id,title,text,label
17034,"Austria will stay pro-European, election victor tells Brussels","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Austria s likely next chancellor assured European Union leaders on Thursday of his support for the EU, allaying concerns that his country would become a dissonant voice in the bloc with the far right expected to enter its government. Sebastian Kurz of the mainstream conservative OVP party won a parliamentary election on Sunday after campaigning on an anti-immigration platform, and a coalition with the far-right Freedom Party (FPO) is widely anticipated. Arriving at a meeting of conservative EU leaders, the 31-year-old Kurz said he would speak to all parties in the Austrian parliament before deciding on a governing partner.  Any government I form will be a pro-European one,  Kurz, who has been the Alpine republic s foreign minister since 2013, told reporters.  I m not just glad we have this European Union, but I also see it as the responsibility of my younger generation to actively engage and shape the EU in a positive way.   Kurz, who will not represent Austria at regular EU summits until he forms a government, also met European Council President Donald Tusk and European Commission chief Jean-Claude Juncker. Tusk, a former Polish prime minister, hailed Kurz on Twitter as a  truly pro-European winner of the Austrian elections . Austria became a member of the European Union in 1995 after a two-thirds majority voted to join the bloc. Recent opinion polls show three-quarters of Austrians want the affluent country to remain a member of the EU. The FPO, which won over a quarter of Austria s vote to the conservatives  nearly 32 percent, gained from public unease over a large influx of mostly Muslim migrants into Europe in 2015. Once anti-EU, the FPO now professes to be pro-Europe but wants Brussels to hand back more powers to member states. ",1
17035,May calls for Brexit talks progress at EU summit,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Prime Minister Theresa May said she would tell fellow European Union leaders on Thursday of  ambitious plans  for progress in Brexit negotiations in the coming weeks. Arriving at the summit in Brussels, she told reporters:  We ll ... be looking at the concrete progress that has been made in our exit negotiations and setting out ambitious plans for the weeks ahead. I particularly, for example, want to see an urgency in reaching an agreement on citizens  rights.  She said she would also pledge continued British cooperation with the EU in areas such as security and defence:  I set out a few weeks ago in Florence a very bold and ambitious agenda and vision for our future partnership between the EU and the UK.   At the heart of that remains cooperation on the key issues and dealing with the shared challenges that we face. That speech ... set out that ambitious vision and I look forward to us being able to progress that in the weeks ahead.   ",1
17036,France's Macron says EU all united on Brexit talks,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron said on Thursday that the European Union s 27 remaining nations were all united in their stance on Brexit behind the bloc s negotiator Michel Barnier in talks on Britain s withdrawal.  This European Council will be marked by a message of unity,  Macron told reporters on arrival at an EU summit in Brussels.  Unity in the Brexit discussions because we are all united on how things stand, the interests we have and our ambitions, behind one negotiator.   ",1
17037,U.S.-backed forces in Syria holding foreign Islamic State leaders,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - U.S.-backed militias in Syria have detained senior foreign Islamic State leaders in months of fighting for Raqqa, but it is not yet clear if they will be repatriated after facing trial, a spokesman said on Thursday.  We have foreign emirs ... from all around the world,  Talal Silo of the SDF told Reuters.  They were captured in special operations, and some of them turned themselves in to our forces.  The Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), an alliance of Kurdish and Arab militias, declared victory this week in Raqqa, raising flags over the last Islamic State positions in the city.  The fall of Raqqa marked a potent symbol of the jihadist movement s collapsing fortunes. Islamic State militants used the city as a planning and operations center for its warfare in the Middle East and its string of attacks overseas. The United States has said Raqqa served as a hub for attacks abroad. In November 2015, after militants killed more than 130 people in Paris, France said it launched air strikes on Islamic State targets inside Raqqa. Silo declined to say how many high-ranking, foreign Islamic State prisoners were in detention, but said SDF intelligence was interrogating them.   There are prisons dedicated just for Daesh,  he added, using the Arabic acronym for Islamic State.  We don t put them with the regular prisoners.    They are being investigated, and will be presented to the courts. We have an independent judicial system that will try them, all of them,  he said.  After the trials, it remained unclear if the SDF would hand over the fighters to their countries or whether the foreign states would accept to take them back, he said.   It depends on the situation between us and the (foreign) states,  Silo said.  There may be an agreement ... there may be consent to handing them over, and there may not be.  With air strikes and special forces from the U.S.-led coalition, the Kurdish-led SDF had been fighting since June inside Raqqa, after months of battles to encircle the city. Raqqa was the first major city Islamic State seized in early 2014, before its series of rapid victories in Iraq and Syria brought millions of people under the rule of its self-declared caliphate, which passed laws and issued passports and money. ",1
17038,Greece plays down financial impact of any F-16 jet deal,"ATHENS (Reuters) - A potential deal with the United States to upgrade dozens of Greece s F-16 fighter jets is not expected to harm its fiscal progress and should not worry its EU lenders, a Greek  government spokesman said on Thursday. Defense spending has been reduced during Greece s seven-year debt crisis, which shrank the size of its economy by more than a quarter and drove its jobless rate to nearly 28 percent.   It (the deal) is not expected to impact in any way the country s progress on fiscal targets or the fiscal balance of its budget,  spokesman Dimitris Tzanakopoulos told reporters. Discussions have progressed but the deal over the Lockheed Martin fighter jets upgrade has not yet been sealed, Tzanakopoulos said. Greece has about 160 F-16 fighter jets. Any deal would involve ugrading about 85 to 95, he added.  The upgrade is not expected to cost more than 1.1 billion euros ($1.3 billion), a sum which would be paid in annual instalments of about 110 million euros over a decade.  It is the cheapest and most appropriate solution to upgrade our air defense,  he said, adding that Athens has paid dozens of billions euros in past decades to purchase such jets. Greece s current EU bailout programme, its third since 2010, ends in August and the leftist-led government has cut pensions, increased taxes and implemented unpopular reforms to meet targets.   Greek media reported on Thursday that European Union lenders were concerned about the possible arms deal. Asked about the reports, Tzanakopoulos said Athens was ready to provide any information to the Commission.  There is no reason for any concern,  he said.  It is logical that the EU Commission would want to be briefed and it will get all the necessary information, if requested.  The potential deal came to light during Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras s visit to the White House this week. Greece spends about 2 percent of its gross domestic product - roughly 3.5 billion euros - on defence, more than the EU s average, largely due to long-standing tensions with its neighbor and fellow NATO member Turkey. Spending on arms is expected to reach 475 million euros in 2018, according to Greece s 2018 draft budget.    Asked whether Greece, as it emerges from crisis, was returning to past habits of overspending on arms, Tzanakopoulos said:  The government has no intention to reiterate the mistakes of the past.   ",1
17039,Fewer migrants entitled to join family in Germany: study,"BERLIN (Reuters) - The number of foreigners who qualify to join loved ones granted asylum in Germany is much smaller than government estimates, a study showed on Thursday, potentially removing an obstacle in  coalition talks. Family reunification is one of the most contentious issues in exploratory talks between Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives and the liberal Free Democrats (FDP) with the Greens, who back a more liberal immigration approach. All the parties are eager to show the public they are taking measures to prevent a repeat of 2015 when Merkel s decision to welcome people fleeing wars and persecution led to the largest influx of asylum seekers in the post-war years. But a conservative plan to suspend the right to family reunions for asylum seekers with only subsidiary protection from March 2018 could be unacceptable to the Greens, who say that would hamper integration. Those given subsidiary protection are given one year visas that can be renewed, because it is deemed their home country is not safe, but do not have full refugee status that would give them the right to stay. The study by the Institute for Employment Research (IAB) found that by the end of this year 150,000 to 180,000 spouses and children of individuals granted either full refugee status or subsidiary protection would qualify to come to Germany. This is far lower than an estimate by Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere who has said that for every refugee, one person living abroad is entitled to come to Germany.  The refugees are a young group and mainly single,  IAB said.  Only 46 percent of adult refugees are married and only 43 percent have children.  More than 1 million people seeking asylum entered Germany in the past two years and the IAB estimates that by the end of this year some 600,000 will have been allowed to stay. After election losses, Merkel bowed to demands by her Christian Social Union (CSU) Bavarian allies for a limit on the number of asylum seekers Germany accepts. In doing so, Merkel healed a rift between her Christian Democrats (CDU) and their Bavarian partners after both lost voters to the far right in the Sept. 24 vote - but set up the potential stumbling block to the Greens joining a coalition.  The issue of family reunification may not primarily be one of numbers, but rather one of the associated signals that one wants to give both to the domestic population, and to potential migrants,  said Thomas Liebig of the OECD, a Paris-based grouping of industrialized countries.  The IAB found that 50,000 to 60,000 spouses and children of asylum seekers granted subsidiary protection were entitled to residency in Germany. The study is based on a survey of more than 4,800 adult refugees. It did not include more than 65,000 unaccompanied minors who have arrived in the last three years and are also entitled to bring in close family such as parents, siblings or children.           ",1
17040,Kurdistan never intended to engage in war with Iraq: KRG,"CAIRO (Reuters) - The  Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) never intended to engage in a war with the Iraqi army, minister Falah Mustafa Bakir, head of the KRG department of foreign relations, told broadcaster CNN in an interview.      There is a need for dialogue between KRG and Iraq so as to reach a common understanding, Bakir said, according to a transcript of the interview published on KRG s website, adding the dispute was not about oil or the national flag but about the future of two nations. Kurdish Peshmerga forces have retreated to positions they held in northern Iraq in June 2014 in response to an Iraqi army advance into the region after a Kurdish independence referendum, a senior Iraqi commander said on Wednesday. The Baghdad central government considers the Sept. 25 Kurdish independence referendum illegal, especially as it was held not just in the autonomous KRG region but in Kirkuk and other adjacent areas that Peshmerga forces held after driving out Islamic State militants in 2014. ",1
17041,UK Brexit bill not scheduled for debate in parliament next week,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain s parliament will not discuss the key European Union withdrawal bill next week, the leader of the lower House of Commons, Andrea Leadsom, said on Thursday, amid concerns the government is struggling to manage divisions over its contents. The bill is at the heart of the government s Brexit strategy. It will transpose EU law into British law at the point of Britain s departure from the bloc and repeal the 1972 act of parliament which made it a member. Lawmakers have proposed hundreds of changes to the bill, some of which have enough backing from lawmakers within Prime Minister Theresa May s Conservative Party to defeat the government - something that would cause May a major headache and question her ability to complete the Brexit process.  There is nothing odd or anything to fear from this slight pause,  Leadsom told lawmakers. She promised them there would be eight days of debate on the bill but did not say when they would start. The BBC reported on Wednesday that the government might delay the bill s passage through parliament until next month because of political divisions.     The bill has already passed its first stage of the legislative process, but is expected to face a stiffer challenge when it is next debated. It has been criticised by lawmakers who say it gives the government too much power to amend EU laws as they are transferred onto the British statute book. Others want safeguards to ensure the government cannot walk away from negotiations without parliament s approval. ",1
17042,Spanish flag-waving underpins Rajoy's tough line on Catalonia,"MADRID (Reuters) - At Jose Luis Sosa-Dias s factory near Madrid, lengths of bright red and yellow polyester are being steamed and pressed as workers rush to rebuild stocks of the Spanish flag after a huge surge in sales in the last few weeks. Patriotic displays of the flag are rare in Spain, where it still reminds many of the Franco dictatorship. But Catalonia s bid for independence has fired up national sentiment, and with it demand for flags.   We sold about 35,000 flags in 50 days. Normally we might sell 500 or 600 in a month,  said Sosa-Dias, who is originally from Uruguay.  In the 38 years I have been in Spain it is the first time I have seen so many flags on balconies and houses, and at demonstrations as Spaniards said  I am Spanish .  Such displays reflect a rising nationalism that is encouraging Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy to stick to his tough line against Catalonia. It also makes it harder to reach a compromise with the region. That nationalism was on display when hundreds of thousands of Spanish unionists staged protests in Madrid and Barcelona in support of unity after Catalonia s illegal independence referendum on Oct. 1 triggered a constitutional crisis and clouded prospects for Europe s fifth-largest economy. According to a monthly official opinion poll, the level of concern among Spaniards over the situation in Catalonia increased threefold in September compared with August. And while a majority say they feel they have both national and regional identities, 66 percent support Rajoy s refusal to offer more autonomy to the country s 17 regions, according to the poll. Among voters who back Rajoy s People s Party, this number jumps to 86 percent.  Conflict around national identity is moving from Catalonia to the rest of the country,  said Lluis Oriols, associate professor of politics at Carlos III University in Madrid. He said the government could therefore conclude there are gains to be made from taking a hard line. This new willingness to wave the national flag has not been accompanied by a resurgence in far-right nationalism, despite attempts by Catalan secessionists to associate Spanish nationalism with Franco-style fascism. Only a very few people parading with the national flag have given fascist salutes and the unionist demonstrations were instead attended by families with children draped in the flag. The flag has a long history. Its basic design of broad red and yellow stripes has been the same since 1785, with changes confined to its coat of arms. But until now it has been rare to see it displayed by the public, except on sports-related occasions. Flag sellers in the capital say demand during the Catalan crisis has far exceeded sales when Spain won the soccer World Cup in 2010 and sports fans filled the streets.  We have doubled, tripled, quadrupled what we sold for the World Cup, honestly we lost count,  said Angel Paniagua, who owns the Fieltros Olleros textile shop near Madrid s central Calle Mayor.  We sold out four or five times, everyone buying flags, it has been amazing.  As vans from Sosa-Dias s factory rushed thousands of flags to the demonstrations in Madrid and in Barcelona, many ordinary citizens said they simply wanted to show they stood behind the state and its institutions. David Rodriguez, 40, who owns an information technology company, said he hung a flag outside his home in Escorial, in the province of Madrid, after police were criticized for using rubber bullets and batons to thwart the independence vote.  I wanted to support the security forces. It was a simple gesture of solidarity,  he said. With Madrid now planning to suspend Catalonia s autonomy,  others said they wanted to show support for the  silent majority  of Catalans who prefer a united Spain.  When it s about soccer, everyone wears the Spanish flag and it doesn t seem strange, but when it s about politics people get scared,  said Raimundo Nieto, a 65-year-old retired finance director.  Spain s unity is at stake right now.  ",1
17043,"From Damascus, Iran vows to confront Israel","BEIRUT (Reuters) - Iran s military chief warned Israel against breaching Syrian airspace and territory on a visit to Damascus on Wednesday, raising tensions with Israel as it voices deep concern over Tehran s influence in Syria. General Mohammad Baqeri pledged to increase cooperation with Syria s military to fight Israel and insurgents, Iranian and Syrian state media said.  Iranian forces and Iran-backed Shi ite militias, including Hezbollah, have provided critical military support to Damascus, helping it regain swathes of Syria from rebels and militants.  It s not acceptable for the Zionist regime to violate the land and airspace of Syria anytime it wants,  Baqeri said at a news conference with his Syrian counterpart.   We are in Damascus to assert and cooperate to confront our common enemies, the Zionists and terrorists,  he said, a reference to Israel and Sunni Muslim jihadists including Islamic State.   We drew up the broad lines for this cooperation,  Syrian state media cited the Iranian military chief of staff as saying.      Iran s expanding clout during Syria s more than six-year war has raised alarm in Israel, which has said it would act against any threat from its regional arch-enemy Tehran. Israel s air force says it has struck arms convoys of the Syrian military and Hezbollah nearly 100 times during the war. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has said that Iran was strengthening its foothold in Syria and that Israel would  do whatever it takes  to protect its security. Tensions have risen this year between Lebanon s Hezbollah and Israel, which have avoided a major conflict since 2006.  This week, the Israeli military said it attacked a Syrian anti-aircraft battery that had fired at its planes over Lebanon. But the Syrian army said it hit an Israeli warplane after it breached its airspace at the Syria-Lebanon border. [nL8N1MR2EX  Our job is to prevent war, and you do that through deterrence. What we saw in Syria (on Monday) fell within this framework,  the Israeli defense minister told Israel Radio on Wednesday before the Iranian military chief s comments.   We will do whatever is necessary for (our) security,  Avigdor Lieberman added.  We will not change our operating procedures because of shooting or a threat of this type or another.  ",1
17044,France criticizes Russian stance on Syria toxic gas probe,"PARIS (Reuters) - France criticized Russia on Thursday for calling into question an international inquiry into who is to blame for chemical weapons attacks in Syria. Russia has questioned the work and future of the joint inquiry by the U.N. and the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW), and said it would decide whether to support extending the mandate after investigators submit their next report.  We cannot accept that the credibility and independence of these mechanisms are challenged on the grounds that their conclusions are not suitable for Russia,  French foreign ministry spokeswoman Agnes Romatet-Espagne told reporters.  This undermines the international consensus that it is our responsibility to build to stop the use of these weapons in Syria.  The inquiry, known as the Joint Investigative Mechanism (JIM), is due to report by Oct. 26 on who was responsible for an April 4 attack on the opposition-held town of Khan Sheikhoun that killed dozens of people. France, Britain and the United States have accused Syrian President Bashar al-Assad s government of being behind the attack and the probe is expected to back those claims. The United States said on Wednesday it would push the United Nations Security Council to renew within days the JIM s mandate, setting the stage for a likely showdown with Russia, which backs Assad and denies Assad has used chemical weapons. France, under President Emmanuel Macron, has been pushing for closer cooperation with Moscow, especially over Syria, and has said dialogue with Russia on enforcing a 2013 Security Council resolution to prevent the use of chemical weapons in Syria was one of its priorities.  The JIM (already) concluded in its August and October 2016 reports the responsibility of the Syrian armed and security forces in three cases of chlorine use and Islamic State in one case. The methodology of the investigation is indisputable,  Romatet-Espagne said.    ",1
17045,Kurdish forces withdraw to June 2014 lines: Iraqi army commander,"KIRKUK, Iraq (Reuters) - Kurdish Peshmerga forces have retreated to positions they held in northern Iraq in June 2014 in response to an Iraqi army advance into the region after a Kurdish independence referendum, a senior Iraqi commander said on Wednesday. An Iraqi military statement said government forces had taken control of Kurdish-held areas of Nineveh province, including the Mosul hydro-electric dam, on Tuesday after the Peshmerga pulled back. On Monday, Baghdad s forces recaptured the major oil city of Kirkuk to the south shortly after the Peshmerga abandoned it. The Peshmerga had advanced into Nineveh and the Kirkuk region over the past three years as part of the war against Islamic State militants, filling a void left by a temporary collapse of the Iraqi army in the face of an IS onslaught.  As of today we reversed the clock back to 2014,  the Iraqi army commander, who asked not to be identified, told Reuters. There was no immediate comment from Kurdish leaders. The territory taken by the Peshmerga as it rolled back Islamic State was outside the official boundaries of the autonomous Kurdish Regional Government (KRG), mainly in Kurdish-populated areas claimed historically by the Kurds. With this week s withdrawals from disputed territories, Peshmerga forces appeared to have re-deployed roughly along the KRG s boundaries. Iran and Turkey joined the Baghdad government in condemning the Iraqi Kurds  Sept. 25 referendum, worried it could worsen regional instability and conflict by encouraging their own Kurdish populations to push for homelands. With the referendum having given Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi a political opening to regain contested land and shift the balance of power in his favor, it may prove a gamble that makes the KRG s quest for statehood more elusive.  Around 61,200 people were displaced Iraq s military operation in and around Kirkuk, a city of over 1 million, over the past 48 hours but most were now returning to their homes, the U.N. humanitarian affairs office in Baghdad said. Witnesses said, however, that dozens of Kurdish families began to flee Kirkuk on Wednesday for Sulaimaniya inside the KRG for fear of attack by Shi ite Popular Mobilization paramilitaries, allied with Baghdad and armed by Iran, that had entered the city along with government forces.  We have a family member with the Peshmerga and we are afraid we might get arrested by the Popular Mobilization. We are fleeing towards Sulaimaniya,  said the driver of one car filled with his family. At least 150 vehicles were seen streaming out of Kirkuk at one point. But most subsequently turned around and returned home after local police assured them that fears of reprisals were groundless, a Reuters reporter said. Though Kurdish-owned shops in Kirkuk were mainly closed on Wednesday due to concern about the presence of Shi ite militia, there were no reports of serious incidents as federal security forces patrolled the streets, witnesses said.  We call on all parties to do everything possible to shield and protect all civilians impacted by the current situation,  Lisa Grande, the U.N. humanitarian coordinator in Iraq, said. Abadi ordered the prosecution of anyone found circulating fake videos aimed at inciting strife between Kurds and Arabs and endangering civil peace in areas retaken by Baghdad s forces. The Kurdish vote was championed by KRG President and KDP party chief Masoud Barzani but not supported by the rival PUK party, in part because of the strong opposition of the Kurds  longtime ally the United States. The United States sided with Abadi s Shi ite-led government in rejecting the Kurds  secessionist move. Barzani has stood by it, saying the overwhelming  yes  for independence  won t be in vain  and would be pursued by peaceful means.  Kurds have sought an independent state since at least the end of World War One, when colonial powers divided up the Middle East after the multi-ethnic Ottoman Empire fell apart and left Kurdish-populated land split between Turkey, Iran, Iraq and Syria.   ",1
17046,Vote may have put independence out of reach for Iraqi Kurds,"ERBIL (Reuters) - The Kurdish independence vote championed by their leader Masoud Barzani was a gamble that may have made his quest for a homeland more elusive than ever.  The Sept 25 vote won overwhelming backing for secession but has raised the possibility of a new civil war in Iraq that could draw in regional powers. Baghdad says the vote is illegal.  Just a few months ago, the Iraqi army, Kurdish fighters, known as the Peshmerga, and Iranian-backed Shi ite paramilitary forces worked together to defeat Islamic State in Mosul. But that cooperation was short-lived and on Monday Iraqi forces seized Kirkuk   an important oil town for the OPEC producer that is also considered by the Kurds to be the heart of their homeland. Iran and Turkey oppose Kurdish independence and Shi ite militias funded by Tehran are gaining influence across Iraq. Meanwhile divisions between the two parties in the ruling Kurdish coalition have deepened.  Kurds have been managing these areas since the fall of (Iraqi President) Saddam (Hussein) in 2003 and to change the situation in an instant will make the whole situation as if it is sinking into quicksand,  said Baghdad-based analyst Jasim al-Bahadli, an expert on Shi ite armed groups. He said the Shi ite paramilitary groups  presence in areas that used to be controlled by Kurds will help create tensions that could lead to a long-term conflict.  Sensitivities could develop into hostilities that could spark a civil war,  he said.  Barzani and his Kurdistan Democratic Party (KDP) have defended the referendum.   It was the right move. No one will stop us from achieving independence,  his spokesman Vahal Ali said.  But not all of Iraq s Kurds, who fought a bloody civil war amongst themselves in the 1990s, supported the idea, raising doubts over the management of any independent state.     The Patriotic Union of Kurdistan (PUK) said the KDP, who make up the coalition, were putting Kurds at risk because of strong opposition to the vote, including from key ally the United States.    The Peshmerga General Command in the KDP stronghold of Erbil accused Iran, a historical ally of the PUK, of helping Iraqi forces launch the offensive in the Kirkuk area.  Unfortunately some of the PUK officials betrayed Kurdistan by being part of the plan by abandoning key fronts and leaving ,  said the Peshmerga statement.  This plot will fail and the will of our people will prevail.  Ali Akbar Velayati - a top adviser to Iran s Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei - was quoted in a report by Tasnim news agency as saying Iran had no role in the Kirkuk operations. A senior Western diplomat also denied that Iran had played a role.   This is mythology. Barzani has in the past blamed others for his mistakes including the PUK. But this is mythology designed to get support from the Americans,  he said. PUK leader Jalal Talabani died barely a week after the vote, adding more uncertainty for the Kurds. Shuras Sherko Jdy, an official in the main opposition Kurdish Gorran Movement, said the Kurds, who gradually built an autonomous region in the north after the 2003 U.S.-led invasion, were facing a leadership crisis.  Civil war could take place over Kirkuk. I hope it does not. If it does it will encourage the intervention of Iran and Turkey,  he said. But Iran, like Turkey, worries the vote will encourage their own Kurdish populations to push for homelands and has made no secret of its growing ambitions in Iraq. The most prominent Iranian figure in Iraq is Major General Qassem Soleimani, the commander of foreign operations for Iran s elite Revolutionary Guards, a military corp providing training and weapons to Iraqi paramilitary groups backing the Shi ite-led government in Baghdad. Ali said Soleimani appeared in Kirkuk two nights before Iraqi security forces attacked. That account was confirmed by an Iranian source in Iraq who said he appeared for  a couple of hours there to give military guidance.   Tehran s military help is not a secret anymore. You can find General Soleimani s pictures in Iraq everywhere,  said an official close to Iranian President Hassan Rouhani.   Now, beside political issues, Kirkuk s oil is a very key element for Iran, which is an OPEC member. Control of those oil fields by Iran s enemies, would be disastrous for us. Why should we let them enter the oil market?.  Kurds have sought an independent state since at least the end of World War One, when colonial powers divided up the Middle East after the collapse of the multi-ethnic Ottoman Empire and left Kurdish-populated territory split between Turkey, Iran, Iraq and Syria. They have often accused the West of not helping them during times of trouble. President Donald Trump has said the United States would not take sides in the clash. Some fear the referendum, which gave Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi a chance to assert his authority, has put independence further out of reach.  Baghdad has also banned international flights to Kurdish airports and imposed punitive financial measures.  We used to control our own airports. We used to control our own borders. We were running our own autonomous region...Now we have nothing. Barzani is responsible for this,  said Jdy. ",1
17047,Philippines says 'big possibility' Malaysian militant leader killed,"MARAWI CITY, Philippines (Reuters) - The Philippine military said on Thursday there was a  big possibility  that a top Malaysian militant tipped to become Islamic State s point man in Southeast Asia has been killed in a battle overnight. Twenty rebels among the remaining Islamic State loyalists holed up in the devastated heart of Marawi City were killed in the latest fighting, likely including Malaysian Mahmud Ahmad, said Colonel Romeo Brawner, deputy commander of a military task force.  There is a big possibility that Dr Mahmud is among them,  Brawner told reporters.  But we will only be definite once we have a match of probably DNA samples, maybe of the dental records.  If confirmed, Mahmud s death would be a blow to any effort by Islamic State, which is on the back foot in Syria and Iraq, to establish a presence in Mindanao, an island with a history of rebellion and home to the predominantly Roman Catholic nation s Muslim minority.  The Marawi siege has been the Philippines  biggest security crisis in years, but some experts see it as a prelude to a more ambitious bid by militants to exploit Mindanao s poverty and use its jungles and mountains as a base to train, recruit and launch attacks in the region. The armed forces in a statement said 13 militants were killed overnight and seven on Monday morning. Two hostages were rescued and information they provided meant the authorities were  increasingly becoming confident  that Mahmud was dead. The 39-year-old former university lecturer is believed to have been pivotal in raising and channeling funds for the alliance and its foreign fighters during an occupation that has lasted 150 days, killing more than 1,000 people, mostly rebels. Central Marawi has been flattened by government air strikes. Some experts say Mahmud could become Islamic State s Southeast Asian  emir  after the death on Monday of Isnilon Hapilon, the head of the alliance that seeks to carve out an Islamic State  Wilaya  in the southern Philippines. Philippine soldiers on Monday killed Hapilon, a target of the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation. They also killed Omarkhayam Maute, one of two brothers at the helm of the Maute militant clan. Mahmud was seen in a video alongside Hapilon and the Maute brothers plotting the Marawi siege. Security experts say he studied in Pakistan and learned to make bombs in an al Qaeda camp in Afghanistan. He left Malaysia in 2014. Brawner said the military was relentless in finishing off the rebels, but was unsure how many were left. Estimates on Monday were 20 to 40 fighters.   The resistance is still there. In fact, we can hear from the background, the battle is ongoing,  he said. Security analyst Rommel Banlaoi said the end of Mahmud would not mean the end of the extremists  presence in Mindanao.  There are still high-value terrorist personalities who are still at large in Mindanao, not to mention other foreign fighters coming from Indonesia and elsewhere in the Arab world,  he said on television.  They are very, very elusive and because they mixed with the communities and at the same time, they hang out with the armed groups that have the mastery of the terrain in Mindanao. It s very difficult for them to be caught by the military.  ",1
17048,Kurdish forces still control Khurmala oil field northwest of Kirkuk: TV,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Kurdish forces have not withdrawn from the Khurmala oil field, northwest of Kirkuk, Erbil-based Rudaw TV said on Thursday, citing a Peshmerga commander. Khurmala is part of the geological structure of the Kirkuk oil basin. It was developed by the semi-autonomous Kurdistan Regional Government as it lies in its administrative boundaries. Iraqi forces on Monday seized the Kirkuk province from Kurdish forces who deployed there in 2014.   ",1
17049,Iraq expects to restore Kirkuk output Sunday: oil ministry official,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraq won t be able to restore Kirkuk s oil output to last week s levels before Sunday because of missing equipment at two fields, an oil ministry official told Reuters on Thursday. The official accused the Kurdish authorities previously in control of Kirkuk of removing equipment at the Bai Hasan and Avana oil fields, north west of the city. ",1
17050,"Turkey's Erdogan calls on mayors to resign, Hurriyet newspaper says","ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan has called on mayors of three major cities to resign, including the high-profile mayor of the capital, Ankara, the Hurriyet newspaper reported on Thursday, in a push to revitalize his ruling party ahead of 2019 elections. The comments mark Erdogan s most explicit demand yet for a shake-up of veteran politicians - some of whom are nationally prominent - after voters in many cities rejected an April referendum granting him sweeping power. While Erdogan narrowly won the referendum to change the constitution and create an executive presidency, voters in 17 of Turkey s 30 largest cities voted against the change. Since then, Erdogan has spoken of the need for renewal in local government and the ruling AK Party, citing signs of  metal fatigue  within administrations.  People do not take these offices as independent candidates but as candidates shown by parties. We cannot regard these posts as chairs which are kept eternally and never abandoned,  the Hurriyet quoted him as telling reporters on his plane back from a trip to Poland this week. A request had been conveyed for the resignation of the mayor of Balikesir in northwest Turkey, the newspaper quoted him as saying.  Likewise, this situation was conveyed to (Ankara Mayor) Melih (Gokcek). The same with Bursa,  he was quoted as saying. Bursa is a city in northwest Turkey. The mayor of Istanbul has resigned in the last month, as has the mayor of Duzce city in northwest Turkey. The mayor of Nigde city in central Turkey, resigned on Wednesday.     But Gokcek, who has been Ankara mayor since 1994 and won five consecutive elections, has so far stayed in place, despite widespread speculation that we would step down. Gokcek has avoided addressing the resignation issue and pointedly steered clear of the subject in public when he made an unexpected visit to the presidential palace this month.  I presented to my president all the project details of the museum to be built opposite the (presidential) palace. I also gave various information about ongoing municipal projects... For the public s information,  he wrote on Twitter. Gokcek, generally regarded as a staunch Erdogan loyalist, is well known in Turkey for tweets in which he has engaged in spats with journalists and other senior members of the AKP. In February he suggested the U.S.-based cleric blamed for last year s failed coup might be plotting an earthquake, with the help of foreign powers, to damage the economy. ",1
17051,Sweden threatens to review engagement with Cambodia,"PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - Sweden said on Thursday it would rethink its engagement with Cambodia if the main opposition party is dissolved, in the strongest warning yet from a Western aid donor. The government has filed a suit to dissolve the Cambodia National Rescue Party (CNRP) after charging its leader, Kem Sokha, with treason. He rejected the charge as politically motivated. Excluding the opposition party would allow veteran Prime Minister Hun Sen a clear field to extend his 32-year rule at the next election in 2018. Swedish Human Rights Ambassador Annika Ben David told a news conference at the end of a five-day visit the banning of the  opposition party could have consequences.  Should the Cambodia National Rescue Party be dissolved, this will force my government to rethink our engagement Cambodia,  she said. Other Western countries have condemned the arrest of Kem Sokha and warned against dissolving the CNRP, but have not raised the possibility of action.  David did not elaborate on what Sweden might do. Government spokesman Phay Siphan rejected David s comments as interference in Cambodia s sovereignty and an insult.  This is language that the royal government can t accept,  Phay Siphan told Reuters.  This is an invasion and insult to the Cambodian national institution.  Sweden had given Cambodia an estimated $100 million in aid over five years, David said. According to Cambodia s database of donors, Sweden ranked third for aid among individual EU member states last year after France and Germany. David also pointed out that Swedish fashion group H&M was an important buyer of clothes from Cambodia s garment factories - the country s main export earner. Hun Sen s ruling Cambodia People s Party (CPP) has launched a crackdown on its critics, including politicians, independent media and non-government groups. This week, parliament changed the law so that the CNRP s seats can be shared amongst other parties if it is dissolved. While Western governments have for years tried to put pressure on Cambodia over the stifling of democracy and the trampling of human rights, China has become an increasingly important ally and business partner. ",1
17052,"As battle rages, devastated Philippine city starts its long cleanup","MARAWI CITY, Philippines (Reuters) - War might still be raging in the ruins of the Philippine city of Marawi, but the cleanup has already began.  Under the guard of dozens of police and soldiers, about 100 of the 200,000 residents driven from their homes during 150 days of fighting have returned to start what will be a massive operation to clear the city of the debris of war. Army trucks crawled through the deserted streets to take displaced people to safe areas of Marawi, where echoes of gunfire and explosions could still be heard as troops sought to finish off the remaining Maute group militants hemmed into a shrinking battle zone. They swept away trash, rocks and belongings scattered on streets, among them toys of children who fled when the pro-Islamic State rebels ran amok on May 23, setting buildings ablaze and ransacking churches and schools. Spray painted on the shutter of one abandoned building reads  Maute ISIS , a term used for the militant alliance.  This is very important for the normalization of Marawi because we are responding to the call for them to return back, so we need to prepare,  said Lieutenant Colonel Rosendo Abad of a joint task force. Defense officials say it could take until January before rebuilding can start, with the heart of the city littered with unexploded bombs and booby traps and buildings on the brink of collapse after months of government air strikes. Military operations have cost 5 billion pesos ($97 million) and the government estimates it could be 10 times that much to rebuild Marawi. The government on Tuesday said 20-year  patriotic bonds  would be sold to generate 30 billion pesos. Australia, the United States, Singapore, Russia, the World Bank and the Asian Development Bank are among the countries and organizations that have offered to help. But already close to the front lines of the effort is China, which has donated 47 heavy-duty industrial vehicles, among them excavators, bulldozers, tractors, cement mixers and dump trucks.    Those vehicles are on standby at the port in nearby Iligan City, waiting for the guns to finally go silent before starting the task of restoring the country s only designated Islamic City. Omarshariff Yassin, an engineer in charge of equipment at the Department of Public Works and Highways, said there was enough skilled manpower, but a lack of machinery.  Before the Chinese equipment arrived, we have 15 equipment in use. We have 17 units on standby,  he said.  The more, the better. What s happening is we lack equipment so we borrow from other regions. But we really need more.   ",1
17053,"Ardern to be next New Zealand PM, spelling changes for economy, immigration","WELLINGTON (Reuters) - New Zealand will get its youngest prime minister in more than 150 years after the small, nationalist New Zealand First Party agreed to form a new government with Labour Party leader Jacinda Ardern, ending the National Party s decade in power. The outcome caps a remarkable rise for Ardern, 37, who only took over the party s top job in August, and marks another victory for a youthful global leader promising change, with big implications for the world s 11th most traded currency, the central bank, immigration and foreign investment. Labour had an even chance as National to form a government after inconclusive elections on Sept. 23 gave neither party enough seats to form a majority in parliament.  Their tighter immigration proposals and more restrictive housing policy all suggest economic growth could be a little bit weaker than the Nationals  policy,  Paul Dales, chief Australia and New Zealand economist at Capital Economics, said of Labour.  The chances of a sharper slowdown are higher under Labour.  The announcement of the new government drove the New Zealand dollar down around 1.7 percent to its lowest levels in four and half months, as markets worried about more protectionist policies to come.  Labour has always believed that government should be a partner in ensuring an economy that works and delivers for all New Zealanders,  Ardern told reporters.  Labour said it would stick to its campaign promise to change the central bank s mandate, seek to renegotiate the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal and prioritize an effort to ban foreign ownership of certain types of housing. It has said it wants to add employment to the central bank s mandate, which would mark a big change for the Reserve Bank of New Zealand which was the pioneer of the inflation-targeting regime adopted across the world. Record net migration of more than 70,000 annually has fuelled demand for housing in New Zealand, far outstripping supply and pushing house prices prohibitively higher, pricing ordinary New Zealanders out of the housing market.  Far too many New Zealanders have come to view today s capitalism not as their friend, but as their foe,  New Zealand First leader Winston Peters, who has been offered the role of deputy prime minister, told reporters.  We ve had to make a choice for a modified status quo, or for change.  Peters said new policy announcements would be up to Ardern, but gave a foretaste of what may come by saying he expected fewer immigrants to be allowed into New Zealand. He had agreed with Labour to build tens of thousands of affordable homes, he added. Labour made tackling what it calls a housing crisis a priority during its election campaign.  This shows that Winston Peters wants to make some radical changes in New Zealand,  said Bryce Edwards, political analyst at Critical Politics in Wellington.  He has always been an anti-establishment MP and he, in what will be his last time in government, wants to be in sync with that global rebellion against the status quo.  Labour made a last minute-gamble when it appointed Ardern as a leader not long before the vote, hoping to ride the global sea of change that drove Britain to vote to leave the European Union and Donald Trump to become U.S. president. Her popularity and message of hope have drawn comparisons with the similarly youthful leaders such as France s Emmanuel Macron and Canada s Justin Trudeau.  Markets are concerned about uncertainty. They worry that curbs to migration and trade could hurt two key sources of New Zealand s robust growth in recent years. More restrictive trade and foreign ownership could also hurt New Zealand s reputation as an open economy and antagonize the likes of China, a key trading partner. Trade between the two countries has grown to more than NZ$20 billion ($14.4 billion) a year and Chinese President Xi Jinping called the relationship  unprecedented  in its depth. ",1
17054,Incoming New Zealand prime minister to discuss cabinet on Friday,SYDNEY (Reuters) - New Zealand Labour Party leader and incoming prime minister Jacinda Ardern said on Thursday cabinet positions in the her new government would be discussed with her party caucus on Friday. Ardern confirmed that the position of deputy prime minister had been offered to Winston Peters after the leader of the small nationalist New Zealand First party threw his support behind Labour to form government.  The deal marks the end of nearly a decade of center-right National governments. The minor Green Party is expected to confirm later on Thursday its support for a three-way coalition with Labour and New Zealand First. ,1
17055,Malaysia in talks with U.S. firm Ocean Infinity to resume MH370 search,"KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - Malaysia is negotiating with U.S.-based seabed exploration firm Ocean Infinity to resume the search for Malaysia Airlines MH370, which vanished three years ago in the southern Indian Ocean with 239 people aboard.  The disappearance of the aircraft en route to Beijing from  Kuala Lumpur ranks among the world s greatest aviation mysteries after Australia, China and Malaysia ended a fruitless A$200-million ($157-million) search effort in January. This week, Malaysia said it had received proposals to continue the search from Ocean Infinity, Dutch firm Fugro and an unidentified Malaysian company. Ocean Infinity beat out the competition and the government has begun negotiations with it, Malaysia s deputy transport minister Aziz Kaprawi said on Thursday.    Yes, we are negotiating with Ocean Infinity, but the agreement has not been finalised,  he told Reuters, but declined to comment on the potential reward for the plane s discovery.   It was an offer on an open basis, that we will only honor if the aircraft is found.  The firm had made an offer on a  no-cure, no-fee  basis, according to a letter, seen by Reuters, that was sent to passengers  families on Thursday.  Australia and China were informed of the negotiation process, but only Australia had informally agreed to Malaysia s choice, Aziz said.    It is still under discussion with China,  he added, but declined to elaborate on China s possible concerns. Australian and Chinese authorities did not immediately respond to Reuters  requests for comment. Ocean Infinity could not confirm the award of a contract,  but good progress has been made , a spokesman said in a statement.     Calvin Shim, whose wife was one of the MH370 crew, said he was relieved authorities were considering resuming the search.   Grateful this step is finally being officially taken,  he told Reuters in a text message.          Relatives of others on board voiced concern over the lengthy talks, however. Families were told of Ocean Infinity s offer in March, said Grace Nathan, a lawyer whose mother was aboard.  The best weather for the search is spring and summer,  said Nathan.  We worry they will lose that window if they take too long to decide.    ",1
17056,Iraq orders arrest of Kurdistan vice president for saying Iraqi forces in Kirkuk are 'occupiers',BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraq s Supreme Justice Council ordered on Thursday the arrest of Kurdistan Regional Government Vice President Kosrat Rasul for allegedly saying Iraqi troops which took over the city of Kirkuk were  occupying forces.  ,1
17057,Taliban kill at least 43 Afghan troops as they storm base: officials,"KABUL (Reuters) - The Afghan Taliban stormed a military base in the south of the country killing at least 43 troops on Thursday, the Defence Ministry said, with the militants saying they had killed 60. Of 60 soldiers manning the base in the province of Kandahar, 43 were killed, nine were wounded and six were missing after the militants attacked in the middle of the night, the ministry said in a statement. At least 10 Taliban were also reported killed in the battle, which occurred in Maiwand, a district that neighbours volatile Helmand province. The attack will underscore worries about the ability of the Afghan security forces to deal with a relentless insurgency which they have struggled to contain since most foreign troops left at the end of 2014. U.S. President Donald Trump committed to an open-ended military mission in Afghanistan in August despite criticism that it is no closer to peace despite billions of dollars in aid and nearly 16 years of U.S. and allied operations. The attack began when a suicide bomber drove an explosives-laden American-made Humvee armoured vehicle, likely captured from Afghan security forces, into the gate of the base, an army official told Reuters. That began an hours-long assault by Taliban gunmen, which was interrupted by a second Humvee breaking all the way into the base and detonating inside, he said. The base itself was left in ruins, officials said.  Qari Yousuf Ahmadi, a spokesman for the militant group, said the attack began with a suicide car bomb followed by an assault that overran the base. The militants had killed at least 60 Afghan soldiers and wounded many, he said. The Taliban have been waging an insurgency for a decade and a half in an attempt to overthrow the Western-backed government in Kabul and re-establish a fundamentalist Islamic regime. The United States and its allies maintain thousands of troops across Afghanistan, including in Kandahar, to advise and assist Afghan forces as well as conduct strikes against suspected militants. When asked whether U.S. forces provided any support for the besieged Afghan base, a spokesman at the coalition military command in Kabul said:  We can confirm that U.S. forces conducted an air strike during an operation in the Maiwand district of Kandahar province, October 19, under counter-terror authorities.  On Tuesday, at least 69 people were killed and scores wounded in Taliban attacks on government compounds in Paktia and Ghazni provinces. Among the dead in those attacks were at least 36 members of the Afghan security forces, including a senior provincial police commander. Militants were once again attacking a police base in Ghazni on Thursday, but officials did not have information on casualties. ",1
17058,Opposition leader says Brexit must not be used to turn UK into a tax haven,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Jeremy Corbyn, leader of the British opposition Labour Party, said on Thursday he would fight any attempt by Prime Minister Theresa May s government to use Britain s exit from the European Union as a way to turn the country into a tax haven.  Corbyn, who was speaking to a meeting of the socialists and democrats in the European Parliament in Brussels, has previously warned that the country must avoid a  race to the bottom  by slashing tax rates to attract foreign investment.   We will resist any attempt by British Conservatives to use Brexit to try and create any kind of deregulated tax haven off the shores of Europe,  he said.   ",1
17059,Malaysia in talks with U.S. firm Ocean Infinity to resume MH370 search,"KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - Malaysia is negotiating with U.S.-based seabed exploration firm Ocean Infinity to resume the search for the missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370. MH370 vanished three years ago somewhere in the southern Indian Ocean en route to Beijing from Kuala Lumpur with 239 people aboard. Its disappearance has become one of the world s greatest aviation mysteries. Malaysia, Australia and China ended a A$200 million ($157 million) deep-sea search for the plane in January without any trace being found. But Malaysia said this week it had received proposals from Ocean Infinity, Dutch firm Fugro and an unidentified Malaysian company offering to continue the search.  Yes, we are negotiating with Ocean Infinity but the agreement has not been finalised,  Deputy Transport Minister Aziz Kaprawi told Reuters.  Ocean Infinity are not yet able to confirm the award of a contract to help in the search for MH370, but good progress has been made,  a spokesman for Ocean Infinity said in a statement.  ",1
17060,Iraq oil ministry warns oil companies against Kurdistan contracts,BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraq s oil ministry on Thursday cautioned oil companies against signing contracts with Iraqi Kurdistan. On Wednesday Russian state-controlled oil company Rosneft signed an agreement to put production sharing agreements into force with respect to five production blocks in Iraqi Kurdistan.     ,1
17061,Moscow tells Tehran Russia remains committed to nuclear deal,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov has told Iranian Deputy Foreign Minister Abbas Araqchi that Moscow remains committed to the Iran nuclear deal, Russia s Foreign Ministry said in statement on Thursday.  ",1
17062,FBI opens investigation into South Africa's Guptas: FT,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - The FBI has opened an investigation into U.S. links to South Africa s Guptas, escalating a scandal over the family s alleged use of a friendship with President Jacob Zuma to control state businesses, the Financial Times said on Thursday. Separately, Britain s banking regulator, the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA), said it was in contact with two UK banks over any possible links to the Gupta family. The Guptas and Zuma have denied any wrongdoing. Gupta family spokesman Gary Naidoo could not be reached for comment and the U.S. Embassy in Pretoria had no immediate comment. The family, founders of a business empire spanning media, mining and consulting, have been named in a trove of leaked emails alleging graft in dealing with South Africa s state-owned companies, which also named several global firms. The Financial Times, which cited  people familiar with the matter , said U.S. investigators had been looking at individuals, bank accounts and companies in the U.S. for ties to alleged graft involving the family. It gave no further details. Britain s FCA said it was in contact with HSBC and Standard Chartered banks following reports in British newspapers that the finance minister had asked regulators to investigate the lenders  possible ties to the Gupta family and Zuma.  The FCA is already in contact with both banks named and will consider carefully further responses received,  the regulator said. Standard Chartered in London said they were not able to comment on details of client transactions but added that  after an internal investigation, accounts were closed by us by early 2014 . HSBC said it had no comment on the matter. Britain s parliament is expected to discuss British banks  possible involvement in the Gupta case on Thursday. Zweli Mkhize, one of several potential candidates to replace Zuma as head of the African National Congress in December, said the United States and Britain were within their rights to investigate.  If there is any information suggesting corruption or irregularities, it needs to be investigated across the borders. It should not be restricted to South Africa,  he told reporters. The Guptas and their companies have not been charged with any crime in South Africa, but the scandal is one of many that have dogged the Zuma presidency. Local media have reported extensively on the so-called  Gupta-leaks  - thousands of emails between the Guptas and their lieutenants and state-owned companies, politically connected individuals and private sector firms. ",1
17063,StanChart closed accounts linked to South Africa's Gupta family in 2014,"LONDON (Reuters) - Standard Chartered closed some bank accounts linked to the Gupta family in South Africa in 2014, a spokeswoman for the bank said on Thursday.  We are not able to comment on the details of client transactions, but can confirm that after an internal investigation, accounts were closed by us by early in 2014,  the spokeswoman said by email.   The Gupta family, a trio of Indian-born businessmen, are under scrutiny for their close ties to South African President Jacob Zuma.  Britain s Financial Conduct Authority separately said it is in contact with StanChart and HSBC following reports in British newspapers that Britain s finance minister has asked regulators to investigate the lenders  possible ties to the Gupta family and Zuma.  The FCA is already in contact with both banks named and will consider carefully further responses received,  the regulator said. The FBI in the U.S. is also investigating the matter. HSBC declined to comment.  ",1
17064,Earthquake of magnitude 6.1 strikes off southern Japan: USGS,"SINGAPORE (Reuters) - An earthquake of magnitude 6.1 struck off southern Japan on Thursday, the United States Geological Survey said. The quake struck 682 km (424 miles) off Japan s island of Kyushu at a depth of 10 km (6.2 miles), the agency said, but there were no immediate reports of damage or casualties. ",1
17065,"Young Japanese voters, happy with job market, lean toward ruling party","TOKYO (Reuters) - Young Japanese will back the ruling Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) in a lower house vote on Sunday at a higher rate than their elders, survey data shows, apparently reflecting approval of low unemployment, not an ideological drift to the right. Among voters aged 18 to 29, 41 percent intend to vote for Prime Minister Shinzo Abe s LDP in proportional representation districts, according to a survey by the Asahi Shimbun daily published on Thursday.  That compared with 27 percent of voters in their 60s.  For young people, the most important thing is employment. Japan is doing really well in that field, when compared with other countries,  said one analyst, Naohiro Yashiro, dean of Showa Women s University s global business department.      This is not young people turning more conservative, but wanting to keep the status quo,  said Yashiro, an economist who has worked on several government panels.  After five years of the prime minister s  Abenomics  recipe of hyper-easy monetary policy and fiscal spending, Japan s jobless rate stood at a 23-year low of 2.8 percent in August.  Among university students who graduated in March, 97.6 percent of those who had sought employment got jobs, a record high. Mikitaka Masuyama, professor at the National Graduate Institute for Policy Studies, also said young voters  preferences had little to do with ideology.  My impression is they don t care much about being left or right. They just don t have real alternatives, or other attractive parties,  Masuyama said. The poor showing of the opposition Democratic Party of Japan (DPJ), which ruled from 2009 to 2012, haunts the opposition and helps the LDP among younger voters, said Takeshi Kohno, professor at Keio University.  Young people are worried about Japan s future given the aging of the population,  Kohno said.   As the DPJ did so badly before, the LDP or an LDP-led coalition can be viewed as a good choice.  The Democratic Party, faced with rock-bottom ratings, has imploded and is running no candidates of its own this time, encouraging its members to run on the slate of Tokyo Governor Yuriko Koike s new conservative Party of Hope.  ",1
17066,"About 100,000 Kurds have fled Kirkuk since Monday: Kurdish officials","BAGHDAD (Reuters) - About 100,000 Kurds have fled Kirkuk, fearing unrest, since Monday s takeover of the region by Iraqi forces, officials from the semi-autonomous Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) said on Thursday. About 18,000 families have taken shelter in the cities of Erbil and Sulaimaniya, the governor of Erbil Nawzad Hadi told reporters. One of his aides told Reuters the total number of people was about 100,000. ",1
17067,Northern Ireland political talks stall as time runs out,"LONDON/BELFAST (Reuters) - The chances of Northern Ireland s political parties restoring a power-sharing agreement are  not positive  and Britain will have to impose a budget early next month if talks cannot be salvaged, the minister for the region said on Wednesday. Northern Ireland has been without a regional administration since its collapse in January, raising the prospect of direct rule being reimposed from London, potentially destabilizing a delicate political balance in the British province. Britain will need to draw up a budget - a move one of the region s smaller parties said would effectively constitute direct rule - if an executive is not formed by the week starting Nov. 6, James Brokenshire said.  If I had given evidence to this committee last week I might have indicated some momentum, more progress. That progress stalled at the end of last week,  Brokenshire told a parliamentary committee, adding London would also have to pass legislation by Oct. 30 to enable an executive to be formed.  Unless there is a renewed spirit of compromise then the outlook for imminent resolution is not positive.  Former U.S. President Bill Clinton, who played a central role in brokering the 1998 peace deal that ended three decades of sectarian bloodshed in Northern Ireland, used a brief trip to Dublin this week to travel to Belfast and meet the main parties. But the main impediment in the talks between the pro-British Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) and Irish nationalists Sinn Fein remains disagreement over improved rights for Irish language speakers, an issue that has dogged negotiations for months. Sinn Fein s leader in Northern Ireland, Michelle O Neill, described Brokenshire s budget comments as  not helpful in the sense that it clearly signifies that would be the end of this phase of negotiations.  Considerable challenges remain, she said. The Irish government, which is co-facilitating the talks, has said Northern Ireland needs a devolved government to give it a greater say in Britain s negotiations to leave the European Union, set to have a bigger impact on the province than on any other part of the United Kingdom. Ireland s foreign minister last week said reverting to direct rule from London for the first time in a decade would be a  devastating  blow for reconciliation in the province. Brokenshire said while he has no desire to do so, all options - including direct rule - must be considered if no agreement can be reached.   We are on a glide path to greater and greater UK government intervention,  Brokenshire said.  We can t go on much longer.   ",1
17068,UK's May to meet Bill Clinton to discuss Northern Ireland crisis,"LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May will meet former U.S. President Bill Clinton on Thursday morning to discuss the political crisis in Northern Ireland, May s spokesman said. During his time as president, Clinton played a central role in brokering peace in the British province, where a power-sharing administration collapsed in January and opposing sides have since been unable to break the political deadlock. Clinton traveled to Belfast this week to meet political parties and try to break the impasse.  He and the PM wanted to take this opportunity to discuss Northern Ireland ..,  May s spokesman said.  Obviously work is ongoing in trying to reach a solution and to get the compromises that are necessary to get the devolved administration up and running again,  he added. Earlier the British government minister for the province said the chances of reaching a deal there were  not positive .  The meeting with Clinton is due to take place at 0830 GMT in May s Downing Street office. ",1
17069,"U.S. wants stronger India economic, defense ties given China's rise: Tillerson","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said before a visit to India next week that the Trump administration wanted to  dramatically deepen  cooperation with New Delhi, seeing it as a key partner in the face of negative Chinese influence in Asia. Speaking on Wednesday, less than a month before President Donald Trump is due to make his first state visit to China, Tillerson said the United States had begun to discuss creating alternatives to Chinese infrastructure financing in Asia. In another comment likely to upset Beijing, he said Washington saw room to invite others, including Australia, to join U.S.-India-Japan security cooperation, something Beijing has opposed as an attempt by democracies to gang up on it. The remarks coincide with the start of a week-long Chinese Communist Party congress at which President Xi Jinping is seeking to further consolidate his power.  The United States seeks constructive relations with China, but we will not shrink from China s challenges to the rules-based order and where China subverts the sovereignty of neighboring countries and disadvantages the U.S. and our friends,  Tillerson told the Center for Strategic and International Studies think tank.  India and the United States should be in the business of equipping other countries to defend their sovereignty, build greater connectivity, and have a louder voice in a regional architecture that promotes their interests and develops their economies,  Tillerson added. The U.S. decision to expand relations with India almost certainly will upset India s rival, Pakistan, where Tillerson also will stop next week, said a senior State Department official, speaking on condition of anonymity. Pakistan was the main U.S. ally in South Asia for decades, but U.S. officials are frustrated with what they charge has been Pakistan s failure to cut support for the Taliban insurgency in Afghanistan, where the administration wants India to play a bigger role in economic development. As part of a South Asia strategy unveiled by Trump in August, Tillerson is expected to press Islamabad, which denies aiding the Taliban, to take stronger steps against extremists and allied groups and intensify efforts to pressure them to agree to peace talks with Kabul.  We expect Pakistan to take decisive action against terrorist groups based there that threaten its own people and the broader region,  Tillerson said. Trump has threatened further cuts in U.S. aid to Pakistan if it fails to cooperate. China, a strategic rival to the United States and India, is also vital to Trump s efforts to roll back North Korea s efforts to create nuclear-armed missiles capable of reaching the United States, an issue expected to top the agenda in Trump s Nov. 8-10 Beijing visit. A senior State Department official defended the timing of the speech, saying Tillerson also said he wanted a constructive relationship with China.  For many decades the United States has supported China s rise,  said the official.  We ve also supported India s rise. But those two countries have risen very differently.  In Beijing, foreign ministry spokesman Lu Kang said China hoped the United States could abandon bias when viewing its actions overseas.  China will never develop itself at the expense of other countries,  Lu told a regular briefing on Thursday.  At the same time we will never give up our justly deserved rights and interests.   Healthy relations between China and the United States are good for the people of both countries and are expected by the Asia-Pacific region, he added. Tillerson did not say what he meant by creating an alternative to Chinese infrastructure financing, but said the Trump administration had begun a  quiet conversation  with some emerging East Asian democracies at a summit in August. He said Chinese financing was saddling countries with  enormous  debts and failing to create jobs.  We think it s important that we begin to develop some means of countering that with alternative financing measures.   We will not be able to compete with the kind of terms that China offers, but countries have to decide what are they willing to pay to secure their sovereignty and their future control of their economies and we ve had those discussions with them as well,  he said. ",1
17070,NZ Green Party leader in talks with Labour-led coalition government,SYDNEY (Reuters) - New Zealand Green Party leader James Shaw said on Thursday he was confident of reaching an agreement with Labour and New Zealand First to provide support for the formation of a coalition government.  Shaw said a final decision would be made on Thursday evening and he was  very confident  of a change in government after nearly a decade of center-right National governments.  The incoming Labour-New Zealand First coalition needs the Greens to commit to a confidence and supply agreement in parliament to ensure they have a majority.     ,1
17071,Former soccer star Kaladze runs for mayor in Georgia's capital,"TBILISI (Reuters) - Kakha Kaladze climbed to the top of world soccer as a defender for Italian club AC Milan, and now his career is taking another turn: he wants to become the mayor of the capital city in his native country of Georgia. Kaladze, now 39 and running as a candidate for the ruling Georgian Dream party, has an advantage over the other seven candidates in the field as one of ex-Soviet Georgia s most recognizable public figures. He told Reuters after a campaign event he considered his career in sport was good preparation for politics. It taught him about teamwork.  Every time when I talk about success in politics or in sport, I stress how important it is to have a team of professionals,  he said. Kaladze has more than 30 percent support among likely voters, the National Democratic Institute said in a report this month   more than any other candidates. His closest competitor is likely to be Zaal Udumashvili, a well-known former television anchor who is representing the United National Movement, an opposition party. The result may have to be decided in a second round run-off. Some voters see Kaladze as the favorite, in part because he has the backing of Bidzina Ivanishvili, the founder of the Georgian Dream party and Georgia s richest man.  I m sure Kaladze will be elected as a mayor,  said Nugzar Malkhazashvili, a 47-year-old doctor and resident of the Georgian capital, Tbilisi. Kaladze s soccer career included a spell at Ukrainian club Dynamo Kyiv, then a period at AC Milan during which the club were Italian league champions once and won the UEFA Champions League twice. He finished his career at another Italian club, Genoa, before retiring in 2011. Kaladze was also a successful businessman, owning a handful of investments in Georgia, Ukraine, Italy and Kazakhstan. He entered politics in the year he retired, becoming an active supporter of Ivanishvili. He has served as energy minister and deputy prime minister in governments dominated by Ivanishvili s allies. In the race for mayor of the Georgian capital he has promised to solve problems with traffic by building new roads and overpasses, improve ecology by constructing new parks and green zones and to address education and healthcare problems. He said he was already looking beyond the election, and focusing on how he will fulfill his promises.  I don t see October 21 (the election day) as a problem. I anticipate difficulties after October 21. We will have serious challenges, but I hope that we will overcome all difficult barriers,  Kaladze told Reuters. ",1
17072,"China says hopes U.S. can abandon bias, view China objectively","BEIJING (Reuters) - China said on Thursday it hopes the United States can abandon its bias and see China objectively, following U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson s call for a broader alliance to check instances of Beijing s  disadvantageous  influence in Asia.  Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang told reporters China steadfastly upheld the international order with the United Nations at the core.  Tillerson said on Wednesday ahead of a visit to India the Trump administration wants to  dramatically deepen  cooperation with New Delhi, adding U.S. seeks constructive relations with China but will not shrink from instances where China  subverts the sovereignty of neighboring countries and disadvantages the U.S.  and its friends. ",1
17073,South Africa's cabinet replaces Zuma ally as head of national airline,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South Africa s government has named Johannes Bhekumuzi Magwaza as chairman of loss-making state-owned airline South African Airways (SAA), replacing Dudu Myeni, who was an ally of President Jacob Zuma, the finance minister said on Thursday. In all six board members were replaced, Finance Minister Malusi Gigaba said in a statement without giving reasons for the clear-out, but adding that the new board brings  in-depth knowledge of business in both the private and public sectors . Myeni had been reappointed in September 2016 for a year, alongside 11 other board members. The national carrier received state funds to repay loans in September and has been given until the end of October to settle 5 billion rand ($374 million) of maturing debt to domestic lenders. Credit ratings agencies have said SAA should be reformed and cite the cost of propping it up as a threat to South Africa s credit rating. S&P Global Ratings and Fitch have downgraded South Africa s credit to  junk  status. Magwaza, also known as  JB,  will be joined by Nolitha Fakude as deputy chairperson, Ahmed Bassa, Tinyiko Mhlari, Martin Kingston and Geoff Rothschild.  Magwaza s appointment comes a day after the Public Investment Corporation (PIC), one of the continent s largest asset managers, said it has not ruled out investing in SAA.  The PIC manages South African government employee retirement funds and has been in the spotlight recently after media reports that the finance ministry requested money from the pension fund to bail out struggling state firms.  Gigaba said in September South Africa was not planning to raid the government pension fund to bail out struggling state firms.  The opposition Democratic Alliance s shadow deputy minister of finance, Alf Lees, welcomed the decision.  Make no mistake, this reported restructuring of the SAA board and the removal of Myeni is far too little, too late to save the airline. There is no saving SAA,  Lees said in a statement. ",1
17074,United Arab Emirates says to announce government reshuffle on Thursday,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Prime Minister and Vice-President of the United Arab Emirates and ruler of Dubai, said in a tweet a government reshuffle will be announced later on Thursday. ",1
17075,Turkey's Erdogan says may shut Iraqi border any moment: Hurriyet,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - President Tayyip Erdogan said Turkey may shut its border with northern Iraq  at any moment  after closing its air space to the region, Hurriyet newspaper reported on Thursday, reviving a threat first made after Kurds there voted for independence.  We have completely closed our air space to the regional government in northern Iraq,  the paper cited Erdogan as telling reporters on his plane returning from a trip to Poland.  Talks are continuing on what will be done regarding the land (border) ... We have not shut the border gates yet but this could happen too at any moment,  he added. Turkey announced on Monday it was closing its air space to the semi-autonomous Kurdish region and said it would work to hand control of the main border crossing into the region to the central Iraqi government. The Habur gate is the main transit point between Turkey and Iraq s semi-autonomous Kurdish Regional Government.  A Sept. 25 referendum, in which Kurds in northern Iraq voted overwhelmingly in favor of independence, alarmed Baghdad, Iraq s neighbors and Western powers, all of whom feared further regional conflict could arise from the vote. Subsequently Kurdish Peshmerga forces retreated to positions they held in northern Iraq in June 2014 in response to an Iraqi army advance into the region after the referendum, a senior Iraqi commander said on Wednesday. Ankara, which has been battling a three-decade insurgency in its own mainly Kurdish southeast, fears an independent Kurdish state on its borders would heighten separatist tension at home. ",1
17076,'We're not Catalonia': Italy's separatists tread softly toward autonomy,"MILAN, Italy (Reuters) - As nervous investors retreat from Catalonia, afraid the wealthy region may secede from Spain, another European region whose politicians once campaigned for independence is looking to attract some of them   by talking of autonomy, not secession. The Italian region of Lombardy, the country s industrial engine and home to its financial capital Milan, is holding a referendum on Sunday for more autonomy, an outcome its once-proudly secessionist leader hopes will lure more investment. That could come at the expense of Catalonia, which is a rival to Lombardy in the race to attract employers fleeing another painful European divorce, Brexit. The two regions are competing to host Europe s drugs regulator which must leave the UK and find a new home inside the European Union.  We are not Catalonia,  said Lombardy President Roberto Maroni, overlooking Milan from his glass-walled office on the 36th floor of the region s recently built headquarters.  We remain inside the Italian nation with more autonomy while Catalonia wants to become the 29th state of the European Union. We, no. Not for now.  He speaks of Catalonia as a competitor in some respects but says he is not deliberately courting its firms.  We are not cheering because firms are fleeing Catalonia. We will see what happens but I haven t had any requests yet from Catalan firms.  Maroni is a leading member of Lega Nord, which began in the 1990s to campaign for an independent state of Padania, stretching across Italy s north, roughly following the Po river from around Lombardy in the west to Venice in the east. Lega Nord no longer actively campaigns for secession but as the ruling party in Lombardy and in the Veneto region around Venice, it is holding referendums in both for greater autonomy, including a better financial deal from the central government. A  yes  vote would not be binding on Rome, but Maroni said it would give him a strong mandate to negotiate a better deal.  It s obvious that the more negotiating power I have, the more money I can manage to bring home,  he said. Rome says the referendum is unnecessary, though permitted under Italy s constitution, which allows regions to open talks for more autonomy. Italy s ruling Democratic Party is also neutral on the issue, though at least one of the party s mayors in Lombardy is calling for a  yes  vote. Like Catalonia, Lombardy makes up a fifth of the national economy and complains that the center is draining its finances. But unlike Catalonia, where hundreds of firms have shifted headquarters to other regions of Spain since an Oct. 1 independence referendum there, Lombardy s boss is taking a softer line and using his autonomy push as an investment pitch. Maroni says Lombardy pays 54 billion euros ($64 billion) more in taxes to Rome each year than it receives from the center. He wants to reduce that difference by half. Maroni says he would spend some of that money on research and development, nurturing family-owned businesses and start-ups   and tax holidays to attract big international firms. For example, he said, he could tell big multinationals looking to invest in Europe:  You know that if you come to Milan, for two or three years I won t make you pay taxes.  Rome, though, is in no position to allow its most economically powerful region such a windfall without risking economic collapse in the already-poor south, experts say.  It s a zero-sum game,  said Professor Luca Ricolfi, an expert on federalism at the University of Turin. Gian Claudio Bressa, junior minister for regional affairs in Rome, said it was not a matter of just handing back money. Regions must show they can take over public services from the national government and do a better job at providing them. Only then are more funds allocated to a newly autonomous region, to help it fund those additional services.  Italy is a unitary state based on mutual fiscal solidarity among regions,  Bressa said.  In order to get more money from the central state, Lombardy should demonstrate that the services offered are better if compared to those provided by the state itself. If 27 billion euros were to be used to fund something different from services, Italy could not survive of course.  Even if there is a large  yes  vote in Sunday s referendums, experts do not expect quick or dramatic change. Lombardy would consider it a victory if it managed to pick up a few more responsibilities and around 1-2 billion euros in additional funds, said the University of Turin s Ricolfi. Politically, though, it could inflame tensions between the rich north and poor south, and weaken the seams of a nation that was a collection of small regional states, speaking a variety of dialects, until unification in the 19th century.  Once you open up the issue of what the northern regions pay, then I expect a backlash in southern Italy,  said Giovanni Orsina, history professor at Rome s Luiss-Guido Carli University. ($1 = 0.8504 euros) ",1
17077,"Pakistan, Afghanistan in angry tangle over border fence to keep out militants"," (This October 18 story has been refiled to fix dateline, amend headline and first paragraph) ANGOOR ADDA, Pakistan (Reuters) - Pakistan is betting that a pair of nine-foot chain-link fences topped with barbed wire will stop incursions by Islamist militants from Afghanistan, which opposes Islamabad s plans for a barrier along the disputed frontier. Pakistan plans to fence up most of the 2,500 km (1,500 mile) frontier despite Kabul s protests that the barrier would divide families and friends along the Pashtun tribal belt straddling the colonial-era Durand Line drawn up by the British in 1893. Pakistan s military estimates that it will need about 56 billion rupees ($532 million) for the project, while there are also plans to build 750 border forts and employ high-tech surveillance systems to prevent militants crossing. In the rolling hills of the Angoor Adda village in South Waziristan, part of Pakistan s restive Federally Administered Tribal Areas (FATA), three rolls of barbed wire are sandwiched in the six-foot gap between the chain-link fences.  (The fence) is a paradigm change. It is an epoch shift in the border control management,  said a Pakistani army officer in command of South Waziristan during a presentation to foreign media on Wednesday.  There will not be an inch of international border (in South Waziristan) which shall not remain under our observation.  Pakistan s military has so far fenced off about 43 km of the frontier, starting with the most violence-prone areas in FATA, and is expected to recruit tens of thousands of new troops to man the border. It is not clear how long it will take to fence the entire boundary.  But Pakistan s plans have also drawn criticism from across the border. Gulab Mangal, governor of the eastern Afghan province of Nangarhar, told Reuters the wall will create  more hatred and resentment  between two neighbors and will do neither country any good.  The fence will definitely create a lot of trouble for the people along the border on both sides but no wall or fence can separate these tribes,  he said.  I urge the tribes to stand against this action.  Pakistan has blamed Pakistani Taliban militants it says are based on Afghan soil for a spate of attacks at home over the past year, urging Kabul to eradicate  sanctuaries  for militants. Afghanistan, in turn, accuses Islamabad of sheltering the leadership of the Afghan Taliban militants who are battling the Western-backed government in Kabul. Both countries deny aiding militants, but relations between the two have soured in recent years. In May, the tension rose when 10 people were killed in two border villages in Baluchistan region. The clashes occurred in so-called  divided villages , where the Durand Line goes through the heart of the community, and where residents are now bracing for the fence to split their villages in two. Pakistan s previous attempts to build a fence failed about a decade ago and many doubt whether its possible to secure such a lengthy border. But Pakistani army officials are undeterred by the scepticism and insist they will finish the job as the country s security rests on this fence.  By the time we are done, inshallah, we will be very sure of one thing: that nobody can cross this place,  said the Pakistani officer in charge of South Waziristan. ",1
17078,Colombia's FARC say six ex-members murdered in restive province,"BOGOTA (Reuters) - Armed gunmen this week killed six former fighters from Colombia s FARC rebels, the now-demobilized group said, reiterating its fears about attacks targeting former guerrillas. Thousands of members of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) rebels handed in their weapons under a peace deal signed with the government last year to end more than 53 years of war. The group is now a political party. Sunday s killings took place in the restive southwestern province of Narino, where criminal gangs, the smaller ELN rebel group and FARC dissidents who refused to demobilize are competing to control valuable territory for the cultivation of coca, the base ingredient in cocaine.  We stand in solidarity with the families of our six comrades who were cowardly murdered in cold blood,  the FARC said in a statement. The armed groups trying to take over territory in the area have no ideological aims, the FARC said on its website, but are stoking violence for economic gain. Former rebel leaders have repeatedly raised concerns that former guerrillas may be assassinated by right-wing paramilitary gangs or drug traffickers, in a replay of about 5,000 targeted killings during the 1980s, when the group first attempted to found a political party. ",1
17079,Thailand's Buddhist monks order reforms ahead of royal transition,"BANGKOK (Reuters) - Under growing pressure from Thailand s military government, and their own religious bodies, Buddhist monks have launched a fresh round of reforms in recent weeks to clean up temples and overhaul a religion stalked by scandal. Buddhism, Thailand s dominant religion, is followed by more than 90 percent of the population.  But its image has suffered over sex scandals involving monks and allegations of money laundering by a former abbot of Thailand s biggest temple. The scandals have prompted calls for tighter checks on the finances of thousands of temples across the country that are among Thailand s popular tourist attractions. Since September, senior monks have issued orders to enforce stronger discipline for Thailand s more than 300,000 monks and some 40,000 temples. The orders come at a sensitive time as Thailand prepares to cremate the late King Bhumibol Adulyadej next week and the formal coronation of his only son, King Maha Vajiralongkorn, likely taking place at the end of the year. The written instructions, seen by Reuters, tell monks to stop asking for donations and temples to stop selling holy objects inside temple grounds. The instructions appear to be aimed at making temple finances more transparent and to counter criticism about the commercialization of religion in the Southeast Asian nation. Other orders instruct senior monks to tightly control  inappropriate use of social media  by monks to prevent   criticism from the public.   The orders were endorsed by the Sangha Supreme Council, the body that governs Buddhist monks in Thailand and performs a similar role to the Roman Catholic church s College of Cardinals.  These rules already existed for monks but their implementation may have been lax,  Phra Phrom Moli, a member of the Sangha Supreme Council told Reuters. Many Thais believe generous donations to temples can bring  good karma - the principle that good deeds will lead to a good future -  something temples and monks have exploited, groups lobbying for reform say.   Phra Phrom Moli welcomed the new orders.   We must examine ourselves, listen to the people and see what is and is not appropriate for the sake of the public s faith in the religion,  he said. One order given in September by a group of temples in Thailand s northeast region asked monks to police each other and report any behavior that might go against Buddhist teachings.  Please take care of any monks who are not practicing discipline,  the order read. The junta has been trying to reform Thai Buddhism since it came to power in a 2014 coup.   Last month, it reinstated a former senior police official, Pongporn Pramsaneh, as head of the National Buddhism Office, who soon afterward asked police to investigate temples where state funds were allegedly misappropriated. Reuters was unable to reach Pongporn for comment. Police say they are focusing on 35 temples and 29 individuals, including five abbots and a former Buddhism chief, who were allegedly involved in misappropriating funds. All five abbots have been formally charged for abusing state authority and colluding to do wrong, among other charges. The government allocated 5.32 billion baht($160.77 million)to support Buddhism last year, 4.67 billion baht of which was earmarked for temples and monks across the country.  Some analysts see the latest reform push as part of a power tussle between monks and the state ahead of the royal transition.  What the monkhood is doing is tightening control for the sake of their own legitimacy,  Somrit Luechai a Buddhism scholar Somrit Luechai told Reuters. Thai Buddhism also needs to make itself relevant again, he added.  By failing to adapt and find new ways to make people understand the teachings of the Buddha ... they are gradually loosing relevance for new generations of Thais,  Somrit said. Sulak Sivaraksa, a pre-eminent Buddhist scholar, agrees. For centuries, Buddhist temples were centers of education in Thailand but Sulak said theoretical teachings were no longer enough.  The education of monks needed modernization,  Sulak told Reuters.  The existing system is creating monks that do not fully understand the real world.    ($1 = 33.0900 baht) ",1
17080,U.S. knew of Indonesian anti-communist massacre as it unfolded,"JAKARTA (Reuters) - The U.S. government had intimate knowledge of the mass killing of alleged communists in Indonesia in the mid 1960s even as it failed to publicly reveal the slaughter, newly declassified U.S. documents show.The documents also reveal that Indonesian army intermediaries told Western embassies they were considering toppling then president Sukarno less than a fortnight after the killing of six generals by rebel military personnel that sparked the bloodletting. The murder of the generals on Sept. 30, 1965, is still widely depicted as an attempted communist coup against Sukarno.  The murders were used as a pretext for an anti-communist pogrom by Indonesia s military and Islamic groups that led to at least 500,000 deaths. One of the worst massacres of the 20th century, the killings in 1965 and 1966 have never been officially investigated and  perpetrators have never faced justice. Indonesia, the world s largest Muslim-majority country, still has periodic bouts of anti-communist hysteria. Last month, a meeting by human rights activists and victims of the anti-communist purge was shut down after Islamists and nationalists rioted outside the venue. One cable from the U.S. embassy in Jakarta to the Department of State, written three months after members of the communist party, the PKI, were first targeted, said there were  an estimated 100,000 PKI deaths . In Medan, on the island of Sumatra, clerics from the Muslim group Muhammadiyah urged members to kill communists, according to a telegram from the U.S. consul. Conscious  PKI members are classified as lowest order of infidel, the shedding of whose blood is comparable to killing chicken,  the consul said in one report. Muhammadiyah youth group chairman Dahnil Anzar said the documents showed  nothing new  but such conflict should not happen again. A U.S. consular officer in the city of Surabaya, in East Java, said in a telegram members of Ansor, the youth wing of the Nahdlatul Ulama Islamic organization, were responsible for  widespread slaughter  and they thought killing communists was a  ticket to heaven .  Army is quietly releasing nightly 10 to 15 prisoners to Muslims for execution,  the official in Surabaya said in another dispatch. Abdul Rochman, secretary general of Ansor, told Reuters that the group s involvement in the killings of 1965 was a  form of self-defense .  (The PKI) carried out provocative activities like aggressive recruitment and went further by insulting our imams, poisoning and killing our members, burning mosques,  he said. We believe the NU s reaction was relatively measured and not disproportionate. Indonesia s chief security minister, Wiranto, declined to answer questions. Army deputy chief of staff, H Siburian, said he had not seen the documents so could not comment. CONCERN ABOUT LEFT-WING POLICIES Rochman, from NU s Ansor, said he supported any move for dialogue and reconciliation.  We must make sure all voices are heard - NU s voice, the victims  voices, the children of suspected communists.  Phelim Kine, deputy Asia director of Human Rights Watch, said redress for victims was  long overdue . The U.S. embassy did not respond to requests for comment. While the documents do not solve the mystery of why the six generals were killed on Sept. 30, they do show that the United States and its Indonesian military allies were deeply concerned about Sukarno s left-wing policies and ties to the communists. Then U.S. ambassador Marshall Green wrote on Oct. 12, 1965, that the army had approached western embassies through an  intermediary  and said they were considering a  quick move  to overthrow Sukarno, although no final decision was made. In the event of such a coup, Green says the United States could help with  anything from covert operations and assistance [to] transport, money, communications equipment, or arms . In January 1967, Major General Sjarif Thajeb told a U.S. embassy official Sukarno planned to accuse foreigners and their  little army friends  of orchestrating the Sept. 30 killings.  The president s plan had galvanized the military  hawks  to oust Sukarno  by March . Army general Suharto became acting president in March, ushering in three decades of military dictatorship.  ",1
17081,"Australian senate rejects proposed visa, citizenship curbs","SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australia s lawmakers have rejected legislation that would tighten citizenship and foreign worker visa rules, a blow to Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull who had sought to stop a loss of his support base to far-right political parties. In April, Turnbull said Australia would abolish a temporary work visa popular with foreigners and replace it with a new program requiring better English-language and job skills. Turnbull also announced plans to raise the bar for citizenship by lengthening the waiting period and adding a new  Australian values  test. But Australia s senate, where Turnbull s center-right government does not enjoy a majority, rejected the proposal in a late vote on Wednesday, with opposition lawmakers insisting the rules were counter to Australian multicultural values. The senate rejection may further drag on support for Turnbull, which, according to the widely watched Newspoll poll on Monday, languishes at its lowest level in more than two years. The next election is not due until 2019, but continued poor polling could undermine Turnbull s leadership. Mathias Cormann, Australia s special minister of state, said on Wednesday the government will seek to move the legislation through the senate again as soon as they have secured the necessary support.  We will keep working with all non-government senators to secure the necessary support,  Cormann told Australian Broadcasting Corporation radio. A spokeswoman for Australian immigration minister Peter Dutton said visa applications would now be considered under the previous rules. ",1
17082,U.S. says holds Myanmar military leaders accountable in Rohingya crisis,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Wednesday the United States held Myanmar s military leadership responsible for its harsh crackdown on the Rohingya Muslim minority. Tillerson, however, stopped short of saying whether the United States would take any action against Myanmar s military leaders over an offensive that has driven more than 500,000 Rohingya Muslims out of the country. Washington has worked hard to establish close ties with Myanmar s civilian-led government led by Nobel laureate and former dissident Aung San Suu Kyi in the face of competition from strategic rival China.  The world can t just stand idly by and be witness to the atrocities that are being reported in the area,  Tillerson told Washington s Center for Strategic and International Studies think tank.  We really hold the military leadership accountable for what s happening,  said Tillerson, who said the United States was  extraordinarily concerned  by the situation. Forty-three U.S. lawmakers urged the Trump administration to reimpose U.S. travel bans on Myanmar s military leaders and prepare targeted sanctions against those responsible for the crackdown. The request, in a letter to Tillerson from Republican and Democratic members of the House of Representatives, said Myanmar authorities  appear to be in denial of what has happened  and called for Washington to take  meaningful steps  against those who have committed human rights abuses. Rohingya Muslims have fled Myanmar in large numbers since late August when Rohingya insurgent attacks sparked a ferocious military response, with the fleeing people accusing security forces of arson, killings and rape. Tillerson said Washington understood Myanmar had a militancy problem, but the military had to be disciplined and restrained in the way it dealt with this and to allow access to the region  so that we can get a full accounting of the circumstances.   Someone, if these reports are true, is going to be held to account for that,  Tillerson said.  And it s up to the military  leadership of Burma to decide,  What direction do they want to play in the future of Burma?  Tillerson said Washington saw Myanmar, which is also known as Burma, as  an important emerging democracy,  but the Rohingya crisis was a test for the power-sharing government.  He said the United States would remain engaged, including ultimately at the United Nations  with the direction this takes.    The European Union and the United States have been considering targeted sanctions against Myanmar s military leadership. Punitive measures aimed specifically at top generals are among a range of options that have been discussed, but they are wary of action that could hurt the wider economy or destabilize already tense ties between Suu Kyi and the army. Tillerson also said he would visit New Delhi next week as the Trump administration sought to dramatically deepen cooperation with India in response to China s challenges to  international law and norms  in Asia. Tillerson said the administration had began a  quiet conversation  with some emerging East Asian democracies about creating alternatives to Chinese infrastructure financing.  ",1
17083,U.N. says still determining if Myanmar crisis is genocide,"GENEVA (Reuters) - The United Nations has yet to determine whether violence against Rohingya Muslims in Myanmar meets the legal definition of genocide, Jyoti Sanghera, Asia Pacific chief at the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights said on Wednesday. U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra ad al-Hussein has called the situation  a textbook example of ethnic cleansing , but he has not used the word genocide.  We are yet looking at the legal boundaries of that,  Sanghera said.  It could meet the boundaries, but we haven t yet made that legal determination at OHCHR.  A U.N. team took witness statements from Rohingya refugees last month, and another human rights mission is currently on the ground, gathering evidence from some of the 582,000 Rohingya who have fled into Bangladesh in the last two months.  The testimony gathered by the team referred to unspeakable horrors,  Sanghera told an audience at Geneva s Graduate Institute.  Even as I speak this evening the world is witnessing a horrific spectacle of massive forced displacement and suffering.  A few hundred thousand Rohingya are thought to remain in Myanmar s northern Rakhine state, she said.  The refugees described massive detention and systematic rape by Myanmar security forces, deliberate destruction of Rohingya villages so that people could not return, and deliberate targeting of cultural and religious leaders that aimed to  diminish Rohingya history, culture and knowledge , she said. Imams had their beards shaved or burnt off, and women and girls were raped inside mosques. Some refugees said their non-Rohingya neighbors had been given weapons and uniforms and worked in concert with the security forces.  Unsettled post-colonial questions and tensions fueled by colonial powers of the past have been exploited by the military junta in Myanmar to keep ethnic rivalries simmering,  Sanghera said.   Systematic and acute discrimination of the Rohingya Muslims continues to be kept alive by the democratically elected government of Aung San Suu Kyi, to a point referred to recently by the High Commissioner for Human Rights as  ethnic cleansing  of an entire people.  Designating the Rohingya as victims of genocide under a 1948 U.N. convention would increase pressure on the international community to take action to protect them, and could expose Myanmar officials to a greater threat of international justice. The U.N. convention, passed in the wake of the Nazi holocaust, requires countries to act to prevent and punish genocide, which it defines as any of a number of acts committed with the  intent to destroy, in whole or in part  a national, ethnic, racial or religious group. It is one of four categories of crimes subject to the jurisdiction of the International Criminal Court in the Hague. ",1
17084,Lawmakers urge U.S. to craft targeted sanctions on Myanmar military,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - More than 40 lawmakers urged the Trump administration on Wednesday to reimpose U.S. travel bans on Myanmar s military leaders and prepare targeted sanctions against those responsible for a crackdown on the country s Rohingya Muslim minority. In a letter sent to U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, a group of Republican and Democratic members of the House of Representatives called for  meaningful steps  against Myanmar s military and others who have committed human rights abuses in an offensive that has driven more than 500,000 Rohingya Muslims out of the Southeast Asian nation.  Burma s authorities appear to be in denial of what has happened,  stated the letter.  We urge you to do everything possible to ensure protection and security for those trapped inside Burma or willing to return, as well as oppose forcible returns from neighboring countries.  ",1
17085,U.S.-backed campaign against IS in eastern Syria to speed up: SDF militia,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - A U.S.-backed campaign against Islamic State in eastern Syria will accelerate now the jihadist group has been defeated in its former capital Raqqa, a spokesman for U.S.-allied Syrian militias said on Wednesday. The Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), which announced the defeat at Raqqa on Tuesday, will redeploy fighters from the city to frontlines with Islamic State in the eastern province of Deir al-Zor, Talal Silo told Reuters by telephone. Islamic State is already losing ground rapidly in Deir al-Zor, the last region where it has a significant foothold in Syria. The SDF and the Syrian government, backed by Russia and Iran, are fighting separate campaigns against the group there. Silo said the Raqqa victory would have a  positive impact  on the SDF s campaign in Deir al-Zor because it meant fighters could be redeployed as internal security forces take control of Raqqa.  Most of the military forces will head towards these areas to continue the participation in the campaign with the Deir al-Zor Military Council,  he said. The Council is a militia leading the SDF s campaign in the province.  This is all to the benefit of the campaign and accelerating the end of this campaign,  he said. The SDF s campaign has been focused on areas east of the Euphrates River, which bisects Deir al-Zor province. The government s campaign has focused mostly in areas to the west of the river. The U.S.-led coalition and Russian military are holding face-to-face deconfliction meetings   to prevent inadvertent clashes between planes and troops under their respective commands - though the campaigns have occasionally come into conflict near the Euphrates River.   The Syrian army and its allies are battling for control of the last remaining IS-held areas of Deir al-Zor city, and have also recently captured the town of al-Mayadin from IS. The U.S.-led coalition said it would be pushing further into Deir al-Zor province to clear remaining Islamic State fighters, but there is no plan for SDF fighters to move into Deir al-Zor city itself.   Our goal is to defeat (Islamic State) in Iraq and Syria and if there are still areas where they hold territory then we will do what we can to clear those areas,  Col. Ryan Dillon, the coalition spokesman, said. The last major Islamic State-held town in Deir al-Zor is Albu Kamal, which is the last Syrian town before the Iraqi border. ",1
17086,Brazil's Temer escapes corruption charges in committee vote,"BRASILIA (Reuters) - A congressional committee voted 39-26 on Wednesday to reject charges against Brazilian President Michel Temer stemming from a corruption case involving the world s largest meatpacker. The full lower house of Brazil s Congress still must vote on the charges but is expected to shelve them next week, sparing Temer from trial by the Supreme Court for alleged obstruction of justice and membership in a criminal organization.  Temer was accused of taking bribes and condoning the payment of hush money to a jailed politician in testimony by meatpacker Joesley Batista.  Temer has denied any wrongdoing and his lawyers argued that the case against him was flawed because it was based on an inconclusive recording that Batista secretly made of a conversation with the president. The lower chamber decides whether a Brazilian president can be put on trial. Two-thirds of its members must vote to approve a charge for it to move forward, a hurdle his opponents are not expected to clear. Temer survived an earlier corruption charge in the lower house in August in connection with the same graft scheme in which prosecutors accused him of arranging to receive a total of 38 million reais ($11.8 million) in bribes from JBS SA. In committee debates on Wednesday, opposition Congressman Alessandro Molon, of the center-left party called Sustainability Network, said Temer was part of a criminal organization that collected bribes. He accused the president of taking part in decisions on how the money was distributed. Workers Party lawmakers called for Temer to stand trial, saying the charges against him were more serious than those leveled at his predecessor Dilma Rousseff, who was impeached last year for a lesser crime of violating budget rules. But Temer s allies argued that the charges should be thrown out because the country needs Temer to serve out his mandate through the end of 2018 for political and economic stability. They said Temer has recovered Brazil from its worst recession, brought inflation under control, restored the purchasing power of Brazilian consumers and should stay in office to recover investor confidence. Presidential aides said Temer will now be able to get on with his economic policy agenda focused on boosting weak growth and bringing a bulging government budget deficit under control. The political capital and time Temer has spent defending himself, however, has delayed approval of a crucial overhaul of the pension system, the main cause of the fiscal deficit that cost Brazil s its investment-grade credit rating in 2015. Temer will be hard pressed to get the unpopular pension bill approved before the 2018 election year starts and promised reform of Brazil s burdensome tax system might is now unlikely.     ",1
17087,Canada's Trudeau defends finance minister amid ethics questions,"OTTAWA (Reuters) - Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau defended his finance minister on Wednesday amid criticism that Bill Morneau did not place his assets in a blind trust, moving to dampen a growing controversy that threatens to overshadow the government s agenda.      Questions about Morneau s potential conflict of interest follow weeks of backlash over the finance minister s attempt to reform small business taxes and have become a major stumbling block for Trudeau s two-year-old Liberal government.     Morneau, the multimillionaire former chief executive officer of human resources management firm Morneau Shepell Inc, asked on Tuesday to meet with the federal ethics watchdog to discuss his decision not to put his assets into a blind trust, as Trudeau himself has done.  The conflict of interest and ethics commissioner gave clear advice to the minister of finance, which he followed, and which he will continue to follow,  Trudeau said in parliament, declining to answer questions about when he knew Morneau had not used a blind trust. Morneau has said he sought the advice of Ethics Commissioner Mary Dawson to avoid conflicts of interest.  The troubled tax reform and focus on Morneau s personal wealth risk derailing the Liberal agenda just as the government heads into the second half of its four-year mandate facing newly elected opposition leaders. While Morneau has been a relatively low-profile finance minister, he has been the face of the government s plan to boost infrastructure spending, a project expected to boost economic growth and widely supported by financial market players. Marc Chandler, global head of currency strategy at Brown Brothers Harriman, said financial markets would be largely unaffected if Morneau leaves his job, as long as he is replaced by somebody with the same views and fiscal plans.  If you were to tell me that the criticism of him is really partly a veiled criticism of fiscal expansion strategy and that his demise could trigger a change in fiscal policy, it would be somewhat more important,  Chandler said, adding markets are more worried about the possible demise of NAFTA and future rate hikes by the Bank of Canada than the tempest over Morneau. Morneau is expected to provide a fall fiscal update soon, possibly as early as next week, forecasting a gradual reduction in the budget deficit from an estimated C$28.5 billion this year. He denied rumors in September that he was unhappy in his post, saying he has  enjoyed this job from day one,  but his rise from obscurity to the most scrutinized cabinet ministers has happened fast.  The problem is that to the extent people don t know much about Bill Morneau, they are learning about him now, and it s kind of all the wrong things,  said Ipsos Public Affairs pollster Darrell Bricker. Bricker said the Liberal lead over the Conservatives has been trimmed to just 3 or 4 percentage points in recent weeks, a surprising tightening given Trudeau s personal popularity at home and abroad. The next federal election is in 2019. A Morneau spokesman declined on Tuesday to say whether the minister holds any Morneau Shepell shares or what he did with his assets and holdings to guard against conflict of interest. According to public disclosure documents available through the office of the Ethics Commissioner, Morneau is full or part owner of two holding companies as well as several real estate holding companies, and is party to a conflict of interest screen to ensure he abstains from decisions related to his company. ",1
17088,Catalonia to press ahead with independence if Madrid suspends autonomy,"MADRID/BARCELONA (Reuters) - Catalonia s leader pledged to press ahead with his independence bid if Spain moves to suspend the region s autonomy, a regional government source said on Wednesday, hours before a deadline over keeping the euro zone s fourth-largest economy united. Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy has given Catalan president Carles Puigdemont until 10 a.m. (0800 GMT) on Thursday to renounce a secession bid which has rocked markets and rattled the euro, or face direct rule from Madrid. Puigdemont made a symbolic declaration of independence last week and promptly suspended it to ask for talks with Madrid. The source said he would now lift that suspension if Rajoy exercised so-called Article 155 of the Constitution to take back power.  The president said (at) his party s meeting that he will lift the suspension of the independence declaration if the government executes Article 155,  the source said. That article, which has never been used during Spain s four decades of democracy, allows central government to take over any of its 17 autonomous communities if they break the law, which Madrid says Catalonia has done by holding a referendum on independence and pushing for a break-up. Even though it is not clear what direct rule will look like, the prospect has raised fears that social unrest could add to the turbulence, on the heels of an exodus of hundreds of Catalan firms and cuts to economic growth forecasts.  In the latest grim prediction, Spain s independent budget watchdog warned this week that continued uncertainty could wipe as much as 12 billion euros off potential economic growth next year, cutting forecasts by between 0.4 and 1.2 percentage points. Catalonia accounts for 20 percent of Spain s GDP. If Rajoy triggers the article on Thursday, it will take between three and five days for the government in the wealthy region to be effectively stripped of its powers.   If autonomy is suspended we will have to move in a hurry,  the source said.  Disappointed that last week s declaration was merely symbolic, pro-independence parties in Puigdemont s ruling coalition are now pushing for a formal vote in the Catalan parliament. Earlier on Wednesday, Rajoy urged Puigdemont to  act sensibly  and scrap the bid or risk direct rule, a move which would need only a vote in Spain s upper house, where Rajoy s People s Party holds an absolute majority. The premier repeated a call for clarity on the matter.  It s not that difficult to reply to the question: Has Catalonia declared independence? Because if it has, the government is obliged to act in one way, and if it has not, we can talk here,  Rajoy said in parliament.    A central government source later said Madrid viewed a formal independence declaration as  unacceptable blackmail . Since an Oct. 1 independence referendum which Madrid branded illegal, some 700 companies have moved their head offices from Catalonia, according to Spain s companies registry. Despite a violent crackdown by Spanish police to thwart the vote, Catalan officials say 43 percent of voters still managed to cast ballots in the referendum with 90 percent in favor of breaking away.  Banco Sabadell, Spain s fifth-biggest bank, is considering moving its top management to Madrid. Tourism, a vital part of the Catalan economy centred on its seaside capital Barcelona, has also taken a hit, with activity falling 15 percent so far this month, industry association Exceltur said on Tuesday. The region s tourism industry could make 1.8 billion euros ($2.12 billion) less than usual in the fourth quarter  if the volatility and confrontation get worse in the coming months , Exceltur said in a statement. Authoritative Catalan newspaper La Vanguardia reported that Madrid plans to appoint its own delegates to run regional government departments. Puigdemont would remain nominally in his role but stripped of all powers. Foreign Minister Alfonso Dastis said last week that it was not clear what measures the government would take if direct rule were imposed, but said the government would work on it.  La Vanguardia said Puigdemont, a 54-year-old former journalist, was mulling declaring independence and calling so-called constituent elections for the newly declared republic. But Catalan foreign affairs chief Raul Romeva told a news conference in Brussels:  Elections are not on the table now.  Tempers have flared since the jailing on Monday of two separatist leaders, pending an investigation for alleged sedition.  Tens of thousands of protesters gathered along Barcelona s Diagonal Avenue on Tuesday to call for their release, whistling and shouting  freedom  and  out with the occupying forces . ",1
17089,Catalan foreign affairs chief says not planning regional snap elections,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Catalonia s regional government is not planning to hold a snap election following a disputed independence referendum, the region s foreign affairs chief said.  Elections are not on the table now,  Raul Romeva told a new conference in Brussels on Wednesday. ",1
17090,Spain summons Venezuela Ambassador after Maduro's Catalonia comments,"MADRID (Reuters) - Spain has summoned the Venezuela ambassador in Madrid to explain comments made by the Latin American country s President Nicolas Maduro on the situation in Catalonia, the Spanish foreign ministry said on Wednesday. On Tuesday, Maduro said that Spain was holding political prisoners after the arrest of two Catalan civic leaders accused by prosecutors of sedition related to protests that last month trapped national police inside a Barcelona building and destroyed their vehicles. ",1
17091,Chile presidential hopeful Pinera vows to double economic growth,"SANTIAGO (Reuters) - Chile s conservative presidential candidate Sebastian Pinera on Wednesday promised to double economic growth and by 2025 make the country the first in Latin American to achieve  developed nation  status. Pinera said he would increase investment and eventually cut corporate taxes in his bid to expand Chile s economy. The country is currently judged an upper-middle-income nation by the World Bank and would have to lift per-capita income to join the group of economies termed  developed . Long the front-runner in November s election, recent polls show Pinera, 67, has increased his lead over his nearest opponent, center-left Senator Alejandro Guillier. Speaking at a news conference, Pinera said he would double growth after a four year period under President Michelle Bachelet in which Chile s economy slowed to an average annual rate of 1.8 percent expansion due to declining investment.  Pinera, who was president from 2010 to 2014, is strongly backed by the business community in Chile, Latin America s wealthiest country on a gross domestic product per capita basis. To triumph in a likely December run-off he will need to address middle-class demands for the country s affluence to be more fairly distributed.   Our mission, by 2025, is to see Chile become the first country in Latin America to reach developed nation status,  Pinera said. He also promised to leverage future growth to eradicate poverty and better share wealth.  Bachelet s tax and labor reforms - a hallmark of her center-left administration - have received a lukewarm reception across the political spectrum. Leftists complain the reforms are too timid and the conservative opposition says they have stoked market uncertainty and crimped private investment. Pinera promised to simplify Bachelet s tax reform to promote investment and balance the budget within six to eight years.   We re striving for a corporate tax rate comparable to that of OECD countries,  Pinera said. Chile s corporate tax rate in 2018 was 27 percent, compared to the OECD average of 24-25 percent. A recent spike in the price of copper, Chile s main export, has started to boost the country s coffers, leading the government to estimate higher growth of 3 percent next year up from 1.5 percent this year.  ",1
17092,Tillerson to visit Pakistan as well as India: senior U.S. official,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson will Pakistan next week during an Asian trip that will also take him to the country s rival India, a senior official at the U.S. State Department said on Wednesday.     ",1
17093,Canada's Quebec province to ban face coverings in public sector,"QUEBEC CITY, Quebec (Reuters) - Quebec will ban face coverings for people giving or receiving provincial government services under a law passed on Wednesday that rights groups have criticized as marginalizing Muslim women in the mainly French-speaking Canadian province. While the law, which takes effect by July 1, 2018, does not specify which face coverings are prohibited, the debate has largely focused on the niqab worn by some Muslim women, which covers everything but the eyes. People affected by the law would include public-sector employees such as teachers, police officers, hospital and daycare workers. Like France, which passed a ban on veils, crosses and other religious symbols in schools in 2004, Quebec has struggled to reconcile its secular identity with a growing Muslim population, many of them North African emigrants.  We are just saying that for reasons linked to communication, identification and safety, public services should be given and received with an open face,  Quebec Premier Philippe Couillard told reporters in the province s National Assembly.   We are in a free and democratic society. You speak to me, I should see your face, and you should see mine. It s as simple as that,  he said. The National Council of Canadian Muslims said it was deeply concerned by the law s passage and was looking at its legal options.   This legislation is an unjustified infringement of religious freedoms,  said executive director Ihsaan Gardee. The law allows for exemptions under certain circumstances, although it did not provide details. Regulations setting out how the new law will be enforced are yet to come.  Asked in the federal parliament whether he would challenge the law, Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, who represents a Montreal district, said he would continue to ensure all Canadians are protected by the country s charter of rights and freedoms,  while respecting the choices that different legislative assemblies can make.  France, Belgium, the Netherlands, Bulgaria and the German state of Bavaria have imposed restrictions on the wearing of full-face veils in public places, with Denmark on track to set its own ban. Right-wing extremist groups and some local French-speaking media in recent years have targeted Quebec s Muslims as part of a broader debate on the accommodation of religious and cultural minorities in the province. Incidents of Islamophobia have increased in Quebec in recent years. In January, six people were killed in a shooting at a Quebec City mosque. A French-Canadian university student has been charged as the sole suspect. ",1
17094,"Venezuela opposition refuses swearing in, small protest breaks out","CARACAS/PUERTO ORDAZ, Venezuela (Reuters) - Venezuela s opposition refused on Wednesday to swear in newly-elected governors before a pro-government legislative superbody it deems unconstitutional, as a small protest broke out in southern Bolivar state over fraud allegations. The pro-government electoral council announced in the middle of the night that the ruling socialists had won the Bolivar governorship, meaning President Nicolas Maduro s government took 18 of 23 states in Sunday s vote. Polls had put the opposition far ahead, and anti-Maduro politicians have alleged a litany of dirty tricks including switching electoral centers to dangerous areas at the eleventh hour and gross abuse of state resources.  However, they have failed to give evidence of ballot-tampering, and some opposition candidates have conceded they lost due to high abstention in their demoralized ranks.  Still, the disparate opposition coalition said its five winning candidates would not be sworn in by the controversial legislative superbody known as the Constituent Assembly.   The governors-elect will only be sworn in as established in the constitution and the laws of the Republic,  the Democratic Unity coalition said in a statement on Wednesday. Leftist Maduro has previously said that governors not sworn in by the pro-government legislative body will not be allowed to take their posts in a country reeling from widespread food and medicine shortages, a collapsing currency and soaring inflation.  He described Venezuela s electoral system as the world s most secure and slammed U.S. President Donald Trump and other foreign leaders who questioned the veracity of the vote. Bolivar became a flashpoint after the electoral council briefly showed the opposition winning on its web site Sunday night before proclaiming the Socialist Party candidate as winner in the early hours of Wednesday.  Opposition candidate Andres Velasquez accused the electoral council of invalidating some ballots cast for him.  Pockets of his supporters protested outside the electoral board s offices in state capital Ciudad Bolivar, with some clashes breaking out on Monday and Tuesday. Some 50 people rallied on Wednesday, though the protest quickly fizzled.   I am going to demonstrate to the world that this electoral process is fraudulent,  Velasquez told local radio in Bolivar, home to many of Venezuela s gold and diamond mines. However, nationwide protest like those that rocked Venezuela for four months earlier this year are not expected, given fatigue and disappointment among demonstrators. The perennially divided opposition is in disarray after Sunday s election, with some leaders calling fraud and others conceding defeat, often in uncoordinated press statements.  Sunday s election has left the socialists more confident of winning a presidential vote expected in late 2018.  ",1
17095,Four killed in Togo as protesters clash with security forces,"LOME (Reuters) - Four people were killed in Togo on Wednesday in clashes between security forces and demonstrators calling for an end to a half century of Gnassingbe family rule, the security minister said. Opposition activists have been demonstrating since August against Gnassingbe s administration and say a constitutional reform he has proposed would allow him to rule the West African country until 2030. Colonel Damehame Yark, the security and civil protection minister, told a news conference that one person was shot dead and around sixty others arrested in the capital, Lome. Another three died of gunshot wounds in the second-biggest city, Sokode.  These are too many deaths. We d be wise to preserve the peace,  he said.  The latest bout of protests followed the arrest in Sokode on Monday of a Muslim imam accused of urging his followers to murder soldiers. Clashes erupted after the arrest. A crowd killed two soldiers and one other person died in unspecified circumstances, the government said in a statement. About 20 other people were injured, it added.  The deaths reignited a mass protest movement against President Faure Gnassingbe, who succeeded his late father Gnassingbe Eyadema in 2005.  The protesters are calling for his resignation.  We deplore this toll and we say that backing down is out of the question. Despite what we have suffered, we will maintain our call for protests tomorrow,  said Brigitte Adjamagbo, one of the leaders of the opposition movement.  She said the coalition was aware of two people killed, including an 11-year-old child, as well as twenty others who were seriously injured and dozens of arrests. In a bid to curb demonstrations, the government has banned marches and mass protests on weekdays. But young protesters in Be, a working-class neighborhood in eastern Lome, defied the ban on Wednesday. They erected barricades with bricks and burning tyres and threw stones at security forces, who responded with volleys of tear gas.   This is our last bastion,  shouted one demonstrator, Ayi Koffi.  We have no arms, no gas. We do not have cars to pick up people. We have come out barehanded to say, enough!  In a statement, the International Organisation of La Francophonie, a group comprised mainly of French-speaking countries including Paris s former colonies, said that nothing justified the violence.  Dialogue must be prioritised in all circumstances,  it said. The controversial constitutional reform will be decided by popular referendum after the bill failed to win approval from parliament following a boycott by opposition lawmakers last month.  ",1
17096,Syrian militant group releases video of leader apparently uninjured,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Two weeks after Russia said it had critically injured the leader of the Tahrir al-Sham militant group in Syria, an undated video was published on Wednesday, purporting to show its leader Abu Mohamad al-Golani, apparently in good health. The video showed Golani lecturing his fighters and played scenes of militants in battle. After the reported strike earlier this month, a Russian Defence Ministry spokesman said Golani had lost an arm and was in critical condition. Russia is an ally of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.  Previously called the Nusra Front, the group severed ties with al Qaeda last year and in January re-branded itself as leading force in the Hayat Tahrir al-Sham alliance. Opposed to the Syrian government, the jihadist group is the dominant faction in the northwestern rebel-held province of Idlib. ",1
17097,U.N. chief pushes for 900 more peacekeepers in Central Africa,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Amid a U.S. push to cut United Nations peacekeeping costs, Secretary-General Antonio Guterres said on Wednesday he hoped the U.N. Security Council would agree to send an extra 900 troops to protect civilians in Central African Republic. Guterres, who will visit Central African Republic next week, told reporters that while peacekeepers had  helped avert the worst  when mass atrocities were being committed in the country five years ago, the situation remained  very troubling.   Across the country, communal tensions are growing. Violence is spreading. And the humanitarian situation is deteriorating,  Guterres said.  There is a need to increase the capacity of our troops in Central African Republic to protect civilians.   I am convinced there will be a very positive understanding of all the members of the Security Council, including the United States of America, in relation to this,  he said.  Thousands have died and a fifth of Central Africans have fled a conflict that broke out after mainly Muslim Seleka rebels ousted President Francois Bozize in 2013, provoking a backlash from Christian anti-balaka militias. Although unrest has since subsided, fighting has spiked this year and the United Nations warned that ethnic fighting could descend again into a much larger conflict. U.N. peacekeepers were deployed in 2014 and the Security Council is due to renew the mandate for the mission of more than 12,000 troops and police by mid-November. In a report to the council on Tuesday, Guterres recommended an extra 900 troops.  U.S. Ambassador Nikki Haley has led a push to cut peacekeeping costs and is reviewing each operation as annual mandates come up for renewal by the Security Council. President Donald Trump wants to cap the U.S. share of the peacekeeping bill at 25 percent, down from 28.5 percent, a level he says is  unfair.  The United States is a veto-wielding member of the council, along with Britain, France, Russia and China. There are currently more than a dozen peacekeeping missions with a total annual budget of more than $7.3 billion. Guterres has pledged to make U.N. peacekeeping more efficient but has noted that the current budget to fund it is less than one half of 1 percent of global military spending. U.N. peacekeepers in Central African Republic have also been dogged by allegations of sexual abuse that the world body has been working to address.  I am pained that some peacekeepers are alleged to have committed egregious acts of sexual exploitation and abuse against the people of the Central African Republic,  Guterres said. ",1
17098,'Where are the others?': Somalia praises 'genuine brother' Turkey for bombs response,"MOGADISHU (Reuters) - Turkey s swift response to Somalia s deadliest truck bombing drew praise from survivors and officials who called Ankara their  only genuine  international partner. It is an implicit challenge to Western backers that spend billions on security but have not, in the view of many Somalis; jumped to help.  Whenever there is a problem, Turkey helps us. Where are the other countries?  runs a popular cartoon circulating on Somali social media.  Within 48 hours of the huge twin explosions that hit Mogadishu on Saturday, a Turkish air ambulance had landed in the battle-scarred capital and picked up dozens of wounded Somalis to transport them to Turkey for free medical treatment. Its health minister also pitched up with surgeons who set to work at once in hospitals alongside Somali doctors and nurses. Ankara has invested heavily in Somalia over the past five years, with one eye on rich economic pickings should stability ever return and the other on burnishing President Tayyip Erdogan s image of Turkey as a global promoter of compassionate Islam.  Turkey is the best friend to Somalia and they were the first supporter to us after the blast,  said Abdiasis Ahmed, a jobless university graduate who said four friends had been airlifted out, one with a broken back. At least 300 people were killed in the blasts and more than 400 injured. Although Islamist al Shabaab militants were pushed out of Mogadishu in 2011, Saturday s attack - which al Shabaab has not claimed - shows the dangers still facing the capital. Many Somalis contrasted Ankara s response with that of the European Union, which has a naval force including combat ships equipped with emergency medical systems off Mogadishu s shore to deter piracy, but which did not take in casualties.  I ve heard a lot of complaints from Somalis saying  There s a huge Western navy on our shores - why can t those people come to help us? ,  said Rashid Abdi, a Nairobi-based Somalia analyst at International Crisis Group, a think-tank. A spokesman from the naval force said the force had diverted its nearest vessel, a Spanish ship, that delivered equipment and medical supplies once it reached the Somali coastline. He said the maritime area the force covers is  vast  but the ship arrived Mogadishu  as quickly as possible.   A tweet from the naval force earlier on Wednesday said it was providing  vital medical aid  for the victims. Senior officials also compared the speed and scale of Turkey s assistance with that of Somalia s foreign partners, including neighbors Kenya and Djibouti and the United States and the United Nations. Mogadishu mayor Thabit Mohamed tweeted on Monday that he was grateful for Turkey s  immediate response  and  relief for victims , compared with a  Thanks for standing with #Mogadishu  tweet 24 hours later aimed at the U.S. Embassy.  Turkey is always first to help us. They are our only genuine brother,  Information minister Abdirahman Omar Osman told Reuters, recalling a personal visit by Erdogan in 2011, when Somalia was in the grip of famine.  Their support is visible to everyone. They build hospitals, they build schools, and that s why they are different than others,  he said.  Others might give more money but Turkey is perceived by the people to be the ones really helping Somalia.  ",1
17099,Activists set talks with Chevron on Myanmar rights concerns,"BOSTON/HOUSTON (Reuters) - Shareholder activists will speak with Chevron Corp (CVX.N) next week to request the energy giant use its influence with the government of Myanmar to press for a resolution of ethnic violence that has led to a refugee crisis. Joshua Brockwell, communications director for Azzad Asset Management, said the firm and other activist investors planned to press Chevron executives on Oct. 25 to discuss a letter they sent that also asked the company to consider cutting ties with  governments complicit in genocide.   Chevron, the second-largest U.S.-based oil producer, does business in Myanmar through a subsidiary, Unocal Myanmar Offshore Co Ltd. It has projects that include a minority interest in natural gas production and a pipeline, according to the company s website. Asked about Azzad s concerns, Chevron spokesman Melissa Ritchie said  Chevron conducts our business in a responsible manner, respecting the law and universal human rights to benefit the communities where we work, including Myanmar.   In our experience, peace, stability and the protection of human rights provide the best foundation for the economic development of a region and associated improvement in living conditions for communities,  she said via e-mail, confirming that the company would speak to the investors. More than 536,000 Rohingya Muslims have fled Myanmar since Aug. 25, when coordinated Rohingya insurgent attacks sparked a ferocious military response, with the fleeing people accusing security forces of arson, killings and rape. [nL4N1MR38G] In September the United Nations  top human rights official accused Myanmar of conducting a  cruel military operation   against Rohingya Muslims in Rakhine state, calling it  a textbook example of ethnic cleansing.  Azzad s Brockwell said his firm was  growing increasingly concerned over the lack of a constructive response from Chevron  on its requests since the letter was sent, in August.  Brockwell said it might also file a shareholder resolution for Chevron s next annual meeting, similar to one Azzad and others filed for its 2017 meeting in May. That resolution called for a report evaluating whether Chevron should stop doing business with governments complicit in genocide or crimes against humanity. The resolution received support from 6 percent of shares voted. In addition to Azzad, an Islamic finance firm, the other lead filer of the resolution was a Catholic religious order, the Ursuline Sisters of Tildonk. Simon Billenness, executive director of International Campaign for the Rohingya, a Washington, D.C., advocacy group, said it planned to send similar letters to other companies doing business in Myanmar, signed by shareholders in those companies. ",1
17100,Catalonia to formally declare independence if Spain suspends regional autonomy: source,"MADRID (Reuters) - Catalonia s regional president told a meeting of his party he would formally declare independence if Spain starts the process of suspending the region s autonomy on Thursday, a Catalan government source said on Wednesday.  Madrid has given Thursday as a deadline for the regional government to back down from a symbolic independence declaration made last week, or face direct rule from the capital. If Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy moves to apply direct rule on Thursday, it will take between three and five days for regional autonomy to be effectively suspended.    ",1
17101,German coalition talks: 'Road to Jamaica is long',"BERLIN (Reuters) - German politicians seeking to form a first of a kind coalition of conservatives, liberals and leftist environmentalists agreed on one thing after their first talks on Wednesday: it s going to take a while. Chancellor Angela Merkel s  Christian Democrats (CDU) and their Bavarian Christian Social Union (CSU) partners held separate talks first with the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) and later with the Greens. Their party colors - black, yellow and green - match those of the Jamaican flag and have given name to the proposed coalition.  If you look in the atlas, the road to Jamaica is long,  said CSU General Secretary Andreas Scheuer after his party and the CDU met with the Greens. Setting the stage for tough talks that could take several months, politicians from all parties have set out their stall, narrowing room for compromise in areas from immigration to the European Union and environmental policy. After the first two-hour meeting, general secretaries from the two conservative parties and the FDP emerged, smiling, to tell reporters the talks had been positive.  It was a good exchange, at times nice and above all mutually respectful and joyful,  Scheuer said. Separate talks between the conservatives and the Greens appeared to have been less joyful. Straight-faced representatives of the CDU, CSU and Greens told reporters the meeting had been positive but made clear that it would take a long time to nail down an agreement.  CDU General-Secretary Peter Tauber said both meetings, with the FDP and Greens, were  good.  Merkel, whose conservatives bled support to the far right in the Sept. 24 election, warned her parliamentary party on Tuesday they would have to compromise. Chancellor for 12 years and known as a skilled negotiator, she angered many voters over her open-door migrant policy and her conservatives saw their worst election result since 1949. She has said she expects a government to be in place by Christmas, but others say January is more likely, pointing to a months-long policy standstill in Europe s biggest economy. The prospect of a minority government or new election hangs over the talks, a scenario Merkel wants to avoid due to fears the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD) could make bigger gains.  It is totally conceivable that before Christmas or in January we say that the whole thing is pointless and we ll talk to the Social Democrats (SPD),  Peter Ramsauer, a senior CSU member not on the negotiating team, told Deutschlandfunk radio. The SPD, which suffered its worst result since 1933, has said it will go into opposition. The parties recognize it will not be easy.  The first steps on this path went well, in an objective, solution-oriented atmosphere,  said FDP General Secretary Nicola Beer.  We agreed that some of us might need to be creative to continue on this path in this way.  The talks   which will continue on Thursday and Friday   focused on building trust and agreeing a format for future talks rather than tackling hard policies.  One of which will be immigration.  Merkel, further weakened on Sunday by losses in a state election, has already had to give way to the CSU on immigration, effectively bowing to a demand to limit the number of people allowed into Germany. That may be unacceptable to the Greens.  ",1
17102,Billionaire Branson targeted in $5 million scam 'straight out of le Carre',"LONDON (Reuters) - Richard Branson, billionaire founder of the Virgin group, has revealed he was targeted by a fraudster posing as Britain s defense minister who tried to get him to contribute $5 million to a supposed secret ransom payment. Appealing for information to help identify the conman, Branson said he suspected the same person had later impersonated him to steal $2 million from a friend of his by pretending to raise funds for people affected by Hurricane Irma.  This story sounds like it has come straight out of a John le Carre book or a James Bond film, but it is sadly all true,  Branson wrote in a blog. Instantly recognizable with his wavy blond hair and beard, Branson is one of Britain s best-known businessmen. The Virgin brand is licensed for use by a range of businesses from airlines to train companies to telecoms and gyms. Branson wrote that six months ago, after an elaborate set-up involving a note on fake government notepaper, he spoke on the phone to someone purporting to be Defence Secretary Michael Fallon. The man told Branson that a British diplomat had been kidnapped and was being held for ransom by terrorists. He said that while the government did not pay ransoms, there was a particularly sensitive reason why the diplomat had to be saved, and the government was confidentially asking a syndicate of British business people to step in.  I was asked to contribute $5 million of the ransom money, which he assured me the British government would find a way of paying back,  Branson wrote. Feeling suspicious, Branson checked with the government and was told that Fallon had not spoken to him. The matter was reported to the police. Six months on, Branson learnt that a friend, whom he described as a very successful businessman in the United States, had been called by a conman posing as him.  When the call happened, the conman did an extremely accurate impression of me and spun a big lie about urgently needing a loan while I was trying to mobilize aid in the BVI (British Virgin Islands),  he wrote. Branson owns a small island in the BVI archipelago which, as was well publicized, was devastated by Hurricane Irma. The caller took advantage of that context.  They claimed I couldn t get hold of my bank in the UK because I didn t have any communications going to Europe and I d only just managed to make a satellite call to the businessman in America,  Branson wrote.  The business person, incredibly graciously, gave $2 million, which promptly disappeared.  A spokesman for Fallon said he was aware of two attempts, one not involving Branson, to impersonate the minister for illicit gain, and Fallon s office were assisting the police in their efforts to try to catch those responsible. ",1
17103,UK lawmakers vent anger at PM May's fragile government over welfare reform,"LONDON (Reuters) - Lawmakers from Britain s ruling Conservative Party vented their anger on Wednesday against Prime Minister Theresa May s pursuit of welfare reforms, reinforcing doubts about her authority over a party divided by Brexit.  Several members of May s party spoke out against the government during a symbolic debate in parliament by demanding changes or even an outright halt to the implementation of a new welfare payment system which has been dogged by design problems. May leads a minority government, propped up by a small Northern Irish party, faced with the task of delivering a smooth departure from the European Union - something which requires a deeply split parliament to approve large amounts of new legislation. The opposition Labour Party won a symbolic vote on a motion calling for the welfare plan to be paused, but May s party avoided a full blown public rebellion by ordering its lawmakers to abstain, thereby masking the extent of internal unrest.  The Labour motion passed by 299 votes to zero with one Conservative rebel, but does not force the government to act.    Nevertheless, Conservative lawmakers openly criticized the government s approach and demanded changes during the debate  Why are we undermining a policy with the potential to change lives for the better by not addressing a fundamental flaw at its heart?  said Sarah Wollaston, the only Conservative lawmaker to formally vote against the government s orders. The defeat comes as ahead of debates on Brexit legislation, which had been expected to start this week but have yet to be scheduled. Ministers are sifting through hundreds of proposed changes, some of which are backed by enough Conservative lawmakers to inflict a more damaging defeat on May s government.  Labour, which wants to topple May s government and take control of the troubled Brexit process, had urged Conservative lawmakers to rebel on the welfare vote and later called the tactical abstention a sign of the government s weakness.  Yet again the prime minister and the Tories (Conservatives) cannot command a majority in the House of Commons. The prime minister is in office but not in power,  said Labour s welfare spokeswoman Debbie Abrahams after the vote. Welfare minister David Gauke accused the Labour Party of trying to wreck the reforms and vowed to listen to lawmakers  concerns but proceed with the policy. The welfare reform, known as  Universal Credit , is designed to simplify payments to claimants by consolidating six different types of state benefits into one.  The policy was first implemented for a small number of claimants in 2013 under May s predecessor David Cameron, but the expansion of the program to more people has been beset by long delays and criticism that it risks harming vulnerable citizens. The government is pressing ahead with the latest phase of the program despite concerns voiced by lawmakers from all parties that claimants must wait six weeks for payment. The government says they have taken measures to stop this happening. ",1
17104,Norway to appoint first woman foreign minister: reports,"OSLO (Reuters) - Norwegian Defence Minister Ine Eriksen Soereide will on Friday be named minister of foreign affairs, making her the first woman to hold the post, local media reported on Wednesday. If confirmed, she will replace Boerge Brende, who last month was appointed president of the World Economic Forum. Citing unnamed sources, public broadcaster NRK and independent TV2 both reported that Conservative Prime Minister Erna Solberg would promote Eriksen Soereide to the Foreign Ministry post. The appointment would leave the top three government jobs, that of prime minister, foreign minister and finance minister, in the hands of women. ",1
17105,Maltese prime minister promises reward to uncover journalist killer,"VALLETTA (Reuters) - Prime Minister Joseph Muscat offered on Wednesday a major reward to anyone with information about the killing of prominent journalist Daphne Caruana Galizia, saying no expense would be spared in solving the crime. Caruana Galizia, who regularly lambasted Muscat in her popular blogs, was killed on Monday by a bomb, which tore apart her car as she was driving away from her home on this southern Mediterranean island. Dutch forensic experts and investigators from the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) are helping the local police probe the murder, which shocked Malta and drew condemnation from around Europe.  We will make sure our investigators have all the resources they need and all the foreign expertise necessary to get to the bottom of this,  Muscat told Reuters in his office, housed in an 18th century baroque palace. Shortly afterwards, Muscat told parliament his government would offer a  substantial and unprecedented reward  for information about the crime and said any informants would be given full legal protection. He gave no further details. Muscat, who easily won re-election in June after calling a snap vote in response to Caruana Galizia s charges of corruption, said he would not stand down, but acknowledged that the killing had hurt the country s reputation.  This has done no good for sure. But, we want to show people that this is not us. This is not what we stand for.   Forensic teams on Wednesday combed the crime scene for evidence, with body parts and fragments of the car blown across a wide area by the powerful blast. Police have yet to give any information about their findings to date. Caruana Galizia s son Matthew denounced Muscat in a fierce outburst on Tuesday, saying he had allowed a  culture of impunity  to take root in Malta, undermining both the judiciary and the police during his five years in office. Muscat, who earlier this year sued Caruana Galizia over her allegations of financial wrongdoing within his family, played down the son s criticism.  I think I would have said worse things if I had found my mother butchered in a car explosion, so I would not take exception at what he said,  he said. However, he rejected criticism that he had allowed wealthy foreigners to hold great sway over Malta, which has a population of some 400,000 and is the smallest European Union nation. His government has encouraged foreign firms to set up subsidiaries to take advantage of low tax rates, has allowed a rapid proliferation of online gaming firms and instigated a scheme to let wealthy outsiders buy Maltese passports.  Our economy is heavily diversified,  he said.  I think our financial services sector is as transparent, solid and compliant as any other European jurisdiction.  Opposition leader Adrian Delia, himself a recent target of Caruana Galizia s verbal assaults, has demanded the resignation of Muscat, accusing him of destroying the rule of law in Malta. ",1
17106,EU leaders to call for end to North Korea's weapons program: draft,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - European Union leaders will demand on Thursday that North Korea end its nuclear and ballistic weapons program, according to the draft final statement of an EU summit. The statement, to be delivered after a discussion among leaders on Thursday evening, will follow the latest EU sanctions agreed on Monday by foreign ministers, which go beyond United Nations measures. Leaders will tell Pyongyang  to abandon its nuclear and ballistic missile programs in a complete, verifiable and irreversible manner , the draft said. Leaders will also say they are ready to consider further measures, without specifying what they might be. Diplomats said they could include sanctions on non-EU countries still doing business with Pyongyang. Among other steps, the European Union has now banned the sale of oil and oil products to North Korea, although that is largely symbolic, aimed at encouraging countries that have more significant levels of trade with the country to follow suit. China and Russia have resisted an outright ban on crude exports. The EU has imposed a blanket ban on doing business with North Korea.  ",1
17107,EU looks for 'big pot of money' to handle migration,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - European Union leaders will promise during talks in Brussels   sufficient and targeted funding  for migration projects in Africa and elsewhere, according to a draft statement that shows they have yet to put their money where their mouth is.  The EU has spent billions of euros in recent years on keeping a lid on immigration from the Middle East and Africa after a 2015 peak in arrivals overwhelmed the bloc and fueled support for populist, right-wing and anti-immigration groups.     In 2016, the EU promised Turkey at least 3 billion euros over two years for the Syrian refugees it hosts in exchange for Ankara cutting off the migratory route to Greece. It has so far contracted to pay nearly 1.7 billion of that and disbursed 900 million.  The bloc has been giving money to Greece and Italy, the main EU countries of arrival for refugees and migrants crossing the Mediterranean, spending on tightening external borders, as well as financing more deportations from Europe and providing training and equipment to the Libyan border and coast guard. Italy has led EU s efforts on the lawless Libya, where the bloc is also funding U.N. programs to send people back home further south in Africa - so that they do not try to cross to Europe - and improve the miserable conditions in camps where migrants are often stuck. The bloc decided to sponsor many other projects in Africa, including in Niger, to promote growth and slow emigration. But EU governments have been slow to chip in to the so-called Africa Trust Fund, with one senior EU diplomat saying on Wednesday the shortfall is in the  high tens of millions  of euros.       If the situation is not fixed quickly, we might find ourselves in a position that we cannot carry out our policies,  the diplomat said.  Some EU states have been hesitant to pay, saying not all projects proposed under the Africa scheme were clearly tied to keeping a lid on migration to Europe, or complaining about funds going to waste because of mismanagement or corruption.   You need to know what that money will be spent on and that has not been entirely clear so far. You need to know who will benefit from this money,  another senior EU diplomat said.  An EU official summed up the atmosphere around the table by saying:  There is no trust in the Africa Trust Fund.   Asked what does the EU - which will hold a high-profile summit with African partners in Abidjan on Nov.28-29 - need to solve this headache, the person added:  A big pot of money.  Beyond discussing financing to keep immigration to the bloc under control, EU leaders meeting in Brussels on Thursday and Friday will praise Italy for its efforts in Libya The EU has faced heavy criticism from rights groups that the bloc is turning into a fortress, deprives refugees and migrants of their rights and exposes them to even more suffering. Brussels says investing in Africa could help prevent migrants from seeking to trek north and risk their lives in deadly crossings through the Sahara and the Mediterranean. After more than a million people crossed the sea in 2015, the number stood at 363,000 in 2016 and is below 160,000 so far this year, according to data from the United Nations and EU border agency Frontex. Frontex said on Wednesday the 156,000 arrivals this year via all four main routes - leading to Greece, Italy, Spain and south-east EU states - mark a two-third fall from a year ago. With emotions surrounding migration having subsided somewhat from the 2015 peak, EU leaders will also touch on how to handle those asylum-seekers who make it onto European shores, an issue that has divided them for two years now.  Frontline southern states and wealthy countries that receive most asylum seekers have sought to require other countries to take more in; eastern EU members have refused. Estonia, currently the bloc s rotating chairman, will make anther proposal at squaring the circle days after the summit.   The positions have not changed much but there is a slight shift maybe for a broad agreement,  another senior EU diplomat said.  Sources said the proposal to reform the bloc s asylum rules will still include some version of an obligatory or automated relocation scheme for times of high arrivals. That has long been opposed by Poland, Slovakia, Hungary and the Czech Republic, and may be too watered down to win backing from Greece or Italy. ",1
17108,Somalis defy police to protest against deadly truck bombings,"MOGADISHU (Reuters) - Thousands of Somalis demonstrated on Wednesday against those behind bombings that killed more than 300 people, defying police who opened fire to keep them away from the site where their loved-ones were killed. The twin blasts in the heart of Mogadishu on Saturday also injured more than 400 in what were the country s deadliest truck bombings. Police initially opened fire to prevent people from accessing the rubble-strewn scene of the attack, injuring at least two people, the emergency response service said. But, overwhelmed by the number of people, they eventually let thousands of protesters gather at the site. Residents said they had never seen such a big protest in the city.  We are demonstrating against the terrorists that massacred our people. We entered the road by force,  said Halima Abdullahi, a mother who lost six of her relatives in the attacks. The Islamist militant group al Shabaab, which began an insurgency in 2007, has not claimed responsibility, but the method and type of attack - a large truck bomb - is increasingly used by the al Qaeda-linked organization. Mohamed Ali, a police captain at the scene, said it was fine for protesters to access the site to express their grief.  For some who could not see their relatives alive or dead, the only chance they have is to at least see the spot where their beloved were killed,  he told Reuters. Later President Mohamed Abdullahi Mohamed addressed demonstrators at a football field in the city and called on Somalis to join the national army.  Take your guns and let s liberate our country. Come forward for recruitment (into) government forces in order to fight and eliminate al Shabaab,  he said. The government buried at least 160 of those killed because they could not be identified after the blast. Masked security officers kept an eye on the protest on foot and on motorbikes. Some protesters sat on police trucks waving sticks and chanting:  We do not want al Shabaab .  The militants were driven out of Mogadishu in 2011 and have been steadily losing territory. But they retain the capacity to mount large bomb attacks. Over the past three years, the number of civilians killed by insurgent bombings has steadily climbed as al Shabaab increases the size of its bombs. In the central town of Dusamareb, residents also marched for several hours to protest against the bombings in Mogadishu and clerics called for the war on the militants to be stepped up. Abdikadir Abdirahman, the director of Aamin Ambulances, said one pregnant demonstrator was evacuated from the Mogadishu protest after she developed complications.  The other two were also demonstrating. They were injured by bullets which the police fired to disperse the demonstrators who wanted to enter the blast scene by force,  he said. ",1
17109,'Russia's version of Paris Hilton' announces presidential bid,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian TV personality Ksenia Sobchak said on Wednesday she planned to run in next year s presidential election, offering liberal voters unhappy with President Vladimir Putin s rule someone to back, though she has little prospect of winning. Opinion polls show Putin, who has dominated Russian politics for nearly two decades, will comfortably win re-election if, as most observers expect, he decides to seek what would be his fourth term in March. However, a significant minority of voters accuse the Kremlin chief of overseeing a corrupt system that has isolated Russia from the outside world, and many of them have taken part in mass protests organized by Putin critic Alexei Navalny. Russian officials say Navalny is ineligible to run for president due to a criminal conviction he says was fabricated. Sobchak, who has been described by Vogue magazine as the Russian version of U.S. socialite Paris Hilton and is the daughter of Putin s former mentor, said she had decided to run because she was tired of the same politicians, including Putin, running year after year. In a video clip posted online on Wednesday evening, Sobchak, 35, said she had the right to run for Russia s top political job under the country s constitution, which stipulates that all candidates must be 35 or older.     I decided to exercise that right because I am against all of those (candidates) who usually exercise that right,  she said.  When I was 18 and was studying in university, Vladimir Putin became president of Russia. Children who were born that year will go and vote themselves this year. Just think about that.  But some Russian liberals fear Sobchak s participation will play into the Kremlin s hands by splitting the opposition vote.   LIBERAL LAUGHING-STOCK  Last month, commenting on rumors that Sobchak would run, Navalny complained that she was being used by the Kremlin as a safe lightning conductor for voters  dissatisfaction. She was being drawn into  this fairly loathsome Kremlin game that goes by the title of:  Let s put a liberal laughing-stock up for the elections in order to distract attention,  said Navalny. Sobchak told the opposition-leaning TV broadcaster Rain she had told Putin in advance of her intention to run, adding it had seemed to her that he had not liked her decision. The Kremlin has said she is eligible to run in the election.    Sobchak is the daughter of Anatoly Sobchak, the reformist former mayor of St Petersburg who hired Putin as an official in City Hall in the 1990s. Sobchak, who died in 2000, became a mentor to Putin. Sobchak s mother, Lyudmila Narusova, sits in the upper house of the Russian parliament. Ksenia Sobchak s Instagram account, often featuring photographs of her dressed in designer outfits and appearing at glitzy society events, has 5.2 million followers.   After graduating from the prestigious MGIMO university in Moscow, she became a nationwide celebrity when she hosted a Russian reality TV show called Dom 2. She became active in opposition politics around the time that Putin, in 2012, was re-elected to the presidency after stepping down for four years to comply with constitutional term limits. She appeared at opposition rallies, spoke out against the Kremlin on social media, and recast herself as a news anchor for the Rain broadcaster. ",1
17110,Khamenei says Iran will 'shred' nuclear deal if U.S. quits it,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said on Wednesday Tehran would stick to its 2015 nuclear accord with world powers as long as the other signatories respected it, but would  shred  the deal if Washington pulled out, state TV reported. Khamenei spoke five days after U.S. President Donald Trump adopted a harsh new approach to Iran by refusing to certify its compliance with the deal, reached under Trump s predecessor Barack Obama, and saying he might ultimately terminate it.  I don t want to waste my time on answering the rants and whoppers of the brute (U.S.) president,  Khamenei said in a speech to students in Tehran quoted by state television.  Trump s stupidity should not distract us from America s  deceitfulness ... If the U.S. tears up the deal, we will shred it ... Everyone should know that once again America will receive a slap in its mouth and will be defeated by Iranians.  Trump s move put Washington at odds with other parties to the accord - Britain, France, Germany, Russia, China and the European Union - who say Washington cannot unilaterally cancel an international accord enshrined by a U.N. resolution.  Khamenei, who has the final say on Iran s state matters,  welcomed European support but said it was not sufficient.   European states stressed their backing for the deal and condemned Trump ... We welcomed this, but it is not enough to ask Trump not to rip up the agreement. Europe needs to stand against practical measures (taken) by America.  Under the deal, Iran agreed to curb its disputed uranium enrichment program in return for relief from international sanctions that crippled its economy, and U.N. nuclear inspectors have repeatedly certified Tehran s compliance with the terms. Trump accuses Iran of supporting terrorism and says the 2015 deal does not do enough to block its path to acquiring nuclear weapons. Iran says it does not seek nuclear arms and in turn blames the growth of militant groups such as Islamic State on the policies of the United States and its regional allies.     In decertifying the nuclear deal last week, Trump gave the U.S. Congress 60 days to decide whether to reimpose economic sanctions on Tehran that were lifted under the pact. In a major shift in U.S. policy, Trump also said Washington will take a more confrontational approach to Iran over its ballistic missile program and its support for extremist groups in the Middle East. Tehran has repeatedly pledged to continue what it calls a defensive missile capability in defiance of Western criticism. The United States has said Iran s stance violates the 2015 deal in spirit as missiles could be tipped with nuclear weapons. Tehran has said it seeks only civilian nuclear energy from its enrichment of uranium, and that the program has nothing to do with missile development efforts.  EU foreign ministers on Monday urged U.S. lawmakers not to reimpose sanctions on Tehran but also discussed Iran s missile program, which they want to see dismantled.  They must avoid interfering in our defense program ... We do not accept that Europe sings along with America s bullying and its unreasonable demands,  Khamenei said.   They (Europeans) ask why does Iran have missiles? Why do you have missiles yourselves? Why do you have nuclear weapons?       The Trump administration has imposed new unilateral sanctions targeting Iran s missile activity. It has called on Tehran not to develop missiles capable of delivering nuclear bombs. Iran says it has no such plans. Iran has one of the biggest ballistic missile programs in the Middle East, viewing it as an essential precautionary defense against the United States and other adversaries, primarily Gulf Arab states and Israel.  Americans are angry because the Islamic Republic of Iran has managed to thwart their plots in Lebanon, Syria, Iraq and other countries in the region,  Khamenei said.  Supporters of the deal fear Trump s decision to decertify the deal could eventually unravel it, causing more tension in the crisis-hit Middle East, where Shi ite Iran is involved in a decades long proxy war with U.S. ally Sunni Saudi Arabia.  If the deal falls apart, Iran s anti-Western hardliners will gain authority in a backlash against pragmatic President Hassan Rouhani, who engineered the accord to help end Iran s political and economic isolation, analysts and insiders say. ",1
17111,Congress clarification on Iran nuclear deal could be positive: Total CEO,"PARIS (Reuters) - A United States Congress decision on the Iran nuclear deal could clarify Washington s stance on the international accord and lead to a positive outcome for Total (TOTF.PA) and its planned $5 billion Iranian gas project, its CEO said on Wednesday. Congress has two months to decide whether to reinstate sanctions on Iran after U.S. President Donald Trump last week refused to formally certify that Tehran was complying with the nuclear agreement hailed by his predecessor Barack Obama as key to stopping Iran from building nuclear weapons. The deal was also signed by China, France, Russia, Britain, Germany and the European Union. Total was the first Western oil major to sign a deal with Iran to develop phase 11 of Iran s South Pars, the world s largest gas field. A decision to reinstate sanctions on Iran could jeopardize the project. Pouyanne has said Total would withdraw from Iran if obliged by law.   There is an ongoing process in the United States. Congress has to make a decision. What is good with this process is that there is going to be a clarification of the position of the United States,  Pouyanne told journalists on the sidelines of an oil conference in Paris.  Who knows, perhaps it could be a clarification that would be positive. I don t think there is a majority in the U.S. Senate that wants to abolish the deal.   ",1
17112,African rulers' weapon against web-based dissent: the off switch,"DAKAR (Reuters) - Rapidly expanding access to the internet across Africa is helping grassroots opposition movements take on once-invulnerable regimes. Many entrenched rulers have a simple response: pulling the plug.  While countries in the Middle East and China employ firewalls and block virtual private networks to control web access, leaders in Africa increasingly prefer the blunter instrument of outright outages. Critics say that infringes not just the rights of individuals but also undermines the burgeoning economies of some of the world s poorest countries. Since the start of 2016, governments in 13 African nations have intentionally shut down the internet on 21 occasions, mainly during elections and protests, according to a database run by online rights group Access Now. That compares to seven shutdowns in the previous two years.  Earlier this month, tech entrepreneur Sama Tanya saw Cameroonian police fire teargas into a residential building during protests by the country s English-speaking minority. As choking women and children poured onto the street, he considered documenting the crackdown to share on social media, only to realize the internet connection had been cut.   I couldn t even reach my family to tell them. I was worried, but I couldn t share a thing,  he said by telephone from the city of Buea, the epicenter of the demonstrations.  Rights group Internet Without Borders says cutting access is a violation of international law and defies a July 2016 U.N. resolution affirming that  the same rights that people have offline must also be protected online.   Internet freedom declined worldwide for the sixth straight year in 2016, according to an annual report from Freedom House.  Africa is becoming a new testing ground for authoritarian practices online,  said Francois Patuel, West Africa researcher at Amnesty International.  We have seen disruptions in Togo and in other countries but also arrests for what people are saying online. Often what people say online can be used against them in court.   Internet cuts in Africa date back to the 2011 Arab Spring when rulers in Egypt, Tunisia and Libya sought to control the spread of information.  Today, the intent is the same, but the methods have evolved.  Governments slow internet speed by reducing bandwidth, or  throttling , and target and shut down certain URLs like Facebook, Twitter and WhatsApp, a process known as filtering. Although free apps like VPN Monster and Turbo VPN can circumvent filtering using VPNs which mask the location of a computer or phone, even a VPN won t help you if you don t have an internet connection in the first place. When Gabon shut down internet access for several days last year as violent street protests erupted against President Ali Bongo s contested re-election, it likely only required flipping a virtual switch at state-run Gabon Telecom.  Gabon Communications Minister Bilie-By-Nze acknowledged in a Reuters interview that internet access had been disrupted, but declined to comment further. During elections in Gambia in December, the government ordered the shutdown of the internet s  landing point , the central point from which service is supplied to the whole country, according to two people with knowledge of the decision. In Togo, authorities appeared to have organized a mobile data shutdown during opposition protests against President Faure Gnassingbe last month, according to people who were there who said fixed internet lines remained available.  Certain people post images to amplify the situation or publish photos of horror,  Togo s Security Minister Colonel Damehame Yark told reporters earlier this month.  The government decided to cut the internet because we have to protect the population.   Democratic Republic of Congo asked telecommunications companies to block social media networks in December. Providers declined to comment at the time on whether they would comply, but one industry executive said all companies had signed an agreement to respect national security injunctions.   When a sovereign government gives licenses to telecoms companies, those companies have little choice but to comply with the government s demands,  said Doug Madory, director of internet analysis at Oracle Dyn, which monitors international internet traffic flows. Orange and Airtel, which provide service in countries where there have been shutdowns, did not respond to requests for comment for this story. MTN, the continent s top mobile phone operator, provided a link to a company statement outlining its dedication to internet freedom but declined to comment further. Outages may be aimed at political opponents or social disruptors but businesses crucial to Africa s economic growth can get also caught up in the crackdown. Sub-Saharan Africa s internet shutdowns have cost the region up to $237 million in economic losses since 2015, according to a recent report by the UK government-funded Collaboration on International ICT Policy for East and Southern Africa.  Shutdowns are  adversely affecting the livelihoods of citizens, undermining the profitability of business enterprises, and reducing the GDP and competitiveness of countries that implement them,  the report said. Etta Ayuk s small tech start-up Skylabase, which provides software to banks, lost three major clients and $20,000 worth of business when the internet was shut down from January to April in Anglophone Cameroon, forcing him to fire nearly half his employees. During the outage, Ayuk and his remaining staff crammed onto buses every morning for the 70-km (44-mile) drive to Francophone Cameroon s commercial capital, Douala, to use the internet there. Gridlock often made it a three-hour trip each way. Cameroon s government declined repeated requests for comment.     Ayuk is considering rebasing to Gambia, which has not had a government shutdown since Adama Barrow became president in January 2017. Barrow is encouraging internet start-ups.   I am a child of Cameroon, I don t want to leave,  he said.  But the political situation is not supporting us.   ",1
17113,One dead at protest against extending Ugandan president's rule,"KAMPALA (Reuters) - At least one person died as police fired bullets and teargas to disperse a crowd of opposition supporters rallying on Wednesday against plans to extend Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni s rule.  Police have broken up a series of protests in recent days against a bill to let the 73-year-old president stand again in 2021 elections - the constitution currently sets an age limit for candidates at 75. Rights organizations and activists have criticized moves by several other long-serving African rulers, notably in Rwanda, Burundi and Burkina Faso, to stay in power by extending term limits. Police spokesman Elly Maate said one person died after officers fired bullets in the air to disperse a crowd gathering for what he called  an illegal rally  near a stadium in the southwestern town of Rukungiri. Opposition party member Ingrid Turinawe and a local government official both said two men died. Turinawe said a bullet also struck a vehicle carrying opposition leader Kizza Besigye. He was not hurt but an image showed a gaping hole in the rear window of his vehicle. A Museveni-allied legislator introduced the bill to remove the presidential age limit last month. Museveni met MPs backing the measure last week and for the first time openly expressed his support for the legislation, several local media outlets reported. ",1
17114,"Portugal minister resigns over deadly wildfires, PM under pressure","LISBON (Reuters) - Portugal s interior minister resigned on Wednesday after wildfires killed more than a hundred people in the past four months, but the move did little to appease the opposition which called on Prime Minister Antonio Costa also to step down. Hundreds of fires have raged across northern and central Portugal since Sunday after the driest summer in nearly 90 years, killing at least 41 people and overwhelming firefighting and rescue services. In June, a forest fire killed 64 people. The government, which has enjoyed strong approval ratings due to an improving economy, faces a no-confidence vote next week over its slow response to the fires and a failure to prevent heavy loss of lives.  Although the motion is unlikely to pass, the Socialist government has been weakened by the public clamor over the fires and a further reshuffle may be on the cards, some analysts believe. Costa, who said he felt secure about confidence in his government, nonetheless accepted the resignation of Interior Minister Constanca Urbano de Sousa whose office is in charge of firefighting, and the police and civil protection services.  Although this tragedy resulted from many factors, I no longer have the political and personal conditions to remain in my position,  the minister said in her resignation statement. The Social Democrats, the main opposition, on Wednesday threw their support behind the no-confidence motion launched by a relatively small centre-right party CDS-PP. The two, however, do not have enough seats to bring down the government, whose left-wing allies closed ranks around it on Wednesday.  You would do a favour to the country by submitting your resignation,  Social Democrat bench leader Hugo Soares told Costa during a fierce debate in parliament.  In order to stay in power, you are telling Portuguese to go screw themselves.  But Left Bloc leader Catarina Martins called the no-confidence motion  a grotesque trick  and  exploitation of the country s vulnerability  after the tragedy. The minority government relies on support from Left Bloc and Communists in parliament. Both parties have blamed previous governments, especially the Social Democrat-CDS coalition which ruled in 2011-15 and imposed painful austerity measures, for bad forestry management and underfinancing of fire prevention.  Costa once again promised reforms to meet any new such challenges in the future and blamed severe drought for the fires and decades of neglect in management of forested areas. He was due on Wednesday to meet President Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa, who has also been critical of the state s response.  This year s fires have burnt a record 520,000 hectares of forest, 52 times the size of Lisbon proper and representing nearly 60 percent of the total area burnt in the entire European Union in 2017, data from the EU showed on Wednesday. Portugal represents just about 2.1 percent of Europe s total landmass. ",1
17115,Egged off: EU summit venue switched after noxious fumes,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Toxic fumes from kitchen drains forced the European Union on Wednesday to switch the venue of its summit in Brussels less than 24 hours before leaders were due to begin the two-day meeting. The Europa Building, also known as  The Egg  and opened only in January amid controversy over its cost, was evacuated for the second time in a week on Wednesday after catering staff were taken ill due to fumes suspected to be leaking from the drains. As a  precautionary measure , the summit will now take place next door in the Justus Lipsius Building, an anonymous 1990s glass and stone-clad structure, which housed Europe s councils until the opening of the 321-million-euro ($378 million) Europa. The new building incorporates an exterior of jumbled salvaged window frames, a summit chamber painted a psychedelic patchwork, and an illuminated  lantern  containing several stories of offices that is visible from the street and known to locals as  Van Rompuy s Egg  after the Belgian former summit chair. About 20 kitchen staff were treated in hospital on Friday and an EU official said the Council and Belgian safety bodies were working on the assumption that Wednesday s incident was due to the same source. It was unclear how many staff were made ill on Wednesday.  Highlights of the summit are likely include an address by British Prime Minister Theresa May to the other 27 on her Brexit plans over dinner on Thursday and a statement to be agreed by the 27 on Friday that will demand London offer tens of billions of euros more on its withdrawal in 2019 if it wants to start negotiating a future relationship based on a free trade pact.   ",1
17116,May to pitch on Brexit at EU summit dinner,"LUXEMBOURG/BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Theresa May will make a pitch to fellow EU leaders in Brussels on Thursday as she tries to break a deadlock in Brexit talks that has left Britain s future trading position up in the air. But EU officials expect no movement in negotiating positions from either side before the other 27 leaders deliver a verdict on progress on Friday that will say Britain must up its offer on divorce terms before they will even talk about trade.  We do not expect at this stage any new initiatives between now and the European Council,  said an EU official, who said May had asked to address the summit.  The others will not negotiate with her but will discuss Brexit after May leaves on Friday.  They plan to reject her call for an immediate start to talks on a future trade relationship but make a  gesture  recognizing the concessions May offered in a speech at Florence last month by telling EU staff to prepare for talks on a transition period. Stepping personally into the breach after Brexit Secretary David Davis s four months of discussions struck deadlock last week, May had dinner in Brussels on Monday with EU Commission chief Jean-Claude Juncker and his negotiator Michel Barnier. But she came away with just a joint pledge to  accelerate  the process. There is a catch: the EU will not discuss relations in the future until London agrees to pay tens of billions of euros (dollars) in a divorce settlement for obligations incurred in the past. May, beset by demands from hardline Brexit supporters to simply walk away without any deal, says the bill can be worked out only when the future relationship is clearer.  It takes two to accelerate,  Barnier told reporters as he arrived to brief EU ministers in Luxembourg.  One step after another... We are not finished with the first step.  May s spokesman said she was pleased with a dinner that ended with an embrace at the door from Juncker. But he added:  We can only resolve the financial implications of the UK s withdrawal ... as part of the settlement of all the issues.  MERKEL-MACRON FRONT May came away similarly empty-handed from telephone calls to German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Emmanuel Macron, leaders of the Union s leading powers whose diplomats have taken a hard line this month in limiting the scope of the gesture on transition preparations which Barnier had proposed. People familiar with those calls on Sunday and Monday said May echoed emotional complaints from British negotiators last week that her Florence speech, offering to  honor commitments  made by Britain, deserved a more generous response from the EU.  Macron and Merkel, who are coordinating closely, were clear that they will negotiate at the stage only through Barnier, a former French foreign minister, officials said.  And they insisted Britain settled outstanding issues first, despite increasingly vocal calls from business on both sides of the English Channel for clarity by early next year at the latest in order to plan investments for after Brexit in March 2019. BusinessEurope, which represents employers federations across the continent including Britain s CBI, was the latest, saying it was  extremely concerned with the slow pace of negotiations  and telling EU summit chair Donald Tusk in a letter that  business wants to avoid a cliff edge . EU leaders plan to issue a statement after May leaves on Friday saying that they hope a deal can be struck at their next summit in December and that things can move swiftly then. But after losing her majority in June, May has little room for maneuver at home:  It s all about the money and if she ups the bid now, that is a really hard sell politically,  a senior source in her Conservative Party told Reuters. British efforts to remind continental neighbors of how much they also have to lose if trade is disrupted are showing little return, even among close trading partners with most at stake.  Sometimes it s very difficult to see and understand what Britain really wants from these negotiations,  Finnish minister Samuli Virtanen said. Brexit minister Davis, who long campaigned to take Britain out of the EU, said London had no plan to walk away from talks but should maintain the option in negotiations. Yet interior minister Amber Rudd, who opposed Brexit in the referendum, said shortly afterward that it was  unthinkable  that the two sides would fail to strike a deal as it was in their own interests. ",1
17117,Maltese journalist's son says she was murdered for exposing corruption,"VALLETTA (Reuters) - The son of Malta s best-known investigative journalist said on Tuesday his mother had been killed by a car bomb because of her work exposing political corruption, as hundreds of people demonstrated to demand justice after her death. Daphne Caruana Galizia, who wrote about graft across Malta s political divides on her blog, died when explosives ripped through her car minutes after she left her home in the north of the island on Monday afternoon. Maltese authorities were waiting for the arrival of Dutch forensic experts and American FBI agents to help the investigations.  My mother was assassinated because she stood between the rule of law and those who sought to violate it, like many strong journalists,  Matthew Caruana Galizia said on Facebook.  She was also targeted because she was the only person doing so,  he added. He described rushing to the scene, only to find the burning car and her remains. Maltese Prime Minister Joseph Muscat, who was accused of wrong-doing by Caruana Galizia earlier this year and had been suing her over some of her allegations, denounced her killing and pledged to track down those responsible. But a small group booed Muscat on Tuesday evening when he left his office, and the opposition is calling for him to resign.  The prime minister and his government have been responsible for diminishing the rule of law in Malta,  opposition leader Adrian Delia told Reuters.  They have created an environment where people are afraid to speak out.  On Tuesday afternoon, several hundred people demonstrated in front of the law courts demanding justice for Caruana Galizia s killers.  The state did not defend Daphne,  shouted Andrew Borg Cardona, addressing the crowd. He said those who accused her of  going over the top  with her investigations  are all guilty . One woman carried a votive lamp with the murdered journalist s picture in it and another carried a sign that read  Looks like we can t have freedom of speech but we want justice . Recently, Caruana Galizia had been following up leads from information in the so-called Panama Papers, a large collection of documents from an offshore law firm in the Central American nation that were leaked in 2015. She was tracing alleged links between Maltese officials and offshore banks and companies used as tax havens. Half an hour before the explosion, Caruana Galizia wrote on her blog:  There are crooks everywhere you look now. The situation is desperate.  The European Commission told journalists it was horrified by the murder in the bloc s smallest state and called for justice. Spokesman Margaritis Schinas was asked if the Commission would open a procedure to check if Malta was meeting the EU s standards for the rule of law, a process now being applied to Poland over judicial reforms there. He replied:  We never speculate on these questions. These are very serious subjects ... This is an outrageous act that happened, and what matters now is that justice will be brought.   This is what we need to see.  The killing near the village of Bidnija stunned the Mediterranean island. Authorities said it was the first murder of a journalist there.  I saw a small explosion coming from the car and I panicked. A few seconds later, around three to four seconds, there was another, larger explosion,  said resident Frans Sant, who was driving in the other direction.  The car continued coming down the hill, skidding at high speed, full of fire. The car missed me by around 10 feet. I tried to help, but the fire was too much and the car ended up in the field,  he told Reuters Television. ",1
17118,Argentine mid-term campaign pauses after body found in Patagonia,"BUENOS AIRES (Reuters) - Major parties running in Sunday s mid-term congressional election in Argentina suspended their campaigns on Wednesday after a body, thought to be that a young protester who went missing more than two months ago, was found in a river. A government spokeswoman said President Mauricio Macri s Cambiemos, or  Let s Change , coalition would halt campaigning for the rest of the day after investigators on Tuesday discovered the body in the Chubut River in the country s southern Patagonia region. The remains were found near the site where indigenous rights activist Santiago Maldonado was last seen at a tribal rights protest on Aug. 1. Former president and now Senate candidate Cristina Fernandez also suspended campaigning, along with other major figures vying for Congress, their campaigns said.  We have halted all events until there is word from either the judge in charge of the case or Santiago s family,  a spokesman for Fernandez s Unidad Ciudadana, or  Citizens  Unity  party told Reuters. In the final week of campaigning the Maldonado case has overshadowed the congressional election, which is expected to give Macri s coalition additional seats but not a majority in either chamber. Some opposition and rights groups believe state security forces took Maldonado, a 28-year-old craftsman, and allege Macri s government covered up information on his whereabouts. Macri s government has said that there is no evidence that shows security forces detained Maldonado. Potential cases of abuse by security forces are sensitive in Argentina, where the 1976-1983 military dictatorship secretly detained, tortured and killed people in clandestine prisons. Rights groups say up to 30,000 people  disappeared.  The markets will watch Sunday s election to see if  business-friendly Cambiemos emerges as the main vote-getter in the bellwether province of Buenos Aires. Investors say they prefer Macri s orthodox economic policies to those of Fernandez, a free-spending populist who led the country from 2008 to 2016.    While it has dominated headlines, political analysts have said they do not expect the case to change votes. ",1
17119,Kenyan election head: No guarantee vote will be free and fair,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - The head of Kenya s election commission said on Wednesday he could not guarantee next week s presidential election will be free and fair, citing interference from politicians and threats of violence against his colleagues. Wafula Chebukati s statement came hours after another commission member resigned and left the country, saying she and her staff had been repeatedly threatened.  Ironically, the very people, political leaders, who are supposed to build the nation have become the greatest threat to the peace and stability of the nation,  Chebukati told journalists. The Oct. 26 poll is the re-run of an election that took place in August, where incumbent president Uhuru Kenyatta s victory was nullified on procedural grounds. But the run-up to the new poll has been fraught, particularly since Kenyatta s main challenger, opposition leader Raila Odinga, pulled out, alleging a failure to improve the oversight of the election. Odinga has called nearly daily protests against the poll and the election commission, pushing East Africa s largest economy - a stable Western ally in a chaotic region - deeper into turmoil. Kenyatta on Wednesday restated his commitment to the poll, but Odinga called for a mass protest on election day - raising the prospect of confrontations between protesters and voters.   Demonstrations will continue. October 26 will be the biggest demonstration of them all,  Odinga told a crowd of several thousand cheering supporters in Nairobi.  Commission head Chebukati said technical preparations for the new poll were on course, but his attempts to make  critical changes , notably to staff, had been defeated by a majority of commissioners. He said he been pressured to resign, without giving further details.  Under such conditions, it is difficult to guarantee a free fair and credible election,  Chebukati said.  We cannot move forward with a divided commission.  Election staff attending training sessions in some opposition strongholds were attacked this week, police said.  A senior Western diplomat in Nairobi condemned the attacks, saying of Odinga:  There is growing frustration among Western diplomats that a man who stood for democracy ... is essentially in charge of a movement trying to sabotage an election.    There is thuggery going on ... People who incite violence will be held accountable,  the diplomat told Reuters.  Roselyn Akombe, another of the board s eight members, flew to New York and issued a statement dated Tuesday, saying  the commission has become a party to the current crisis  and was  under siege .  She said commissioners were serving partisan interests, and legal advice was being skewed for political reasons. Akombe urged Kenyans to remember the violence that followed a disputed 2007 poll, when more than 1,200 people were killed. She told BBC radio she fled after receiving threats from both sides. A week before the August poll, the election commission s head of IT was found tortured and murdered in Nairobi, raising fears of a possible hack of the commission s computer systems. At least 37 people have died in violence since the August vote, including four killed in confrontations between police and protesters in the past week.  The uncertainty over the vote has affected financial markets: the central bank sold dollars in the foreign exchange market after the Kenyan shilling weakened on news of Akombe s resignation. [nL8N1MT1F5]  Central bank governor Patrick Njoroge told Reuters on Thursday that the government was revising its 2017 economic growth forecast downwards amid high political uncertainty. [L8N1MT4FJ] Last month, Kenya cut its growth forecast to 5.5 percent from 5.9 percent. Kenyan law requires that the new election be held within 60 days of the Sept. 1 decision by the Supreme Court to cancel the results of the original vote, but Odinga says his withdrawal should trigger a new, 90-day election cycle. In withdrawing his candidacy last week, Odinga said the election board had not carried out reforms, including firing of key officials who he blames for mistakes in the Aug. 8 vote. But Kenyatta said in a televised speech on Wednesday:  We walk towards the declared date of the 26th of October both as a God-fearing leadership and government.   The ruling party has used its parliamentary majority to pass amendments to the electoral law curtailing the grounds on which the Supreme Court can nullify an election. Kenyatta has not yet signed the amendments after heavy international criticism.  The election board says it has conducted some reforms and the vote will go ahead with Odinga on the ballot. This week, police raided homes belonging to wealthy opposition financier Jimi Wanjigi and said they had found a cache of weapons. Wanjigi said in an emotional interview that the firearms were licensed and that he was being persecuted.  On Tuesday, Deputy President William Ruto said Odinga had pulled out of the race to avoid a  humiliating defeat . Tweeting on Wednesday, Ruto criticised the election board head s comments:  Chebukati should stop lecturing us and oversee the elections.  Efforts by diplomats, religious leaders and civil society leaders have so far failed to bridge the divide. ",1
17120,Smugglers offer new routes to Europe for jobless Tunisians,"OFF THE TUNISIAN COAST (Reuters) - Tunisian smugglers are offering migrants seeking a fresh start in Europe a new route from Africa to Italy. Thousands have made the dangerous 300 km journey between Libya and the Italian island of Lampedusa this year and hundreds more are thought to have died trying to crossing the Mediterranean Sea to reach European shores. A crackdown by the Libyan coastguard in August has forced migrants and smugglers to find alternatives, giving Tunisians an opportunity to sell spots on overcrowded boats between the Gulf of Tunis and Sicily. The number of migrants trying to make the trip, which can be as short as 150 km, has jumped in the last month while fewer are leaving from Libya.  Most are Tunisians fleeing economic hardship at home. Others want to avoid increased navy patrols off Lampedusa and prefer to arrive on the larger island of Sicily where it is easier pass unnoticed. Penalties for smugglers and migrants are also light in Tunisia if you are caught.    The route to Sicily is not as heavily guarded as to Lampedusa,  said Hassen Rebhi, captain of a Tunisian coast guard captain whose boat patrols the waters off Tunisia. Libya is still a much bigger departure point for Europe with 108,000 reaching Italy from Libya in 2017, according to the International Organisation for Migration (IOM). But Tunisian arrivals are on the rise with 1,400 in September, up from 1,350 in the first 8 months of the year. Many others are believed to have reached Sicily but escaped detection and identification. Tunisian coast guard officials said they had foiled 900 departure attempts in September compared to 170 in August. About 80 percent are Tunisians but there are also Libyans, Moroccans and sub-Saharan Africans. The route from Tunisia has been active before - some 20,000 left in 2011 as Tunisians tried to escape political turmoil when longtime president Zine El-Abidine Ben Ali was ousted. Tunisia won international praise for its democratic progress and the numbers seeking to leave fell but successive governments have failed to create jobs for young people. Some 40 km offshore, Rebhi s boat pulled up alongside an inflatable boat overloaded with 14 young Tunisian men who had been hoping to make it to Italy. The coast guards ordered them to switch off their engine and climb aboard the ship.        I watched many videos of young people who arrived in Italy. I have been unemployed for five years and don t have any hope things will get better in Tunisia,  said Anwar, a Tunisian who was shivering after spending 8 hours on the damp boat. European officials are worried about an influx of Tunisian jihadists. Thousands of Tunisians have left to fight for Islamic State. Some have also made their way to Europe including Anis Amri who killed 12 people when he plowed a truck through a Christmas market in Berlin.  Italy last week urged Tunisia to increase patrols, an Italian interior ministry spokesman said. It also wants to increase the number of Tunisians that can be repatriated from 30 a week to at least 80. Tunisia s navy has stepped up controls but the arrival of many in Sicily celebrating and dancing on beaches in social media posts is a powerful draw. All those in the inflatable vowed to try the crossing again.  I prefer to die in the sea than to stay in Tunisia without dignity,  said Hassan Chouchan, a 27-year-old who had lost his job as an entertainer in a tourist resort.  Please let us continue our journey. We do not want to stay here,  he shouted at the coast guard.    Frustrated young people openly discuss plans to leave. Families from Aweld Amer, a village near the tourist resort of Sousse where an Islamist militant shot dead 39 foreigners in 2015, told Reuters that at least 300 of the 4,000 residents had left for Italy. More than 600 youths in the southern city of Tataouin left, while more than 1500 young people left the coastal towns of Hargeleh, Monastir, Sfax, Chebba, Bizerte and Kelibia last month alone, residents said.  The government says it encourages private projects,  said 25-year old Borhan Sallem in Monastir, a port two-hours from Tunis.  When I wanted to get a loan to buy a fishing boat they refused it.   Reuters met him and a group of friends in the port of Monastir in presence of a smuggler, a fisherman, who brought them days later safely to Sicily, relatives confirmed. The interviews came abruptly to an and when a police car arrived at the port to monitor possible smuggling activity. But migrants and the smuggler said they were not worried about getting caught.  They also feel the trips are safe as the boats are driven by  fishermen who are less likely to abandon local people in rough seas than Libyan armed groups.   You get detained a few days and that s it. The trip is safe. I don t go with more than 30 to 50 people,  said the smuggler. Farhat Mansour, a 26-year-old Tunisian who paid a smuggler 3,000 Tunisian dinars ($1,223) for the journey to Sicily said the Italian police put him and others in a detention center when he arrived a month ago. Only those suspected of having militant ties were still being held.  Mansour has not found work and is living with under bridges with other Tunisians but has no regrets.  Here maybe the opportunities are few, but in Tunisia the opportunities are totally non-existent,  he said.  ",1
17121,Italy breaks up Libyan fuel smuggling ring involving mafia,"ROME (Reuters) - Sicilian police on Wednesday sought the arrest of nine people, including a suspected mobster, for running a Libyan fuel-smuggling ring in which at least 30 million euros ($35 million) of diesel was sold in gas stations in Italy and Europe. A Libyan, nicknamed the  boss , used small boats to steal fuel from a refinery in Zawiya, a port city west of Tripoli, a statement from the finance police said.  The fuel, stolen from Libya s National Oil Corporation (NOC), was then transferred to a larger ship off the coast of Malta and brought to Italy. Police from the Sicilian city of Catania  documented in detail 30 voyages in which more than 80 million kilos of diesel fuel was imported,  the statement said.  For the first time, the Catania court authorized the use of technology capable of listening in on satellite phone calls during the investigation, police said.  Six of the nine have been arrested and an international arrest warrant has been issued for the other three, who are abroad. One of the men arrested, Nicola Romeo, has been accused of being a member of the Santapaola clan of the Sicilian mafia, while the Libyan, Fahmi Mousa Saleem Ben Khalifa, is already in custody in Libya on accusations of fuel smuggling. Another Italian man headed a seemingly legitimate company used to distribute the stolen fuel in gas stations in Italy, France and Spain, police said.  The Italian company offered its diesel to distributors for up to 60 percent less than market prices. Though the quality of the diesel, which was meant for ships  engines, was of a lower standard than that used by vehicles in Italy, it was sold at the same price. ($1 = 0.8499 euros) ",1
17122,Zimbabwe First Lady sues in dispute over $1.35 million ring: state media,"HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe s wife Grace has sued a Belgium-based businessman for failing to deliver a $1.35 million ring she ordered for a wedding anniversary, state media reported on Wednesday. Grace, 52, an influential figure in Mugabe s ruling ZANU-PF party and seen as a potential successor to her husband, is  nicknamed  Gucci Grace  for her reputed dedication to shopping. But she and her 93-year-old husband have kept their assets under wraps despite frequent local private media reports on Grace buying properties in Zimbabwe and South Africa. The Herald, a government-controlled newspaper, reported that Grace was suing businessman Jamal Hamed after a deal to have Hamed supply the First Lady with a diamond ring turned sour. Grace s spokeswoman Olga Bungu could not be reached for comment on Wednesday while her lawyer Wilson Manase, who filed the papers at the High Court, was said to be attending court. In court papers seen by the Herald, Grace said she had in 2015 ordered the ring for her 20-year wedding anniversary last year but Hamed failed to deliver and refunded her only $120,000. The First Lady asked the High Court to attach properties and three companies owned by Hamed in Harare, the Herald said. Hamed told Reuters from Belgium that he had not been served with the court papers. His Harare-based lawyer, Beatrice Mtetwa, said she had not seen the papers.  We have not received anything at all and I am not in Harare to be served any claim or false allegations,  Hamed said. In Zimbabwe, at least 8 out of 10 potential workers are unemployed. The average national monthly income is $200 and news of the million-dollar ring was immediately greeted with scorn on social media. Mugabe, who says he leads a frugal life, and Grace own a dairy company and several farms near Harare. The two have never responded to media reports that they own several properties. Last year, Hamed accused Grace of seizing his Harare properties following the dispute and asked the High Court to intervene. He then said Grace had threatened her if he ever returned to Zimbabwe.  Grace, through her lawyer Manase, denied all the accusations. ",1
17123,Turkey says will not submit to 'impositions' from United States in visa crisis,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey s foreign minister said on Wednesday Ankara would not submit to  impositions  from the United States to resolve a feud which has seen the two NATO allies stop issuing visas to each other s citizens. However, President Tayyip Erdogan s spokesman struck a more positive tone, saying he expected the crisis to be resolved soon following the arrival in Turkey of a U.S. delegation for talks on repairing bilateral ties. Earlier this month Washington suspended visa services after Turkey detained two Turkish nationals employed as U.S. consular staff. They are being held on suspicion of links to last year s failed coup in Turkey, allegations rejected by Washington. Ankara swiftly retaliated by suspending its own visa services in the United States. The dispute hit the Turkish lira and stocks and unnerved investors. The United States has said it wants details of the charges against its staff, and Turkish broadcaster Haberturk said the U.S. delegation had set four conditions to solve the crisis, including Ankara providing evidence related to the detentions.    We will cooperate if their demands meet the rules of our constitution but we will not succumb to impositions and we will reject any conditions that we cannot meet,  Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu told a news conference on Wednesday. The two people arrested by Turkey are a translator at the consulate in the southern province of Adana and a Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) worker in Istanbul. Erdogan s spokesman Ibrahim Kalin said the talks with the United States were now moving in a  good direction .  I believe this crisis will be resolved soon,  he told state-owned TRT Haber.  The U.S. delegation does not have the authority to lift the visa suspension but they will communicate our views to Washington and, hopefully, the White House will take positive steps soon . Foreign Ministry sources described Wednesday s talks as positive and said the two sides agreed to continue the discussions to resolve the dispute as soon as possible. Relations between Turkey and its Western allies have soured significantly since the July 2016 coup and the large-scale purges of the Turkish armed forces, state institutions, media and academia that followed. Ankara blames the network of U.S.-based Muslim cleric Fethullah Gulen for the coup and has repeatedly asked Washington to extradite him. Gulen, who has lived in Pennsylvania since 1999, has denied the charges and condemned the coup. Turkey has sacked or suspended more than 150,000 people from their jobs on suspicion of links to the Gulen network, prompting criticism from rights groups, the United States and the European Union that Ankara is undermining free speech and democracy. ",1
17124,"In working class Paris suburb, 'Macronomics' falls flat","GENNEVILLIERS, France (Reuters) - In Gennevilliers, a communist-held suburb on the Paris outskirts, President Emmanuel Macron s promises to help the poor are met with scorn. It was in this drab working-class neighborhood that the former investment banker launched his anti-poverty plan this week as he struggles to shake off the tag of  president of the rich . Unemployment here is above the national average and one in four people live in poverty. Macron pledges to overhaul professional training to get the jobless back to work quicker. He has also announced increased disability allowances, a revamp of social housing, and the phasing-out of an unpopular housing tax. Yet his plans to assist poorer households have been eclipsed by reforms widely perceived as favoring the rich and investors, including the scrapping of a wealth tax and a cut in corporate tax.        Nathalie and Pascal Dilard were forced to give up their flat after they lost their jobs. With their teenage son, they now reside with Pascal s elderly parents, living off 400 euros a month.    Anti-poverty? I m sorry, but when I see our situation, that makes me laugh,  Nathalie, 50, said as anti-riot police pushed back protesting unionists during Macron s visit.  My problem with him is that he helps the rich, not the little people like us. We can just die,  she said. Six months into his presidency, Macron, 39, is moving fast with his drive to re-shape France s social and economic model.  That has won him praise from international investors, euro zone allies and billionaires such as Bernard Arnault, the head of luxury giant LVMH, who say his pro-business policies will win new investments and create jobs. But in a country whose  soul is equality , as former president Francois Hollande once said, and whose tax and welfare systems have produced lower levels of inequality than in Britain or the united States, Macron s reforms have angered left-wing opponents, unions and workers.  TRICKLE-DOWN Commentators have likened Macron s policies to the  trickle-down  economics espoused by former U.S. president Ronald Reagan and Britain s Conservative prime minister Margaret Thatcher. They believed tax cuts for the rich would benefit the poor through increased consumption and investment. Macron on Sunday rejected trickle-down economics, opting instead for a rock-climbing analogy whereby he wanted  lead climbers  to be strong enough to haul up those behind.      The measures planned for the next five years will increase the living standards of the poorest 10 percent by 2.1 percent, while the richest 10 percent will be 1.2 percent better off by 2022, according to a French Treasury study.   The only segment of the population that will be marginally worse off is the upper middle class, it said.  But according to the OFCE economic think-tank, that will translate into a 700 euros per year income increase for the richest 10 percent, while the poorest 10 percent will be less than 200 euros better off. Former Harvard university economist Philippe Aghion, who helped shape Macron s economic program, said  Macronomics  was more akin to the Scandinavian model because of the place given to state investment in training and education. Nonetheless Macron s reforms have re-ignited the debate about redistribution between rich and poor and reveal a weak public confidence that the measures will bring investments beneficial for the whole economy, said the Eurointelligence think-tank.   You will never motivate the French people with  competitiveness .  You will always motivate them with  grands projets ,  said economist Christian Saint-Etienne, referring to large-scale undertakings such as France s post-war state investment in high-speed trains, planes and nuclear plants. In Gennevilliers, two retirees bemoaned Macron s intention of increasing a social welfare tax on pensions.  My husband worked 50 hours a week from the age of 15. And now they tell us you pensioners are getting too much in retirement!  said one of them, 63-year-old Lisianne Jouvenaux.      ",1
17125,China's Xi lays out vision for 'new era' led by 'still stronger' Communist Party," BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese President Xi Jinping on Wednesday laid out a confident vision for a more prosperous nation and its role in the world, stressing the importance of wiping out corruption and curbing industrial overcapacity, income inequality and pollution.  Opening a critical Communist Party congress, Xi pledged to build a  modern socialist country  for a  new era  that will be proudly Chinese and steadfastly ruled by the party but open to the world.  Although his wide-ranging address made clear there were no plans for political reform, Xi said China s development had entered a  new era , using the phrase 36 times in a speech that ran nearly 3-1/2 hours.   With decades of hard work, socialism with Chinese characteristics has crossed the threshold into a new era,  Xi said.  The twice-a-decade event, a weeklong, mostly closed-door conclave, will culminate in the selection of a new Politburo Standing Committee to rule China s 1.4 billion people for the next five years, with Xi expected to consolidate his control and potentially retain power beyond 2022, when the next congress takes place.  The 64-year-old Xi, widely regarded as the most powerful Chinese leader since Mao Zedong, spoke to more than 2,000 delegates in Beijing's cavernous, red-carpeted Great Hall of the People, including 91-year-old former president Jiang Zemin. Security was tight on a rainy, smoggy day in the capital.  As expected, the speech was heavy on aspiration and short on specific plans.  On the economy, Xi said China would relax market access for foreign investment, expand access to its services sector and deepen market-oriented reform of its exchange rate and financial system, while at the same time strengthening state firms.  During Xi s first term, China disappointed many investors who had expected it to usher in more market-oriented reforms, especially in the debt-laden state sector.   If Xi gets the political mandate that he is expected to out of the congress, then my hope is that the state sector reforms actually get done,  Damien Ma, fellow and associate director at U.S. thinktank the Paulson Institute, told the Reuters Global Markets Forum.   If not, then I would also revise my assessment of the state of reforms in China. There have been talks in Beijing that the state sector will be a focus after the 19th party congress, so we need to see.   The European Union Chamber of Commerce in China said it welcomed commitments to open wider the door and treat all companies equally, but said European companies operating in China continued to suffer from  promise fatigue .   The only cure for this is promise implementation,  it said in a statement.   In what was probably an indirect reference to U.S. President Donald Trump s  America First  policy, Xi promised that China would be fully engaged with the world, and reiterated pledges to tackle climate change. Trump this year opted to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate pact.   No country can alone address the many challenges facing mankind; no country can afford to retreat into self-isolation,  Xi told the delegates, among them Buddhist monks, Olympic medallists, farmers and at least one astronaut.  Xi set bold long-term goals for China s development, envisioning it as a  basically  modernised socialist country by 2035, and a modern socialist  strong power  with leading influence on the world stage by 2050.  But he signalled there would be no significant political reforms, calling China s system the broadest, most genuine, and most effective way to safeguard the interests of the people.  Xi has overseen a sweeping crackdown on civil society, locking up rights lawyers and dissidents and tightening internet controls as he has sought to revitalise the Communist Party and its place in contemporary China.   We should not just mechanically copy the political systems of other countries,  he said.  We must unwaveringly uphold and improve party leadership and make the party still stronger.   Xi praised the party s successes, particularly his high-profile anti-graft campaign, in which more than a million officials have been punished and dozens of former senior officials jailed, saying it would never end as corruption was the  gravest threat  the party faces.  On self-ruled Taiwan, claimed by Beijing as its own, Xi said China would never allow the island to separate from China, adding that China would strive to fully transform its armed forces into a world-class military by the mid-21st century.  He made no mention of neighbouring North Korea, which has angered Beijing with repeated nuclear and ballistic missile tests in defiance of U.N. sanctions. Pyongyang sent a congratulatory message ahead of the meeting.  Xi has consolidated power swiftly since assuming the party leadership in 2012, locking up rivals for corruption, restructuring the military and asserting China s rising might on the world stage.  Focus at the congress will be on how Xi plans to use his expanded authority, and moves to enable him to stay on in a leadership capacity after his second term ends in 2022.  That could include resurrecting the position of party chairman, a title that would put him on par with Mao, the founding father of modern China.   In all aspects he is on the right track to be our next Chairman Mao,  Su Shengcheng, a delegate from the northwestern province of Qinghai, told Reuters.  He will lead the party and Central Committee to continue its way to success.   As with other major set-piece events in the capital, Beijing has been blanketed with security in the run-up to the congress, with long queues of passengers at some subway stations waiting to go through metal detectors and be patted down.  Large red banners plastered around Beijing trumpet the congress, while censors have stepped up already tight monitoring of the internet.  Tencent Holdings Ltd s WeChat, China s top social media platform with more than 960 million users, said late on Tuesday that  system maintenance  would render users unable to alter profile pictures, nicknames and tag lines until month-end.  The disabled features are sporadically used to show solidarity for popular social and political causes.  ",1
17126,"Long speech, lots of tea: party meeting with Chinese characteristics"," BEIJING (Reuters) - The speech was long, the refreshments austere, but Zhang Weiguo, a Communist Party official from Hubei province in central China, was thrilled.   It was strongly persuasive, infectious, cohesive, and had rally-appeal,  Zhang said after Chinese President and party boss Xi Jinping gave a nearly three-and-a-half hour speech in Beijing s cavernous Great Hall of the People to kick off the 19th Communist Party Congress.   I came out of the auditorium feeling infected, my motivation infinitely enhanced.   The scene is a far cry from a convention of the Democratic or Republican Party in the United States, with their rock concert-like atmosphere, balloons falling from the rafters and raucous cheering crowds.  Instead, most delegates wore conservative business suits, turned pages of the speech in unison, and clapped politely on cue, giving the start of China's most important political event in five years the vibe of an academic conference.  This is party politics with Chinese characteristics. Delegates from China s dozens of ethnic minority groups were required, as always, to wear traditional costumes, often with elaborate headgear - and news photographers swarmed.  An Olympian wore the national team s jacket. Military men and women, as well as police, donned crisp uniforms. All, including Xi, wore red identifications badges.  Entering the Great Hall for the event required airport-level security checks, with x-ray machines and metal detectors. Outside food and drink were not allowed. Journalists, many of whom had queued in the rain since before dawn, were permitted one mobile phone each.  Inside, Xi laid out a vision for a strong and confident China stretching decades into the future. The speech will be the subject of intensive study by party members across the country in coming months and serve as a model for its content and language.  Still, it was a marathon even by Chinese politicians  standards, and some in the audience dozed off.  For those needing a refreshment, uniformed servers standing in order by height poured tea and hot water into Great Hall of the People paper cups outside the main auditorium.  One server who had been present for the 18th Party Congress five years ago said nothing had changed.   Everything s the same. Our service is getting better, though,  he said.  On stage, where the party s powerful Central Committee and former leaders sat, hosts and hostesses periodically marched from the wings in unison to pour fresh steaming water into porcelain mugs. At the two-hour mark, some started taking toilet breaks.  Luo Jialin, a member of the Sichuan province delegation, rushed to the post office at the Great Hall of People and bought five books of congress-themed stamps with the Great Hall postmark for 450 yuan ($68).   They are very commemorative, so I want to bring some back home,  said Luo.  The speech was broadcast live and images of groups of people watching it quickly circulated on social media - doctors at a hospital, Tibetan monks, prisoners in a detention center, and even children in kindergarten. One posting showed a cat sitting in front of a TV broadcasting the speech.  Printed copies of Xi s speech for foreign reporters were produced in 12 languages, including Lao and Portuguese, up from eight five years ago. The Chinese version ran to 68 pages.  Pictures of the seldom-seen 91-year-old former President Jiang Zemin peering at his copy through a chunky magnifying glass flew across the internet.  Later, someone identified Jiang s magnifying glass as German-made and posted a picture of an ad for it on Taobao. Price tag: 1,598 yuan, or about $240.  ($1 = 6.6219 Chinese yuan renminbi)  ",1
17127,'Fake news!': Ireland rebukes Trump over corporate tax claim,"DUBLIN (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump s assertion that he had heard Ireland was going to cut its already low corporate tax rate is  fake news , Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar said on Wednesday. Trump raised a few eyebrows in Ireland on Monday when he  told reporters at the White House:  I hear that Ireland is going to be reducing their corporate rates down to 8 percent from 12.   I can confirm that President Trump s claim that we are proposing to reduce our corporation profit tax to 8 percent is indeed fake news. There is no such plan to do so,  Varadkar told parliament in answer to a question on Trump s comments.    Ireland s 12.5 percent corporate tax rate has long made it a hub for investment from major U.S. multinationals like Google (GOOGL.O) and Facebook (FB.O) and a target for criticism from U.S. politicians. Irish policymakers have responded by consistently stressing that the corporate tax rate will neither go up or down and the rate was reaffirmed just last week in the government s budget for 2018.   Our corporate profit tax is 12.5 percent, has been for a very long time through changes of government, through recessions and through periods of growth, and it as much that certainty that is as important to business as anything else,  Varadkar said. Trump has said he would like to see the U.S. corporate income tax rate reduced to 20 percent from 35 percent, in part to better compete with lower tax jurisdictions like Ireland. ",1
17128,EU's Tusk proposes opening internal preparations of next phase of Brexit talks,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - European Council President Donald Tusk on Wednesday noted promising progress in Brexit talks and said he would propose to 27 EU leaders to open internal preparations for the second phase of negotiations about ties between London and the bloc after Britain leaves in March, 2019. ",1
17129,"U.S., Russia set for likely U.N. row over Syria toxic gas inquiry","UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The United States said on Wednesday it would push the United Nations Security Council to renew within days an international inquiry into who is to blame for chemical weapons attacks in Syria, setting the stage for a likely showdown with Russia.  Russia has questioned the work and future of the joint inquiry by the U.N. and the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW), and said it would decide whether to support extending the mandate after investigators submit their next report. The inquiry, known as the Joint Investigative Mechanism (JIM), is due to report by Oct. 26 on who was responsible for an April 4 attack on the opposition-held town of Khan Sheikhoun that killed dozens of people.   We would like to see it renewed prior to the report coming out,  U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. Nikki Haley told reporters.  The Russians have made it very clear that should the report blame the Syrians suddenly they won t have faith in the JIM. If the report doesn t blame the Syrians then they say that they will. We can t work like that,  Haley said. A separate OPCW fact-finding mission determined in June that the banned nerve agent sarin had been used in the Khan Sheikhoun attack, which prompted the United States to launch missiles on a Syrian air base. Haley said she would circulate a draft resolution to the 15-member Security Council later on Wednesday to renew the mandate for the JIM, which is due to expire in mid-November. It was unanimously created by the council in 2015 and renewed in 2016. A resolution must get nine votes in favor and not be vetoed by any of the council s five permanent members - Russia, China, the United States, Britain and France - in order to pass. The JIM has found that Syrian government forces were responsible for three chlorine gas attacks in 2014 and 2015 and that Islamic State militants used mustard gas. Syria agreed to destroy its chemical weapons in 2013 under a deal brokered by Russia and the United States. The Syrian government has repeatedly denied using chemical weapons during a civil war that has lasted more than six years. Mikhail Ulyanov, director of the Russian Foreign Ministry s non-proliferation and arms control department, said on Friday there were  serious problems  with the work of the inquiry.  In order to judge if it deserves an extension of the mandate, we need to see the report ... and assess it,  Ulyanov told a briefing at the United Nations to present Moscow s view on the  Syrian chemical dossier.  ",1
17130,Romania finalizes draft of judiciary overhaul criticized by EU,"BUCHAREST (Reuters) - Romania has put the finishing touches to a plan to overhaul the judiciary that critics say erodes judicial independence and which will have to be discussed with the European Union. When the scheme was first outlined in August, Brussels asked government for more details, expressing concern it may be a step backwards in the country s fight against corruption. The plan, also questioned by the president, magistrates and diplomats, was announced just six months after the Social Democrat-led (PSD) government attempted to weaken a crackdown on graft, triggering Romania s largest street protests in decades. Justice Minister Tudorel Toader gave no details of the new contents of the draft, but the original announcement included giving the minister control over the judicial inspection unit, currently managed by an independent magistrates  watchdog (CSM). Critics say that would mean the minister could put pressure on judges. More than 3,500 magistrates across the country have signed a petition, asking the minister to withdraw the plan. The ministry has finalised the bill. We ve written a  request for an opinion from the Venice Commission ... there will also be a discussion with Frans Timmermans on Oct. 26,  Justice Minister Tudorel Toader told reporters on Wednesday. The Venice Commission is part of the Council of Europe rights body. Timmermans is the European Commission s vice president. Romania is seen as one of the bloc s most corrupt member states and Brussels keeps its justice system under special monitoring together with southern neighbor Bulgaria. In fellow former Communist country Poland, an overhaul of the judiciary, coupled with a government drive to expand its powers in other areas, including control of media, has provoked a crisis in relations with the European Union. Other changes outlined in August in Romania included the way in which chief prosecutors are appointed, so it would be the justice minister naming them rather than the country s president, who is traditionally above party politics.      However, the PSD leader Liviu Dragnea said on Tuesday he would not favor stripping President Klaus Iohannis from the chain of appointing the top prosecutors, suggesting that might be watered down in the final version.  The bill is expected to go to parliament s legal commission for debate.     Last week, the government reshuffled the cabinet after Prime Minister Mihai Tudose said corruption allegations that forced two ministers to quit had created problems for his government with Brussels. Dragnea was himself convicted in a vote-rigging case in 2016 for which he received a suspended jail sentence.  But controversy surrounding the PSD did not stop it from winning the 2016 election with support from voters in the countryside and those nostalgic for the communist-era who are more interested in pensions and wages rather than in a fight against graft.    ",1
17131,Four Britons kidnapped in Nigeria's Delta state: police,"YENAGOA, Nigeria (Reuters) - Four Britons have been kidnapped in Nigeria s southern Delta state, a police official said on Wednesday. The police are attempting to rescue the four people, who were taken by unidentified gunmen on Oct. 13, said Andrew Aniamaka, a spokesman for Delta state police.  Kidnapping for ransom is a common problem in parts of Nigeria. A number of foreigners have, in the last few years, been kidnapped in the Niger Delta region, which holds most of the country s crude oil - the country s economic mainstay.     The abductors have not made any contact but we are doing our investigations to know the motive and have them rescued without jeopardising their lives,  said Aniamaka.  Information available to us shows they are missionaries giving free medical services,  he said, adding that the British nationals had been working in a very rural area. There was an increase in crime in the southern region last year that coincided with a series of attacks on energy facilities. However, there have been no militant attacks on energy installations so far this year. ",1
17132,Blaze in firecracker workshop kills six in eastern India,"BHUBANESWAR, India (Reuters) - Flames swept through an illegal firecracker workshop in the eastern Indian state of Odisha on Wednesday, killing at least six people, police said. The fire broke out as workers were making crackers for Thursday s celebrations of Diwali, the Hindu festival of lights, district police chief Niti Shekhar told Reuters.  The blaze injured seven others, leaving some with serious burns, he said.      They had stocked crackers in the cottage illegally. Some workers were making the crackers and some were present to purchase the crackers,  he added. Local television channels showed fire and smoke billowing out of the workshop in a cottage in Bahabalpur village, about 200 km (120 miles) from state capital Bhubaneswar. ",1
17133,Iraqi forces take control of Kurdish-held areas in Mosul's Niveveh's province,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqi forces have taken control of areas previously held by Kurdish forces in Mosul s Nineveh province in northern Iraq, a military statement said on Wednesday. The areas were evacuated by Kurdish Peshmerga fighters before the arrival of the Iraqi forces on Tuesday, the statement said. The Peshmerga had taken them over the past three years as part of the war against Islamic State militants. The Mosul Dam, northwest of the city, is among the positions retaken from the Peshmerga, the military statement said.   Responding to a Kurdish referendum on independence held last month, Iraqi government forces backed by Iranian-trained paramilitary groups captured the Kurdish-held oil region of Kirkuk on Monday, transforming the country s balance of power. Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi ordered the retaking of Kirkuk on Monday, as well as all disputed areas claimed by both the semi-autonomous Kurdistan Regional Government and the central authorities in Baghdad. ",1
17134,PM praises Italy's migrant policy as U.N. cites humanitarian crisis,"ROME (Reuters) - Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni said on Wednesday that Italy was a model for Europe on how to reduce migrant arrivals, a day after U.N. agencies said its policies had trapped tens of thousands of people in dire conditions in Libya.  Italy is proud to be a good example on the issue of migrants,  Gentiloni told parliament before attending a meeting of European Union leaders where immigration policy will be discussed in Brussels on Thursday and Friday.  We have reduced the number of people dying at sea and the number of irregular-migrant arrivals,  he said. Sea arrivals to Italy and deaths recorded in the Central Mediterranean are down by a quarter so far this year. On Wednesday, EU border agency Frontex said September arrivals dropped by two thirds versus a year earlier. After more than 600,000 arrivals from North Africa   mostly Libya   in less than four years, Italy trained and equipped the Libyan coast guard, and an Italian navy ship is in Tripoli s port to repair vessels used to turn back migrant boats.     With a national election due in the spring, Rome has promised tens of millions of euros to Tripoli and to local authorities to help them shut down people smuggling. The European Union has left Italy largely on its own to deal with Libya, where there are hundreds of armed militias and two rival governments vying for power six years after the ouster of  Muammar Gaddafi. More than 20,000 migrants have been trapped in farms, houses and warehouses around Sabratha, the U.N. refugee agency (UNHCR) estimates, in a situation of  human suffering and abuse on a shocking scale,  spokesman Andrej Mahecic said on Tuesday.   Amongst the refugees and migrants who suffered abuse at the hands of smugglers, there are pregnant women and new born babies,  Mahecic said.  While Gentiloni said there must be an increase in resources  for the migrants in Libyan camps, he added that Italy s success in reducing migrant arrivals was  very positive . The United Nations, on the other hand, is calling for Europe to create safe and legal pathways to Europe for refugees and migrants so that they will not try to reach Europe by making the dangerous journey through Libya. ",1
17135,U.N. Tribunal schedules verdict in Mladic war crimes trial for Nov. 22,"AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - The U.N. Yugoslav tribunal on Wednesday said is has scheduled its verdict in the war crimes trial of former Bosnian Serb Gen. Ratko Mladic for Nov. 22. Mladic is accused of crimes including genocide for his alleged role as the military leader who oversaw the massacre of more than 8,000 men and boys at Srebrenica, Bosnia in July 1995. ",1
17136,Austria's far-right stakes claim to interior ministry ahead of coalition talks,"VIENNA (Reuters) - Austria s far-right Freedom Party (FPO) on Wednesday named control of the interior ministry as its price for joining a future coalition government following its strong showing in a parliamentary election. The anti-immigrant, anti-Islam FPO won around 26 percent of votes cast in Sunday s election. The conservative People s Party (OVP) won most votes by also taking a hard line on immigration, while the centre-left Social Democrats took second place. Asked if the FPO would stick by its pre-election insistence that it would only join a future coalition if its candidate became interior minister, party leader Heinz-Christian Strache told reporters:  Yes.   We won t go down on our knees for anyone. At 26 percent we naturally aim to implement our (FPO) policies in government,  Strache added. The interior ministry in Austria oversees asylum claims and the fight against terrorism, among other responsibilities. Austria s president will on Friday formally ask Sebastian Kurz, leader of the OVP, the largest party at around 32 percent, to start negotiations on forming a new coalition government. The OVP and the FPO overlap in their plans to curb immigration, cut social benefits for refugees, reduce the tax burden on companies and work towards repatriating powers to national governments from Brussels while strengthening external border security. (Click tmsnrt.rs/2yVUDsq for Election graphic) All parties have kept their coalition options open, but the Social Democrats (SPO) are technically still bound by a party conference decision from 2014 that bans it from entering into a coalition government with the Freedom Party.  Under Austria s outgoing Social Democrat chancellor, Christian Kern, the SPO has opened up significantly to the Freedom Party by introducing a so-called  value compass  for potential partners which does not specifically rule out working with the Freedom Party. But Strache said on Wednesday that as long as there was no fresh vote among the Social Democrats  base to formally annul the 2014 decision, talk of his party teaming up with the SPO was  theoretical . Influential FPO official Manfred Haimbuchner told newspaper Der Standard that he definitely preferred his party to form a government with the conservatives. The FPO was founded by ex-Nazis in the 1950s and first became a major political force in the 1990s under the charismatic Joerg Haider, who praised Hitler s employment policies. Today the party says it has put its Nazi past behind it and purged its ranks of anti-Semitism but still frequently has to expel members for anti-Semitic comments. It has, however, stopped calling for Austria to leave the European Union. For more stories on Austria s election, please see ",1
17137,Greek police cut down to size: EU court rules for women,"LUXEMBOURG (Reuters) - European police forces cannot impose blanket height restrictions on recruits because that discriminates against women, the EU s top court ruled on Wednesday, throwing out an argument from the Greek government. Athens had defended a minimum height requirement for entry to the Greek police academy of 1.70 meters (5 feet 7 inches) after a woman complained of sex discrimination when her application to join the force was rejected in 2007 because she was too short. But the European Court of Justice ruled that such a blanket restriction was not justified. It said some tasks in the police - it cited traffic duty - do not require special physical characteristics while even for those for which a physical aptitude is needed, tests could be less discriminatory against women. Women account for 13 percent of police officers in Greece. That compares to 18 percent in France, where a 1.60-metre rule was scrapped in 2010, and fully 29 percent in England and Wales, which abandoned minimum heights for both men and women 27 years ago. Until 1990, English women had to be at least 1.60 meters tall to join the police - 3 centimeters less than men. ",1
17138,"Explosion damages Swedish police station, none injured","STOCKHOLM (Reuters) - An explosion overnight in the southern Swedish town of Helsingborg caused extensive damage to the entrance of a police station, authorities said on Wednesday. Nobody was injured in the explosion, which occurred shortly after midnight local time and also shattered windows in a neighboring building, police said in a statement.  It is unclear what caused the detonation,  police said. Police said they were carrying out checks in the Helsingborg area but had not made any arrests. Gang-related violent crime in southern Sweden has been in the spotlight in recent years with several shootings in the region.  ",1
17139,May might leave next stage of Brexit bill until next month,"LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May has not yet set a date for the next stage in the passage of legislation to sever ties with the European Union, her spokesman said on Wednesday after the BBC reported it would not be until November, later than many had expected. The EU withdrawal bill, which seeks largely to  copy and paste  EU law into British legislation to ensure Britain has functioning laws and the same regulatory framework as the bloc at the moment of Brexit, is the next major hurdle for May. Weakened by a June election when she lost her governing Conservatives  majority and an ill-fated party conference that failed to reset her agenda, May wants to steer the bill through both houses of parliament with as little difficulty as possible. But lawmakers have already proposed several amendments to the bill, including some to hand parliament a vote at the end of the negotiating process with the EU and others to reduce the amount of power the government gives itself to amend laws. Asked whether the government was planning to introduce the legislation into the so-called committee phase of its lengthy passage towards the statute book in November, her spokesman told reporters:  We haven t yet confirmed a date for the bill at the committee stage.   But the leader of the house will set out (next week s business) tomorrow,  he added, referring to a weekly procedure when the government sets out its agenda, which may, or may not, include the EU withdrawal bill. Earlier, the BBC cited sources as saying it would not be introduced until after a parliamentary recess ends on Nov. 13. Sources in both the Conservative and opposition Labour parties expect the government to offer some concessions to avoid a defeat, amending powers which allow ministers to rewrite some laws without consulting parliament. Several Conservative lawmakers said they would not vote on any amendment that had been backed by opposition Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn. But the sheer number of amendments could slow the progress of a bill which the government says is essential to ease Britain s departure from the EU in March 2019 and give certainty to business. ",1
17140,Kenya opposition calls for protests on date repeat election due,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenya s opposition leader Raila Odinga called on Wednesday for a mass protest on Oct. 26, the date the country is due to hold a presidential vote that he is boycotting.   Demonstrations will continue. October 26 will be the biggest demonstration of them all,  he told a crowd of several thousand cheering supporters in Nairobi.  ",1
17141,"Rights groups urge EU, Japan to consider halt in funding for  Cambodian election","BANGKOK (Reuters) - Rights groups on Wednesday urged the European Union and Japan to consider halting their funding for the election panel in Cambodia, if the ruling party succeeds in a bid to dissolve the main opposition party ahead of next year s general election. The ruling Cambodia People s Party (CPP) has launched a crackdown on its critics, including politicians, independent media and non-government bodies. Nearly half the opposition members of parliament have fled abroad since September. In a session boycotted by the opposition, Cambodia s parliament voted on Monday to change party laws to re-distribute seats if a party is dissolved. The measure came after the government filed a lawsuit this month seeking to dissolve the main opposition Cambodia National Rescue Party (CNRP).  If the government s position to dissolve the opposition Cambodia National Rescue Party succeeds, next year s election will be a joke,  Phil Robertson, deputy director for Asia at New York-based group Human Rights Watch, told Reuters.  At that point, both the EU and Japan should face reality and terminate their financial and technical assistance to avoid lending credibility to what will be a charade of democracy,  he added, speaking after a news conference in Bangkok. Japan and the EU are the two biggest foreign funders of the 2018 vote. China and the United States have also contributed, with the United States providing trucks and technical support, while Japan has given computers. Japan s embassy in Phnom Penh did not reply to a Reuters request for comment on the matter. George Edgar, head of the EU delegation to Cambodia, said the EU remains  ready to support a credible electoral process  but added that the polls should only go ahead with the opposition s involvement. He urged Cambodian authorities not to go ahead with the dissolution of the opposition party.  The EU remains ready to support a credible electoral process up to the National Assembly election in 2018. However we do not believe that a process from which the main opposition party was arbitrarily excluded could be seen as legitimate,  Edgar told Reuters. Cambodia s election commission was not immediately available for comment. The CPP has used  dirty tricks  to jail opposition leaders and force others into exile, Robertson added. CNRP leader Kem Sokha was arrested on Sept. 3 and charged with treason after the government said he had conspired with foreign advisers to topple it. Cambodia is relying on a partisan judiciary to silence critics and  dismantle democracy , the Geneva-based International Commission of Jurists (ICJ) said in a report on Wednesday.      Old laws are being dusted off and new laws are being created,  Kingsley Abbot, the group s southeast Asia adviser, told reporters.  And all of these have led to a list of seemingly politicized investigations.   In recent months, the government of Prime Minister Hun Sen, who has ruled Cambodia for more than 30 years, has revoked the licenses of about 15 independent radio stations. The Cambodia Daily, an English-language newspaper, was also forced to shut in September following government allegations of non-payment of millions of dollars in taxes.  Hun Sen has the backing of Beijing, which says it supports Cambodia s right to maintain its national security. ",1
17142,Coming of age in an era of prosperity: Meet China's 'bubble generation',"WUHAN, China (Reuters) - Call them China s bubble generation. They were born after the crushing of the Tiananmen Square pro-democracy protests, raised mostly without siblings during an unprecedented economic boom, and came of age as Xi Jinping, China s strongest leader in decades, ascended to power. It s a generation that grew up in an era of prosperity and peace; one that has not  eaten bitterness  - or struggled - as their parents and grandparents did. With Xi starting another five years as China s top leader, Reuters sought to get to know some members of this bubble generation - 10 people who graduated from university and entered the workforce when Xi s first term started five years ago. They are the  Class of 2012 . The 10 men and women represent just a fraction of the 190 million people born in the 1990s, but they provided key insights into Xi s China and the generation that will inherit his legacy. They live in Beijing, Shanghai, Chengdu, Wuhan and Putuan, in Hubei province. Their backgrounds are diverse. They are the sons and daughters of a former factory owner, restaurateurs, a doctor, a construction worker, a local official, and a school administrator. They attended three different universities   China s leading trade and economics college in Beijing, a regional university in the central city of Wuhan, and a third-tier technology school in the southwestern city of Chengdu. That makes them somewhat privileged in a country where relatively few people get to pursue higher education. Their experiences differ, often widely. And yet, they have much in common. They are optimistic, open-minded and tend to have a free-spirited streak, even though family roots and obligations remain important. For the unmarried among them, some feel acute pressure to find a mate. Others actively reject the traditional path.   A good thing about our generation is that, I think, we have more direction in our lives,  said Wu Qiong, the 27-year-old daughter of an insurance saleswoman and a kindergarten headmaster in Wuhan.  Really, you know how you want to live your life, rather than everyone living the same way.  They crave travel and experiences, and grew up in comfort for the most part. Most have had everything they ve needed - food and clothing - and often more, things like Nintendo Gameboys or vacations. They ve all known extraordinary economic growth year in and year out, making a painful slowdown hard to imagine. Property prices only rise in their world   a double edged sword for young adults trying to get established. China s upward trajectory is a given.  I think the world is getting better and better,  said Qin Lijuan, 28, a personal finance consultant in Chengdu.  Even if we face an economic crisis, as long as you make safe plans your life is still worry-free.  Members of the  Class of 2012 , like many in China, project political apathy   reflecting perhaps instinctual caution on a sensitive topic in the presence of journalists, or possibly genuine insouciance.  I don t care about politics because my job has nothing to do with politics,  said Zheng Yue, 27, an interior designer in Chengdu.  And also I can t solve political problems. Even if I cared a lot about it, it s no use. I can t change anything.  When political issues are injected into their daily lives, as with internet censorship, they always find a workaround so they can see their favorite television shows or news stories they re interested in. Xi faces deep socio-economic challenges, and has made it clear that he believes more government control - not less - is what the country needs. But what if things go sideways, if the China narrative shifts, or if the economy slows significantly, as many economists think is inevitable? What if it hits a brick wall?  Young Chinese seem to share with young Americans of the 1950s and 1960s a near-unbridgeable generation gap and a huge optimism,  said Michael Pettis, a finance professor at the Guanghua School of Management at Peking University. But, he said, they are probably ill-prepared for future shocks, despite the experiences and advice of their parents. Try telling that to Wu. Born and raised in Wuhan, the capital of Hubei province some 700 km (435 miles) inland from Shanghai, she is in many ways emblematic of the  Class of 2012 . Articulate and cheerful, Wu decided after graduating from university that the English degree she earned was insufficient to pursue her ambitions - so she got a Master s degree in accounting. She now works in the international settlements department of a foreign bank. She hasn t been able to buy property herself, but she recently persuaded her mother to invest some of her life savings in an apartment in a development called  Cambridge City . The buildings are next to a subway line under construction. Their plan is to flip it in a couple years.  The appreciation in house values is much bigger than the return on fixed-term deposits at banks,  Wu said.  For sure it won t go down.  In terms of job security, Wu also doesn t seem to worry.  In my life I m not afraid of the future at all,  she said.  I don t fear change.   And, she adds,  if some day there s a big economic crisis and the financial sector falls into recession I think I could go back and be an English teacher.      ",1
17143,Return of Bangladesh opposition chief could herald more active politics,"DHAKA (Reuters) - Bangladesh s opposition leader, former prime minister Khaleda Zia, returned home on Wednesday to a rapturous welcome from her supporters after more than three months away for medical treatment in Britain. Bangladeshi politics has been mired for years in rivalry between Khaleda and Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina, and Khaleda s return could herald an increase in political activity in preparation for a general election due by the end of next year. Both women are related to former national leaders, and they have alternated as prime minister for years. In Khaleda s absence, at least two arrest warrants were issued against her in connection with political turbulence and she was already on bail over several cases. Her lawyers have dismissed the cases as harassment but a spokesman for her Bangladesh Nationalist Party (BNP) Mohammad Shamsuddin, said she might appear in court on Thursday in connection with the cases. Mohammad Shahidul Huq, inspector general of police, told reporters he had no instructions to arrest her. Hundreds of party supporters waving placards and banners gathered outside the international airport in the capital, Dhaka, to welcome her home. Bangladesh is struggling to cope with an influx of more than half a million Rohingya Muslim refuges from Myanmar since late August and the crisis could become a divisive issue in the run-up to the election. ",1
17144,Saudi Arabia to vet use of Prophet's sayings to counter extremism,"RIYADH (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia, the birthplace of Islam, is to monitor interpretations of the Prophet Mohammad s teachings to prevent them being used to justify violence or terrorism, the Culture and Information Ministry has said. In a decree, King Salman ordered the establishment of an authority to scrutinize uses of the  hadith  - accounts of the sayings, actions or habits of the Prophet that are used by preachers and jurists to support teachings and edicts on all aspects of life. The ministry said late on Tuesday that the body s aim would be to  eliminate fake and extremist texts and any texts that contradict the teachings of Islam and justify the committing of crimes, murders and terrorist acts . The body will be based in Medina and overseen by a council of senior Islamic scholars from around the world, according to the decree. The ministry offered no specific details of how it would work in practice. Islamist groups such as Islamic State and al Qaeda have used interpretations of hadiths - numbered in the thousands and pored over by scholars for centuries - to justify violence and to urge supporters to carry out attacks. Saudi Arabia s approach to religious doctrine is important because of its symbolic position as the birthplace of Islam, while its oil exports allow it to fund mosques abroad. Its ultra-conservative Wahhabi clergy have been close to the Al Saud dynasty since the mid-18th century, offering it Islamic legitimacy in return for control over mosques and universities. The traditional Wahhabi doctrine favors a strict version of Islamic law and a return to early Muslim practices, and views Shi ites as heretics. But senior clergy have denounced militant Islamist doctrines such as those of al Qaeda or Islamic State, while the government, which vets clerics in Saudi Arabia s 70,000 mosques, has sacked many for encouraging violence or sedition. Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir said last month that thousands of extremist clerics had been dismissed, although he gave no timeframe. The government has begun to promote an alternative narrative of Saudi identity that keeps Wahhabism as a central focus, but still allows secular themes such as nationalism and cultural heritage that predates Islam to shine through. The ministry said the body would serve Islam by creating  a solid scientific reference to vet and verify the authenticity of hadiths , which are second in importance only to the Koran in Islam. It did not say what form the reference would take. The decree issued by the king, whose official title is Custodian of the Two Holy Mosques - Islam s most revered places in Mecca and Medina - said the body would be chaired by Sheikh Mohammed bin Hassan al-Sheikh, a member of the Council of Senior Scholars, which serves as Saudi Arabia s highest religious body. ",1
17145,Reveal your sources: Swiss suspect told in German spy trial,"FRANKFURT (Reuters) - Prosecutors pressured a Swiss man accused of spying on a German tax authority to name his inside source or face up to five years in jail.    The 54-year-old man, identified only as Daniel M., appeared in a Frankfurt court on Wednesday charged with spying on the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia s (NRW) tax authority and some of its staff for nearly four years up to February 2015.     Prosecutors say he was trying to find out how German states obtained CDs containing details of bank accounts held secretly in Switzerland by Germans hoping to avoid tax.     They also say he placed a source at NRW s tax authority, which his lawyers have denied.     The case triggered outrage in Germany but Swiss authorities have defended their efforts to combat the theft of business secrets.    At the trial, federal prosecutor Lienhard Weiss said he would agree to a suspended sentence of between 18 months and two years, plus a fine of 50,000 euros ($58,735) in cash, in exchange for information.      If there is a confession and the defendant makes plausible statements on the identity of the informant, then a plea ... would be imaginable,  he said.  Otherwise, Daniel M. may face a prison sentence of up to five years if found guilty of espionage on behalf of a foreign state. He had not made a plea or responded to the charges. The German state of NRW has for years irritated Switzerland by buying data as part of a crackdown on Germans stashing cash in secret accounts to avoid paying tax.     The state has spent 17.9 million euros since 2010 on data that has helped it recover nearly 7 billion euros in tax revenue.    The Swiss government has acknowledged that police asked intelligence agency NDB in 2011 to help with an investigation related to the stolen data in Germany but has declined to give more details.     Germany s federal prosecutor s office has said Daniel M., who has in the past worked as a police officer in Switzerland and then provided security for Swiss bank UBS, gathered personal information on state tax investigators so that Swiss authorities could prosecute the officials involved in buying the tax data CDs.      The office has said payments totalling more than 100,000 euros were made in connection with his efforts to obtain information, some of which went to Daniel M. and some of which was passed on to unidentified third parties.      We need concrete information on the ... payments, to whom they were made and for what,  presiding judge Josef Bill said on Wednesday.     Robert Kain, one of Daniel M. s lawyers, said the defendant would make a statement when the trial continues on Oct. 26.     ($1 = 0.8513 euros) ",1
17146,Qatar emir says open to dialogue to resolve Gulf crisis,"BOGOR, Indonesia (Reuters) - Qatar is  open to dialogue  in resolving a dispute that has seen the Gulf state isolated from its Arab neighbors, its emir said during a visit to Indonesia on Wednesday. Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Egypt and Bahrain cut diplomatic and trade ties with Qatar on June 5, accusing it of financing terrorism and maintaining too close of ties to their arch-rival Iran. Doha denies the charges. Qatari Emir Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad al-Thani said he discussed the issue with President Joko Widodo of Indonesia, which has the world s largest population of Muslims and has close ties to the Arab world.          We conveyed...that Qatar is ready to conduct a dialogue to solve the problem as we already know that no one will win,  Thani told reporters after meeting with Widodo at the state palace in Bogor, outside the capital of Jakarta.  We are all brothers and suffering because of this crisis,  he added. President Widodo did not publicly address the dispute. The leader of the world s biggest exporter of liquefied natural gas also visited Malaysia - another Muslim-majority nation - and Singapore this week.     Saudi and other Arab nations have made a list of 13 wide-ranging demands of Qatar, including closing down the Al Jazeera television network and curbing ties with Iran.  Kuwait and top United States officials have attempted to mediate between the parties, but there is little sign that the crisis will be resolved soon. ",1
17147,Germany suspends training of Kurdish fighters in northern Iraq,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany will suspend its mission training Kurdish Peshmerga fighters in northern Iraq because of the conflict between the Kurds and the Iraqi government, the German defense minister said on Wednesday. Germany has been a major partner for the Iraqi Kurds. It has provided 32,000 assault rifle and machine guns, as well as other weapons valued at around 90 million euros since September 2014. About 130 German soldiers are based in Erbil where they are providing training to the Kurdish fighters. The Kurdish Peshmerga are at the forefront of the campaign against Islamic State and had significantly expanded their influence to bring the oil region under their control.  But responding to a Kurdish vote for independence in a non-binding referendum, Iraqi government forces backed by Iranian-trained paramilitary groups captured the Kurdish-held oil region of Kirkuk on Monday, transforming the country s balance of power. The German government, which agreed on Wednesday on three-month extension of seven other foreign assignments for its armed forces, suspended the training of the Kurdish fighters as it sought to  always ensure the unity of Iraq .  We had agreed last Friday with the foreign office to pause the training so no wrong signal would be sent,  Defence Minister Ursula von der Leyen told reporters. The minister said the German mission of equipping and training the Kurds for their fight against Islamic State was necessary and the right thing to do.  We haven t forgotten how it looked like in 2014 when IS tried to commit genocide against the Yazidis and was around 10 km from Baghdad,  she said. The suspension of the training is temporary and resuming it will depend on daily examination of the situation in Iraq, said the government spokesman on Wednesday. Germany had warned Iraqi Kurds against holding what it called a  one-sided  referendum and had urged Iraqi and Kurdish officials to avoid any steps that could lead to a further escalation of the situation. Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel on Tuesday called on all conflict parties in northern Iraq to immediately stop military actions and engage in direct talks.  The conflict between the region of Kurdistan-Iraq and the Iraqi government is giving us the greatest cause for concern,  he said in a statement.   There is no reason why anyone should believe that there is a military solution to the tensions in Iraq that have flared up in recent days,  Gabriel said. ",1
17148,"Saudi airplane arrives in Baghdad, first time in 27 years","BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A Saudi Arabian commercial airplane arrived in Baghdad on Wednesday for the first time in 27 years, the Iraqi transport ministry said. There have been no flights between the neighbouring countries since former Iraqi President Saddam Hussein invaded Kuwait in 1990. Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates are both wooing Baghdad now in an effort to halt the growing regional influence of arch-foe Iran.  Baghdad International Airport today welcomed the first Saudi plane after a 27-year break,  said a ministry statement cited by local media.  This plane belongs to the Saudi company Flynas.  Flynas, which launched as Nas Air in 2007 and first turned a profit in 2015, is facing increasing competition in Saudi Arabia, its primary market. It said last week it would soon start flights to several Iraqi cities. In August the two countries said they planned to open the Arar land border crossing for trade for the first time since 1990. ",1
17149,"At least 1,300 Dutch girls per year trafficked, exploited","AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - At least 1,320 underage Dutch girls between the ages of 12 and 17 fall victim to sexual exploitation in the Netherlands each year, a report on human trafficking published on Wednesday showed. That group makes up nearly half of female trafficking victims in the Dutch sex industry, Corinne Dettmeijer, National Rapporteur on Trafficking in Human Beings and Sexual Violence against Children, said in the study. Dettmeijer said the report contained the first reliable statistics on human trafficking in the Netherlands and the first of their kind in Europe, but was concerned by a decline in cases indicating that fewer were being reported. The 108-page report compiled both domestic and United Nations figures from 2012-2016. The United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime, which cooperated on the report, is encouraging other countries to  produce similar data, to help create a clearer international picture of the scale of the crimes. The total number of human trafficking victims in the Netherlands is roughly five times higher than reported figures indicated, at about 6,250 cases per year, it said,  meaning that many victims stay out of sight of authorities and support agencies.  Roughly half of about 3,000 cases of sexual exploitation, predominantly woman, involved underage girls.   The number is high, but what makes these statistics unique is that they show us what specific groups are falling prey to human trafficking,  National Rapporteur Corinne Dettmeijer said in an interview.  It has exposed our blind spots.   In a report published in 2015, the European Commission said there had been over 30,000 victims of human trafficking between 2010-2012 across all EU member States, of which around 1,000 were child victims were trafficked for sexual exploitation.  Dettmeijer said it was known that a relatively high number of women from Central and Eastern Europe were being forced into the sex industry, but the number of underage Dutch girls was surprising. The figures were also remarkable because the number of reported cases of trafficking has fallen sharply over the past five years, from nearly 1,300 in 2012 to below a thousand last year.  I am very concerned about the falling number of reported cases,  Dettmeijer said.  This means that an increasingly larger portion of trafficking of humans is going unreported.  ",1
17150,EU calls on Israel to stop plans for new West Bank settlements,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Israel must halt new building plans for settler homes in the West Bank, the European Union s foreign service said in a statement on Wednesday, warning that such settlements threatened any future peace deal with the Palestinians.  The European Union has requested clarifications from Israeli authorities and conveyed the expectation that they reconsider these decisions, which are detrimental to on-going efforts towards meaningful peace talks,  the statement said.  All settlement activity is illegal under international law, and it undermines the viability of the two-state solution and the prospect for a lasting peace.  The EU maintains that the lands Israel has occupied since the 1967 Middle East war - including the West Bank, East Jerusalem and the Golan Heights - are not part of the internationally recognized borders of Israel. ",1
17151,Iran military chief of staff says not acceptable for Israel to violate Syria,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Iranian military chief of staff General Mohammad Baqeri said the Islamic Republic would not accept Israeli violations of Syria, according to the Islamic Republic News Agency (IRNA).  It is not acceptable for the Zionist regime to violate Syria anytime it wants,  Baqeri said during a visit to Damascus, according to IRNA. ",1
17152,Kenyan election board chairman says hard to guarantee free election,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenya s election board chairman Wafula Chebukati said on Wednesday ahead of a repeat presidential poll on Oct. 26 that it was  difficult  to guarantee the election would be free and fair. He invited political leaders in the country to discuss impediments to the vote, which was ordered by the Supreme Court on Sept. 1, adding he would not tolerate further threats to board staff.    ",1
17153,"Turkey's talks with U.S. on visa crisis going in 'good direction', Erdogan spokesman says","ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkey s talks with the United States over an on-going visa crisis are headed in a  good direction , President Tayyip Erdogan s spokesman said on Wednesday. Visa operations were mutually suspended by the two countries on Oct. 8, in a widening diplomatic row over Ankara s arrest of Turkish national employed by the U.S. consulate in Istanbul. A delegation from the United States arrived in Turkey on Tuesday to discuss the resolution of the crisis. Erdogan s spokesman, Ibrahim Kalin, made the comment in an interview broadcast by state channel TRT Haber. ",1
17154,"Russian, Israeli leaders discuss Iran nuclear program, Syria, Iraq","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin had a telephone conversation with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to discuss the Iran nuclear program, the Kremlin said on Wednesday. In a phone call, held on the initiative of the Israeli side, the two leaders also discussed the situation in Syria and the referendum in Iraq s Kurdistan, the Kremlin said in a statement. ",1
17155,Austrian president tells Kurz to heed 'European values' on coalition,"VIENNA (Reuters) - Austria s president warned conservative election victor Sebastian Kurz that European values must underpin the next government and he would scrutinize developments as Kurz considers bringing the far right back into power.  Kurz s People s Party (OVP) won Sunday s parliamentary election with a hard line on immigration that left little daylight between it and the far-right Freedom Party, two years after Austria was swept up in Europe s migration crisis.  The OVP secured about 31.5 percent of the vote, well short of a majority. A coalition with the FPO is far from certain but appears the most likely outcome after Kurz called an end to the OVP s previous coalition with the Social Democrats. Kurz, 31, has given little away about what he plans to do. The FPO was founded by ex-Nazis in the 1950s and first became a major political force in the 1990s under the charismatic Joerg Haider, who praised Hitler s employment policies. Haider led the party to a record parliamentary election score in 1999 that it came close to matching on Sunday. The FPO says it has put its Nazi past behind it and purged its ranks of anti-Semitism, but still frequently has to expel members for anti-Semitic comments. It has, however, stopped calling for Austria to leave the European Union.  I will ensure that the fundamental European values inscribed in our constitution remain the compass for Austria s future,  President Alexander Van der Bellen said on Tuesday as he received the outgoing coalition government, which will stay on in a caretaker role until a successor is formed. Austria s president holds a largely ceremonial post but has the power to appoint and dismiss governments, and can be an influential figure in forming coalitions.  I will check policy objectives but also staffing proposals very closely,  Van der Bellen added. What that means for a potential tie-up between Kurz and the FPO is unclear but Van der Bellen, a former leader of the leftist Greens, is known to have reservations about the far-right party.  Van der Bellen narrowly beat an FPO candidate in a  presidential election run-off last year, campaigning on a pro-European platform.  During his campaign he said that as president he would seek to prevent FPO leader Heinz-Christian Strache from becoming chancellor if the FPO won an election, but since taking office he has said only that the next government must be pro-European. The FPO cheered Britain s 2016 vote to leave the EU and even sketched out a case in which Austria might hold its own  Oexit  referendum on leaving the bloc. But the anti-immigrant party has since backed away from that position given that a clear majority of Austrians support EU membership. It now describes itself as  pro-European  but still criticizes the EU, calling for Brussels to hand back more powers to member states. That stance overlaps with Kurz s, since the OVP has called for a streamlined EU that focuses on  core competencies  like internal trade and securing external borders. Kurz has also said that any coalition partner must be pro-European, although whether he and Van der Bellen agree on what that means is unclear. ",1
17156,Defiant Kurds shrug off risk of trade war after independence vote,"ZAKHO, Iraq (Reuters) - More than three weeks after Iraq s Kurds voted for independence, it s business as usual at the bustling Ibrahim Khalil border crossing with Turkey. Ankara has threatened to impose economic sanctions on Iraq s autonomous Kurdistan region to deter moves towards independence, but hundreds of trucks still cross the border each day   some with supplies for Kurdish areas, others en route to Baghdad.  Closure of the border would sever a lifeline for the region in northern Iraq and step up efforts by Turkey, Iran and the Iraqi government to isolate it.   But the Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) is gambling that its three main trade partners will be reluctant to impose a blockade that would put billions of dollars in trade at risk and could hurt all sides involved.      We send about 100 packed trucks a day to Baghdad,  said Hani Anas, a trader standing by rows of steel rods stacked near the border.  Iraq will suffer as well.  It is a risky gamble for a region that is heavily dependent on food imports and oil exports, via a pipeline that passes through Turkey. The undermining of its economy could deal a heavy blow to its chances of survival as an independent state if it pushes ahead with breakaway moves. The outcome of the standoff could also have repercussions far beyond the immediate region as Iraqi Kurdistan produces about 650,000 barrels of crude oil per day   15 percent of Iraqi output and around 0.7 percent of global oil production.  The KRG has not taken any formal steps to break away from Iraq since the Kurds overwhelmingly backed independence in a referendum on Sept. 25, but has scheduled regional presidential and parliamentary elections for Nov. 1.  If Baghdad tries to hurt us it will hurt itself,  said Soran Aziz, vice president of the chamber of commerce and industry in the Kurdish administrative capital Erbil.  If borders are closed with neighboring countries it will have a limited impact on us,  he added.  If an economic blockade impacts us by 1 percent, it will impact them by 10 percent.  Baghdad opposes Kurdish independence because it wants to hold Iraq together. Iran and Turkey fear secession would encourage their own Kurdish populations to press for a homeland, and Washington worries that the tensions will damage unity in the fight against Islamic State. Iraqi Kurdistan is certainly vulnerable over its economy. Apart from oil, it is largely dependent on agriculture, tourism, and cement and steel exports to Baghdad and other Iraqi cities. But some Iraqi officials acknowledge that blocking the main trade route between Iraqi Kurdistan and other parts of Iraq would hit not just the Kurds  economy. Turkish exports to Iraq this year had by the end of August reached $6.4 billion.     This key trade route is a lifeline for all of us and we will make sure to keep it operational, no matter what levels of disagreements,  said Waleed Mohammed, an advisor to the Iraqi trade ministry.     Near the border with Turkey, traders seem confident as they work their cell phones, dealing with orders. Around them, laborers load crates of powdered milk and potatoes on to trucks that haul average loads of 27 tonnes to Baghdad and elsewhere.  There is no way anyone can close down the border. One truck arrives and then heads to Baghdad, another one goes the other way,  said Samer Rushdi, a trader who says he is so busy he cannot take time off. Even so, pressure on the Kurds has mounted since the referendum, especially from Baghdad, which has imposed an air ban on Iraqi Kurdistan, slapped sanctions on Kurdish banks and halted foreign currency transfers to the region.  Iraqi government forces have also captured the city of Kirkuk, wresting control of an area that is rich in oil and a vital source of revenue. Government forces have also taken control of Kurdish-held areas of Nineveh province, which includes the city of Mosul, and the Mosul hydro-electric dam is among the positions recaptured, according to a government statement. Iran has shut its border crossings with Iraqi Kurdistan and Turkey has said it could do the same, warning the Kurds they will go hungry if the border is closed and that their revenues will dry up if it closes the oil tap. Iran has vast economic and military influence in Iraq, but also has reason to tread cautiously.  Iraqi officials say Tehran has gained a big edge in the Iraqi market by flooding the country with cheap goods such as air conditioners and cars, and cannot afford prolonged disruptions. Iran exports goods worth about $20 million dollars to Iraq each day. One third of the exports   goods worth about $200 million a month   go to the KRG, Hamid Hosseini, head of the Iran-Iraq Chamber of Commerce, was quoted as saying by Iranian media.  About 2,000 trucks usually bring goods from Iran to Iraq each day   with 500 to 600 of them delivering items to the KRG. But since the referendum, Iran has prevented at least 600 trucks, carrying about 13,000 tonnes of fuel, from crossing the border into Iraqi Kurdistan. At the Haj Omran border post, a poster of Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini, leader of the 1979 Iranian Revolution, stares down at rows trucks lined up to cross the border.  Iran can t afford to shut the border,  Kurdish truck driver Jalal Rasoul said.  Besides, it s our right to create an independent state.  ",1
17157,Thai king marks completion of royal cremation site ahead of funeral,"BANGKOK (Reuters) - Thailand s King Maha Vajiralongkorn on Wednesday presided over a ceremony marking the end of the construction of the royal crematorium that will be used in the funeral of his father, the late King Bhumibol Adulyadej, on Oct. 26. The king blessed and then raised the Nine-Tiered Great White Umbrella of State, the most sacred regalia of the Thai monarchy, to the top of the lavish crematorium - the main site of the royal funeral that was built from scratch on an open space in front of the Grand Palace in Bangkok s old quarter. Artisans have worked for 10 months to build the site that includes eight structures decorated with ornaments of various gods and goddesses, mimicking a vision of heaven in Bhramin-Buddhist traditions of Thailand s royal court. Hundreds of thousands of black-clad mourners are expected to camp for days near the palace to observe the five-day funeral ceremony, a last goodbye to much-loved King Bhumibol who reigned over Thailand from 1946 until his death on Oct. 13, 2016. [nL4N1MM1N6] Foreign Minister Don Pramudwinai said at least 30 foreign dignitaries will attend the royal cremation and the number could rise.   The dignitaries who have confirmed their attendance include King Jigme Khesar Namgyel Wangchuck of Bhutan, Queen Maxima of the Netherlands, Queen Mathilde of Belgium, Crown Prince Haakon of Norway, Japan s Prince Akishino, Australia s Governor General Sir Peter Cosgrove and Singapore s President Halimah Yacob. About 12 million people, or almost one sixth of Thailand s population, have paid their respects to the late king, queuing up to visit the Grand Palace where he has been lying-in-state. Oct. 26 has been declared a national holiday. That night, more than 3,000 performers will join a final tribute of music and puppet shows to end a year of mourning.     ",1
17158,Bosnia's Serb region declares neutrality in bid to block NATO membership,"BANJA LUKA, Bosnia (Reuters) - Bosnia s Serb Republic on Wednesday declared itself militarily neutral in a move its president said was the first step towards a referendum on joining NATO, which is unpopular among Serbs after its 1995 and 1999 bombing campaigns in Bosnia and Kosovo. The Serb Republic is one of two autonomous regions created in Bosnia after its war in the 1990s during the break-up of the former Yugoslavia. It is tied with the Bosniak-Croat Federation via a weak central government, which is in charge of military issues. Bosnia s inter-ethnic presidency, its central government in Sarajevo and the Federation dominated by Muslim Bosniaks and Croats have long said joining NATO and the European Union are strategic priorities.  But the Bosnian Serbs lean towards closer ties with Russia, aligning their policy with that of wartime patron and ally Serbia where NATO is hugely unpopular after its 1999 bombing campaign to drive Serbian forces out of Kosovo and after 1995 NATO air strikes against rebel Serbs in Bosnia. Bosnian Serb President Milorad Dodik, a Serb nationalist, has repeatedly said closer ties with NATO should be decided by referendum in the Serb Republic, even though such decisions can only be taken at state level according to the constitution.  The National Assembly of the Republika Srpska (Serb Republic) has made a decision to proclaim military neutrality ... in relation to the existing military alliances until a possible referendum to make a final decision on the issue is held,  the resolution said. It was passed by a narrow majority in the early hours of Wednesday after hours of obstruction by Serb opposition parties over procedural matters. Bosniak deputies abstained from the vote, saying the parliament could not decide on defense issues.  This resolution is not binding and represents only a stance on the issue,  said political analyst Tanja Topic.  I think the Republika Srpska (Serb Republic) cannot decide in any capacity about Bosnia joining any military alliance or about any segment of defense because it is an entity within the Bosnian state which is the single authority for these issues,  Topic said.  Bosnia has made some progress towards fulfilling conditions for the Membership Action Plan, the forerunner to full NATO membership, but Bosnian Serbs have dragged their feet on meeting the remaining terms. Kosovo declared independence from Serbia in 2008, nine years after NATO bombing drove out Serbian forces accused of killing and expelling ethnic Albanian civilians as Serbia tried to put down an insurgency in Kosovo. Serbia refuses to recognize its independence.  ",1
17159,"ASPIRATIONS: Young Chinese seize the day, seize the hour","(Reuters) - The world is this generation s oyster.  China s  Class of 2012  is mostly ambitious and pragmatic. What do they want out of life?  For some, it's a husband. For others, an apartment in a city. Still others are happy with a stable job, or travel and new experiences.  Wang Siyue, a product specialist at an internet education company:   To be honest, how can I imagine what will happen in the next five years? You can make some plans but the world is unpredictable ... There s a very good saying: the luck of man is in balance. It s balanced. If you have good luck in the beginning, you ll have less luck later on. I believe in fate.   Hu Ruixin, a computer technician, talked about his dreams when he was in university:   I had a 15-year-plan for myself. For the first five years, I d open an advertising studio. In the next five years, I d let the studio develop into a company. With five more years, I d grow the company. But when I finally graduated from university and went into the world, I found this was hard to realize. There are too many restrictions and it s difficult, so I gave up.    The most important thing in life is responsibility. I ve got a child now and since becoming a parent feel that responsibility is really important.   Zhang Weixuan, an assistant secretary at a software company, who recently managed to get Beijing residency - a coveted  hukou :   My China Dream is simple. I hope to establish myself in a big city. Last year I got my Beijing  hukou , I successfully got it, and now I want to get married here and start my own family.    In my work field I hope to do well and in two years  time, or even now, buy a small apartment. Then I can establish myself. I think that d be pretty good.   Qi Jing, a township leader for the Communist Party Youth League, who grew up in Wuhan:   I think now my dilemma is when you reach a certain age you have less and less opportunities. Especially as a woman, your choices at work, your choices between work and family, you have to face them. Then you ll give up a lot of things. Maybe there s something you wanted to do when you were young and thought  why not give it a shot?  But what I feel now is I should slowly give them up, and focus on stability.   ",1
17160,Japan ruling coalition seen winning around two-thirds  majority: Kyodo,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe s coalition is on track for a roughly two-thirds majority in Sunday s general election, a survey by Kyodo news agency showed, as its conservative rival led by Tokyo Governor Yuriko Koike appeared to lose momentum. Japanese go to the polls on Sunday to elect representatives for the country s 465-member lower house, the more powerful of Japan s two-chamber parliament. The Kyodo poll, conducted by telephone between Oct. 15-17, showed Abe s Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) poised to win about 280 seats in the 465-member lower house. Combined with its junior coalition partner Komeito, it is likely to retain about two-thirds of the seats, Kyodo said. The ruling bloc held a two-thirds  super majority  before the chamber was dissolved for the snap election. About two-fifth of voters polled were still undecided, suggesting they could still sway the results, it said. The Party of Hope, which Tokyo Governor Koike launched last month as a  reformist, conservative  alternative to the LDP, has lost momentum since the previous survey, Kyodo said. The Constitutional Democratic Party of Japan (CDPJ), formed this month by liberal members of the Democratic Party, is set to beat out the Party of Hope to become the leading opposition party, at least doubling its representation, Kyodo added. A Reuters corporate survey published on Wednesday showed Japanese companies overwhelmingly want Abe s coalition to stay in power but also want it to lose seats, suggesting they want political stability but don t want to hand him a landslide victory. ",1
17161,"Pakistani Taliban suicide bomber rams police truck, kills seven","QUETTA, Pakistan (Reuters) - A Pakistani Taliban suicide bomber rammed a car into a police truck in the southwestern city of Quetta on Wednesday, killing at least seven people, police said. The attack killed five police officials and two passers-by on the outskirts of the city of Quetta, police chief Abdur Razzaq Cheema said. He said 22 people were wounded, eight of them critically. Sarfraz Bugti, the home minister of Baluchistan province, of which Quetta is capital, told Reuters:  It was a suicide blast.   Quetta is about 100 km (60 miles) east of the border with Afghanistan. Bugti said the truck carrying the police officials was on its way to the city to drop them at their posts when the suicide bomber rammed into the vehicle. Television pictures showed the burnt wreckage of the vehicles.  The Pakistani Taliban, an umbrella organisation of various militant groups within Pakistan, and loosely allied to the Afghan Taliban, issued a statement claiming responsibility. Baluchistan province has long been the scene of an insurgency by separatists fighting against the state to demand more of a share of the gas- and mineral-rich region s resources. They also accuse the central government of discrimination.  The Taliban, Sunni Islam militants and sectarian groups linked to al Qaeda and the Islamic State group also operate in the strategically important region, which borders Iran as well as Afghanistan. The violence has fuelled concern about security for projects in the $57 billion China Pakistan Economic Corridor, a transport and energy link planned to run from western China to Pakistan s southern deep-water port of Gwadar. A suicide bombing claimed by Islamic State at a Sufi Muslim shrine this month killed 22 people and wounded more than 30. Ayub Qureshi, the provincial police chief, said a counter-terrorism police officer was shot and killed in another part of Quetta as authorities were dealing with the suicide bombing.  A militant sectarian faction, the Lashkar-e-Jhangvi al-Almi, claimed responsibility for killing the counter-terrorism official, and for planting a roadside bomb in a northwestern region, that killed two soldiers. Security officials said a remote-controlled bomb was set off as an army vehicle passed by.      ",1
17162,Vietnam arrests dissident for attempt to overthrow government,"HANOI (Reuters) - Vietnamese police have arrested a dissident accused of attempting to overthrow the government, the communist state s official website said on Wednesday, bringing to at least 17 the number of dissidents arrested this year. Tran Thi Xuan, 41, was arrested in the northern province of Ha Tinh on Tuesday. The website did not give details of the alleged crime. Reuters was unable to contact her and it was not clear whether she had a lawyer. Despite sweeping economic reforms and growing openness to social change, the Communist Party tolerates little criticism.     The crackdown on dissent follows changes in the ruling party hierarchy early last year which gave greater influence to the security establishment.",1
17163,"Xi says China will continue to open its economy, deepen financial reforms","BEIJING (Reuters) - China will deepen economic and financial reforms and further open its markets to foreign investors as it looks to move from high-speed to high-quality growth, President Xi Jinping said on Wednesday. China will push ahead with market-oriented reforms of its foreign exchange rate as well as its financial system, and let the market play a decisive role in the allocation of resources, Xi said at the opening of a key, twice-a-decade Communist Party Congress.   China s open door will not be closed, it will be only be opened wider,  Xi said. The government will  clean up rules and practices that hinder a unified market and fair competition, support development of private firms and stimulate vitality of all types of market entities,  Xi said, while pledging to further open China s services sector to foreign investors.   However, while expressing support for market reform and private firms, Xi also called for stronger, bigger state firms.  The government will  promote strengthening, improvement and expansion of state capital, (and) effectively prevent loss of state assets, deepen reform of state-owned enterprises, development a mixed-ownership economy and cultivate globally competitive world-class firms,  Xi said.  Xi s comments reiterated a long-standing pledge by party leaders to give a greater role to free-market forces to improve efficiency and put the economy on a more sustainable growth path. But as Xi gears up for his second five-year term, foreign business executives and analysts increasingly believe market liberalization is seen as secondary to his state-centered approach to economic policy and his focus on stability. Other painful reforms that many economists say are needed have also moved slowly under Xi. They include overhauling China s bloated and debt-laden state sector, fixing the fiscal system to tackle local government debt and bringing in new property taxes to ward off housing bubbles. China should also strengthen consumption as a foundation for economic development, Xi said, and will expand the middle class and narrow the gap in development between rural and urban areas. Beijing s campaign to rein in high debt levels and industrial overcapacity will continue as part of supply-side structural reforms, he added.      Xi also proposed a goal of developing China into a  basically  modernized, innovation-driven country by 2035 and a modern  strong power  by 2050. But analysts said that suggests the government is likely to continue to target moderately high economic growth in coming years, which could see the country s large debt pile climb even further.  China s gross domestic income per capita would need to rise by an average of 6.6 percent a year in real U.S. dollar terms from 2017 onwards to become an  innovative economy  and match the development level of today s South Korea by 2035, ANZ estimated. That growth figure needs to be no lower than 4.9 percent for China to be a  modernized economy  - the by World Bank s definition of high income countries - all the way to 2050, ANZ added.  Nobody knows what is a  modernized country , but from the wording of Xi Jinping you can tell what he would like to achieve is for China to be one of the high income countries today like Japan and Australia,  said Raymond Yeung, Great China Chief Economist at ANZ in Hong Kong.  China is expected to post its strongest economic growth in several years this year, riding on a government-led construction boom, but economists said it is still relying too heavily on credit-fueled stimulus despite policymakers  vows to reduce debt risks. Some international agencies and economists have argued Beijing should abandon its arbitrary annual growth targets or lower it to become less reliant on government stimulus and bank credit. Less ambitious growth targets would also give policymakers more room for tougher reforms.  Specific economic targets for 2018 are likely to be set during an economic work meeting later this year, but are not expected to be announced until March.     The International Monetary Fund warned this year that China s credit growth was on a  dangerous trajectory  and called for  decisive action , while the Bank for International Settlements said in late 2016 that excessive debt growth was signaling a banking crisis in the next three years. For graphic on China's economic report card, click: tmsnrt.rs/2xNmnxD For graphic onChina's leadership, click: tmsnrt.rs/2yw6MG8 ",1
17164,China vows to scrap secret interrogations of Communist Party members,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China s ruling Communist Party will scrap the practice of secretive interrogations known as  shuanggui , President Xi Jinping said on Wednesday, part of broader reforms of its anti-corruption architecture. Cadres accused of graft and other disciplinary violations are routinely subjected to extrajudicial detention, isolation and interrogation by the party s much-feared Central Commission for Discipline Inspection (CCDI).  The CCDI only hands cases over to police and judiciary for prosecution. International rights groups have raised concerns of torture, including sleep deprivation, being used to obtain confessions. In a speech on Wednesday opening a key twice-a-decade party congress, Xi said shuanggui, which only applies to Communist Party cadres, will be replaced by  detention . Xi did not elaborate and it was not immediately clear what the distinction between the two will be.  Officially, China describes  shuanggui  as an internal disciplinary practice that requires officials under investigation  to cooperate with questioning at a designated place and a designated time . In practice, those under investigation are routinely held incommunicado and without access to legal representation, and a number of high-profile deaths while in custody led to discussion of reforming the system as early as 2013. New trial rules released by the CCDI in January made mandatory video and sound recordings for the entire interrogation process.  Those summoned are deprived of liberty for days, weeks, or months, during which time they are repeatedly interrogated and often tortured,  a Human Rights Watch report said in 2016. It said at least 11 people, according to media reports, had died under shuanggui since 2010.      The move to scrap the practice is part of wide-ranging legal reforms and the creation of a new National Supervisory Commission that will take over from the CCDI and merge multiple anti-graft units into a single body. The new agency will also expand the graft campaign s purview to include employees at state-backed institutions who are not necessarily Communist Party members.  This will ensure that supervision covers everyone in the public sector who exercises public power,  Xi said.  Since coming to power in 2012, Xi s signature anti-corruption drive has jailed or otherwise punished nearly 1.4 million party members and he has emphasized the importance of improving China s rule of law architecture. In his congress address, Xi said China would keep up with the  irreversible  momentum of the anti-corruption campaign, and announced a central leading group responsible for overseeing China s law-based governance.   The fight against corruption has formed an overwhelming posture and strengthened in development,  Xi said in the three-and-a-half-hour speech carried live across the nation on state television. ",1
17165,"Kosovo urges U.S. involvement in Belgrade, Pristina talks"," (This version of the October 15 story corrects PM s first name to Ramush from Ramuch in first paragraph) By Fatos Bytyci PRISTINA (Reuters) - Kosovo s newly appointed prime minister, Ramush Haradinaj, on Monday urged the United States, his country s main ally, to become involved in EU-sponsored talks between Kosovo and Serbia aimed at settling their differences. Serbia refuses to recognize independence of Kosovo, its former province, but it has committed to EU-supported talks in order to accelerate its own accession to the EU bloc.  Since 2013 the two countries have reached a series of agreements but few have been implemented so far and the talks themselves have been stalled since this spring. Haradinaj said U.S. participation was vital to move the talks forward.  A U.S. role is necessary for peace,  Haradinaj, a former guerrilla leader told Reuters.  We see a U.S. role at the table as an essential necessity.  The talks should conclude with mutual statehood recognition  between Kosovo and Serbia,  he said. Kosovo Albanians have looked on the United States as their main ally since the start of their struggle for independence in the late 1990s. Kosovo declared independence from Serbia in 2008, almost a  decade after NATO air strikes drove out Serbian forces accused of killing and expelling ethnic Albanian civilians during a counter-insurgency war. Kosovo has been recognized by 115 countries, including 23 of the EU s 28 members. But its U.N. membership is blocked by Serbia s allies Russia and China. Haradinaj said by end of the year his government would sign a deal with the U.S. power company ContourGlobal for a billion euro coal-fired power plant project. The New York-based company was the only bidder for the 660 megawatt (MW) plant that will replace the Balkan country s 40-year-old Kosovo A power plant.  The project has been criticised by environmentalists who say Kosovo should rely more on renewable energy sources rather than on coal.   It will have a clean and advanced technology and it will guarantee enough power for the next 20 years,  Haradinaj said. Kosovo still faces power shortages in winter with its two ageing coal-fired power plants under strain to meet demand.   ",1
17166,"Khamenei says Europe should stop interfering in Iran's missile work, regional policy: TV","ANKARA (Reuters) - Iran s Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said on Wednesday that Tehran would not accept pressure from European countries over its regional policy and missile programme, state TV reported.  European s interference in Iran s missile programme and our regional policy ... the Europeans  following of America s bullying policy is not acceptable for Iran,  Khamenei said. ",1
17167,"After victory in Raqqa over IS, Kurds face tricky peace","RAQQA, Syria/BEIRUT (Reuters) - Kurdish groups who led the fight against Islamic State in its former capital Raqqa must navigate a complex peace to avoid ethnic tension with the city s Arab majority and to secure critical U.S. aid. The Kurdish-dominated Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) which finally vanquished Islamic State in Raqqa on Tuesday face a big task rebuilding a city left in ruins by months of intense fighting and heavy air strikes by the U.S.-led coalition. The political challenge is no less daunting in a city that falls outside the Kurdish-dominated regions of northern Syria. The fall of Raqqa, where Islamic State staged euphoric parades after its string of lightning victories in 2014, is a potent symbol of the jihadist movement s collapsing fortunes. Its self-declared  caliphate  is also crumbling fast in eastern Syria, helping President Bashar al-Assad and his Iranian and Russian allies to recapture swathes of territory. Keenly aware of Raqqa s ethnic and tribal sensitivities, the SDF has been working hard to put Arabs at the heart of plans for local government and policing post-Islamic State, analysts say. In the short term, the Raqqa Civil Council (RCC) set up under SDF auspices must urgently provide security, repair infrastructure and supply aid to win the backing of a population exhausted by conflict, and to allow the people of Raqqa to return home.  Longer term, Raqqa s political destiny is tied to the wider fate of the war that has shattered Syria into a patchwork of areas over the last six years, including swathes of the north controlled by the Kurdish YPG militia that leads the SDF.      Ultimately, the Syrian state wants to recover control of this city on the Euphrates River, meaning it may eventually become the arena of a new conflict with Damascus, or a bargaining chip in eventual negotiations over possible Kurdish autonomy.  Whoever leads us, Kurd or Arab, we want them to provide us with services,  said a man from Raqqa, speaking outside the RCC headquarters in Ain Issa, north of the city.  Safety and security is the most important thing,  said the man, a government employee before the war who cited lingering fear of the Syrian state as his reason for staying anonymous. Raqqa was not a target for the YPG earlier in the war but gradually became one as the militia emerged as the main Syrian partner for the U.S.-led coalition.  The U.S.-led coalition says Arab fighters battling under the SDF banner made up the bulk of the force in the Raqqa campaign. But Kurdish commanders and fighters of the well-organised YPG appeared the leading force throughout the four-month campaign.    Syria s main Kurdish party, the PYD, and its allies may hope Raqqa will eventually join a new  federal  system of autonomous regions they are establishing in the north.     But Kurdish leaders say it is too early to discuss that for now, underlining local and international sensitivities surrounding the political project opposed by their U.S. allies and neighbouring Turkey. While Syrian Kurds say they want to remain part of Syria, regional concern over Kurdish separatism has deepened since Iraqi Kurds voted for independence, triggering military action by Iraq and tough measures by Turkey and Iran. Turkey, in particular, views rising Syrian Kurdish power at its border as a threat to its security, and unsuccessfully pressed Washington to abandon its alliance with the YPG in the run up to the Raqqa attack. Turkey plays host to a rival Raqqa civil council which regards the YPG as a foreign occupation force. Kurdish politicians say Raqqa s future is now entirely in the hands of its people.  So far we have not seen any reactions to indicate there will not be acceptance of the SDF, or the RCC,  said Fawza Youssef, a senior Kurdish politician, in an interview.  The ones who will remain in Raqqa will be the internal security forces and the RCC,  she said.  The security forces that are being prepared are all volunteers from Raqqa.  Some YPG fighters quickly began pulling back from the city on Tuesday, handing their positions to non-Kurdish elements of the SDF, a witness and field commanders said. The SDF applied a similar model in the northern Syrian city of Manbij last year after capturing it from Islamic State.      The (RCC) is still closely linked with YPG/PYD power structures, but they have put more time and effort into emphasising inclusivity than we have seen in some other areas,   senior International Crisis Group analyst Noah Bonsey said.  But the risk of unrest would rise if Kurdish groups were perceived to be micro-managing the city.  There is also the risk of covert interference from the outside: IS sleeper cells, and the Syrian regime may see an interest in using loyalist networks to destabilise things. Either of those dynamics could heighten ethnic tension.   Yasser al-Sayyed, a 43-year-old former car salesman from Raqqa, said people are  happy with the SDF now, of course, because they re free from Daesh (Islamic State) .  But this needs to be followed up  with aid, reconstruction and jobs. The United States has deployed a team of diplomats to Syria to work on humanitarian and stabilisation efforts. The U.S. State Department said Washington would take the lead in helping to clear rubble and restore basic services.  We will assist and take, essentially, the lead in bringing back the water, electricity and all of that,  State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert told a briefing.  But eventually the governance of the country of Syria is something that I think all nations remain very interested in.  But analysts question how long U.S. support will last. A U.S. official involved in post-Raqqa planning said support could not be channelled to a  PYD political project of expansion into this part of the country , and the United States would not support  the PYD project to make an autonomous administration . For example, the official said schools could only get aid if they were teaching a variant of the Syrian state curriculum, rather than an entirely new one.  We re not going to support a separatist entity ... that s cut and dry,  the official said. Though McGurk said nobody living in SDF-held areas wanted a return of Syrian state control, Damascus may be planning to reassert its influence. A Syrian government official forecast trouble ahead for the SDF in Raqqa and other Arab majority areas of Syria.  There is a contradiction,  said one Syrian official, speaking on condition of anonymity.  The manpower is with the Arabs, but the military power is with the Kurds.            ",1
17168,Britain says chances of resolving Northern Ireland impasse 'not positive',"LONDON (Reuters) - The chances of Northern Ireland s political parties restoring a power-sharing agreement in Northern Ireland are  not positive  and talks in the last few days have stalled, Britain s minister for the region said on Wednesday.  If I had given evidence to this committee last week I might have indicated some momentum, more progress. That progress stalled at the end of last week,  James Brokenshire told a parliamentary committee.  Unless there is a renewed spirit of compromise then the outlook for imminent resolution is not positive. Time is running out.    (This story has been refiled to remove extraneous word from headline)   ",1
17169,Seoul considers unilateral sanctions against North Korea,"SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea is considering levying its own sanctions on North Korea as the isolated state ramps up tension with its missile and nuclear provocations, the South s vice foreign minister said on Wednesday, but no decision had been made yet.  Vice Foreign Minister Lim Sung-nam made the remarks at a news conference in Seoul with Deputy U.S. Secretary of State John J. Sullivan and Japanese Vice Foreign Minister Shinsuke Sugiyama.  ",1
17170,Turkey's visa crisis with the United States is unnecessary: Turkish minister,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey s on-going visa crisis with the United States is unnecessary, Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu said on Wednesday, adding that two allies need to solve the issue with mutual understanding. Speaking at a joint news conference with his Portuguese counterpart, Cavusoglu said it was not right to punish people unrelated to the tension. ",1
17171,"Amid strained ties, North Korea congratulates China on party congress","SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea congratulated China on its 19th Communist Party Congress on Wednesday amid increasingly frayed relationships between the traditional allies, as China tightens sanctions over Pyongyang s nuclear weapons program. The central committee of the North s ruling Workers  Party of Korea said that China had made  great progress in accomplishing the cause of building socialism with Chinese characteristics  under the correct guidance of the Communist Party.  We are greatly pleased over this,  the party central committee said in the message carried by the official KCNA news agency, adding that it  sincerely wished  the China congress  satisfactory success . Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said that many foreign political parties, organizations and dignitaries had sent their congratulations, including the Workers  Party of Korea.   This all shows that the international community is paying close attention to the 19th Party Congress. We express our thanks for this,  Lu told a daily news briefing. Officials and experts in South Korea had worried that Pyongyang may conduct a weapons test to coincide with the opening of the twice-a-decade congress in Beijing, but there was no sign of that as Chinese President Xi Jinping gave his opening speech. While the United States and its allies, and many people in China, believe Beijing should do more to rein in Pyongyang, the acceleration of North Korea s nuclear and missile capabilities has coincided with a near-total breakdown of high-level diplomacy between the two. China, Pyongyang s sole major ally and which accounts for more than 90 percent of world trade with the isolated country, has said it will strictly enforce U.N. Security Council sanctions banning imports of coal, textiles and seafood, while cutting off oil shipments to the North. ",1
17172,"China's Xi says can thwart Taiwan independence, Taiwan says democracy first","BEIJING/TAIPEI (Reuters) - China has the resolve, confidence and ability to thwart any attempt by self-ruled Taiwan to declare independence, Chinese President Xi Jinping said on Wednesday, prompting Taipei to retort that only its people could decide their future. Taiwan is one of China s most important and sensitive issues. China considers proudly democratic Taiwan to be a wayward province and has never renounced the possibility of using force to bring the island under its control. Xi has set great store on trying to resolve differences, holding a landmark meeting with then-President Ma Ying-jeou in Singapore in 2015.  But relations have nosedived since Tsai Ing-wen of the pro-independence Democratic Progressive Party won presidential elections last year, with Beijing fearing she wants to push for Taiwan s formal independence, a red line for China.  We will never allow anyone, any organization, or any political party, at any time or in any form, to separate any part of Chinese territory from China,  Xi told more than 2,000 delegates at the opening of a week-long Communist Party Congress, drawing the longest applause during his 3-1/2 hour speech.  We have the resolve, the confidence and the ability to defeat separatist attempts for Taiwan independence in any form,  Xi told the audience, including some 300 from the People s Liberation Army. Beijing has suspended a regular dialogue mechanism with Taipei established under Taiwan s previous, China-friendly government, and there has been a dramatic fall in the number of Chinese tourists visiting Taiwan under Tsai s administration. Tsai says she wants peace with China but will protect Taiwan s freedom and democracy In Taipei, the cabinet s Mainland Affairs Council said it was  absolutely  the right of Taiwan s 23 million people to decide their future.  The Republic of China is a sovereign country,  the council said, using Taiwan s formal name. The perpetuation of Taiwan s democratic system was a core value of Taiwan s, the council said in reaction to Xi s speech.     Tsai and her government had been restrained and not provocative towards China, but had staunchly defended Taiwan s security and dignity.  Xi said that China respected Taiwan s  current social system and way of life .  Recognize the historical fact ... that the two sides both belong to one China, and then our two sides can conduct dialogue to address through discussion the concerns of the people of both sides, and no political party or group in Taiwan will have any difficulty conducting exchanges with the mainland,  he added. ",1
17173,Mission impossible? Merkel's coalition conundrum just got harder,"BERLIN (Reuters) - She has earned a reputation as Europe s chief crisis manager. Now Germany s Angela Merkel must forge a government out of an awkward group of allies bent on nailing down a coalition deal so tight it risks limiting her room to act if crisis strikes again. The chancellor goes into talks this week about forming a government. But her task, already tough after she lost ground in a Sept. 24 national election, is all the harder after defeat in a regional vote on Sunday further weakened her hand. The upshot is that she must draw on all her consensus-building skills to form a ruling alliance of her conservatives, the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) and the Greens. The terms of a coalition deal, should one be reached, could determine Merkel s room for maneuver on both the domestic and international stage.  During her 12 years in power, she has been able to steer Europe through its euro zone and refugee crises, in part due to her dominance at home. Any constraints on her ability to swiftly shape and enact policies could compromise Germany s leadership role.  If the three party groups fail to reach a deal at all, some in their ranks fear this could lead to public disenchantment and fuel further support for the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD), which entered parliament for the first time last month.  The combination of the groups going into coalition talks is untested at national level and Merkel s would-be allies are not guaranteeing success. The chancellor s Christian Democrats (CDU) and their Bavarian allies meet the FDP and Greens separately on Wednesday before they all meet on Friday.  Now we must gauge whether a platform for common policy can be found. For me, that is undecided,  FDP leader Christian Lindner told Deutschlandfunk radio on Tuesday. Adding to the complications, the CDU, FDP, and Greens want to put any deal to their grassroots party members for approval. FDP deputy leader Wolfgang Kubicki has said  it would be illusory to believe we could conclude negotiations by Christmas .  One major area of contention is immigration policy. The CDU and their conservative Bavarian allies, the Christian Social Union (CSU), have agreed a limit of 200,000 a year on the number of migrants Germany would accept on humanitarian grounds.  But the other parties reject a cap and instead favor an immigration law with criteria to attract highly educated workers to plug skills shortages. They say the CDU/CSU migrants agreement should not be baked into a coalition deal. Juergen Trittin of the Greens said pressure on the conservative bloc to shift right - after bleeding support to the AfD - could complicate the talks on forming a  Jamaica  coalition, so-called because the parties  colors correspond with the Jamaican flag.  I fear this will make the Jamaica exploratory talks much more difficult,  Trittin told the Passauer Neue Presse. The three party groups also have deep differences on issues ranging from European Union reform and tax to the environment.  A Jamaica coalition was formed in the tiny western German state of Saarland in October 2009, but collapsed in January 2012. The same formation took power in the far northern region of Schleswig-Holstein after elections there in May this year.  Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer, the conservative state premier of Saarland who led the former Jamaica alliance there, stressed the need to establish trust between the three national groups.  It is important that there is a basic understanding among those people negotiating,  she added. Asked how to foster trust and understanding, she replied:  Talk, talk, talk.        But the size of the negotiating teams - the CDU/CSU and Greens have 28 and 14 people respectively - is undermining trust before the talks have even begun. Kubicki told Focus magazine it was a  cardinal error  to enter the discussions with such large teams, adding this was  not conducive to building trust and no basis for good and confidential negotiations . The result of the mutual suspicion is that negotiators are pushing for  deeper agreements  in a coalition deal than in the 130 pages agreed by the outgoing  grand coalition  of Merkel s conservatives and the center-left Social Democrats (SPD). This risks limiting Merkel s freedom in policymaking. The euro zone and refugee crises, which were not foreseen in coalition agreements, were addressed with ad hoc decisions. Germany s budget surplus may help smooth the path in the coalition talks, however. It gives scope to satisfy all sides, to some degree, by paying for both tax cuts and investment in areas such as upgrading infrastructure for the digital age. But if Merkel is unable to form a three-way coalition with the FDP and Greens, she could try to team up again with the SPD - though the SPD has said it wants to go into opposition. Should the SPD reject her approach and Merkel find herself unable to form a government, she could try to form a minority government, or else call fresh elections - an unprecedented scenario.  If we don t get this under control, the political system we ve had for 70 years - and the stability it has brought - will be threatened,  said one senior conservative, speaking under condition of anonymity. ",1
17174,Two injured in shooting at South Africa's Cape Town airport,"CAPE TOWN (Reuters) - Two men were injured in a drive-by shooting at South Africa s Cape Town International Airport, police said on Wednesday. Operations at the airport, the second busiest in the country and a tourism hub, were not affected, police spokesman Vish Naidoo said, adding the motive for the shooting was unknown. The airport is Africa s third busiest and handles around 10 million passengers a year, including tourists and businesspeople commuting to the economic hub Johannesburg.  A man, about 50 years of age, was shot in a drive-by shooting and in the process a bystander, a 30-year-old man, was also hit,  Naidoo said. The shooting took place in the early morning in a public area some distance from the airport s security gates, Naidoo said. Flights had not been affected, the airport s general manager Deon Cloete said in a statement.  The shooting scene has been cordoned off while investigations continue,  Cloete said. Local media reported that the shooting was gang-related, but Naidoo could not confirm that was the motive. ",1
17175,Philippines arrests militant widow for trying to recruit fighters,"MANILA (Reuters) - Philippine law enforcement agents have arrested a woman who tried to spread radical ideas and recruit hundreds of foreigners to reinforce pro-Islamic State rebels occupying a southern city, the justice minister said on Wednesday. Karen Aizha Hamidon, the widow of a former leader of a small extremist group in Mindanao, was arrested by special agents at her home in a Manila suburb a week ago and has been charged with inciting to rebellion, Vitaliano Aguirre told a news conference. Hamidon is accused of using social media and messaging apps to call on foreigners to join the siege by an alliance of  Islamic State loyalists in Marawi City, a battle that has lasted nearly five months. The military says the conflict, the biggest security crisis in years in the Philippines, is now in its final stages and has killed more than 1,000 people, mostly rebels.  This is a welcome development in the fight against terrorism,  Aguirre said. Agents found she had made 296 posts in chatrooms on Telegram and WhatsApp  calling on Muslims in the Philippines, India and Singapore to come to Marawi to establish a province of the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria , he said. There were also about 250 names, mostly foreigners, in her phonebook who were suspected of being Islamic State sympathizers.  Dressed in a black burqa, Hamidon was paraded before the media but was not allowed to speak. Her laptop, mobile phones and electronic gadgets were being looked at by experts for forensic investigation. Hamidon, a Muslim convert, was married to Mohammad Jaafar Maguid, alias Tokboy, the former leader of radical group Ansar Al-Khilafa. He was killed in a gunfight with police in January. Aguirre said she was also linked to Singaporean and Australian extremists, both of whom are in detention in their countries. But counter-terrorism expert Sidney Jones cast doubts about whether Hamidon had been effective. Jones said her presence in chatrooms of Islamic State supporters was not welcomed, her credibility had been questioned and some participants blamed her for the arrests of radicals.  Everyone hates her and thinks she s a spy,  Jones said. ",1
17176,Son of Thailand's ex-PM Thaksin charged with money-laundering,"BANGKOK (Reuters) - The only son of fugitive former Thai prime minister Thaksin Shinawatra has been formally charged with money-laundering, the Department of Special Investigations told Reuters on Wednesday. Panthongtae Shinawatra is accused of receiving a 10 million baht ($300,000) check in 2004 related to an earlier corruption case involving 9.9 billion baht ($296 million) of fraudulent loans extended by the state-owned Krungthai Bank when his father was prime minister. The deputy spokesman of the Department of Special Investigation (DSI), Woranan Srilum, said Panthongtae had turned himself in on Tuesday but had been released as no arrest warrant for him has been issued. Panthongtae could now gather evidence for his case, Woranan said, while the DSI must decide whether to take the case to the criminal court. Panthongtae was not available for comment. He complained this month of victimization and called for the dropping of the  money-laundering investigation. His lawyer declined to comment when contacted by Reuters. Supporters of the Shinawatras say the legal action is the latest bid by authorities in junta-ruled Thailand to squeeze the Shinawatra family out of politics and blunt its influence. Beginning in the late 1980s, former policeman Thaksin built a telecommunications conglomerate that made him one of Thailand s richest and most powerful men. After entering politics, he won landslide election victories, beginning in 2001, with the support of the rural and urban poor who saw him as the first political leader to care for them. But he made powerful enemies, especially in the Bangkok-based establishment, which saw him and his populist ways as a threat. Ousted in a 2006 coup, and later convicted of corruption, which he denies, Thaksin has overseen from self-exile victory for his party in every election since, most recently in 2011, when his sister, Yingluck Shinawatra, became prime minister. She was ousted in a 2014 coup. Last month, the Supreme Court sentenced Yingluck to five years in jail in absentia for mismanaging a rice subsidy scheme. Recently, old cases against Thaksin have been revived, including an accusation that he abused power while he was prime minister by ordering the Export-Import Bank of Thailand to give low interest loans to Myanmar in 2006 to further his business interests. In another case, Thaksin was accused of graft and negligence in connection with the approval of a lottery scheme in 2003. Authorities are also looking to charge him with royal insult and computer crime for an interview he gave to South Korean media in 2015. Thaksin, in a message he posted on Twitter this month, denied any thought of ever offending the  royal institution . Watcharapol Prasanrajkit, chairman of the National Anti-Corruption Commission, denied any bid to target the Shinawatras saying the cases just happened to be coming up at this time. How Thaksin s political machine performs in an election expected in November 2018 will be keenly watched. ",1
17177,Underdog center-left party may outperform expectations in Japan snap poll,"TOKYO (Reuters) - A new center-left party pledging to bring  bottom up  democracy to Japan may prove the surprise success story of an election on Sunday, although the party is forecast to win a mere sliver of seats compared to Prime Minister Shinto Abe s ruling bloc. Abe s conservative Liberal Democratic Party-led coalition is on track to roughly match the two-thirds  super majority  it held in parliament s lower house before dissolution, helped by divisions in the opposition camp and jitters over North Korea s nuclear and missile programs, media forecasts say. But the Constitutional Democratic Party of Japan (CDPJ) formed just this month could become the core of opposition to Abe s LDP if, as some forecast, it challenges Tokyo Governor Yuriko Koike s flashier conservative Party of Hope for the top opposition spot. The CDPJ opposes Abe s proposal to revise the post-war, pacifist constitution to clarify the ambiguous status of the military. Whether to revise the U.S.-drafted charter has long been a symbolic marker dividing Japan s left and right, and Abe is expected to use his big win to push for amendments. CDPJ founder Yukio Edano, 53, who grabbed the spotlight as Japan s top spokesman during the 2011 Fukushima nuclear crisis, formed the CDPJ on the run after the main opposition Democratic Party s leader stunningly decided the party would run no candidates and encouraged members to run on Koike s slate. Edano told Japanese media he was inspired by the  Stand up, Edano  tweets he received after the Democrats imploded. Many Democrats jumped on the Hope bandwagon. Others either declined to join or were shut out after refusing to sign off on a hawkish security stance that echoes that of the LDP. Some joined Edano s party, others are running as independents. A Sankei newspaper survey published on Tuesday predicted the CDPJ would get between 46 and 60 seats, compared to initial estimates that about 30 of its 78 candidates would be elected.  That compared to 39 to 57 seats for the Party of Hope, which is running 235 candidates. [tmsnrt.rs/2kGwCm5] A Kyodo news agency survey released on Wednesday also forecast the CDPJ could become the biggest opposition group. If so, that would suggest voters unhappy with Abe are seeking not a conservative replica of the LDP but a more liberal alternative, political analysts said. The failed Democratic Party was a fractious mix of liberals and conservatives, saddled with an image of incompetence after a rocky 2009-2012 rule.  Almost all parties have been conservative and there is no party for liberal voters to vote for,  said University of Tokyo professor Yu Uchiyama.  If this party is successful in attracting liberal votes, there could be a prospect to do well.  Edano, however, eschews what he calls outdated labels such as  liberal  or  left , terms often associated with Cold War-era socialists or communists that can turn off mainstream voters.Unlike the more authoritarian LDP, he stresses commitment to individual civil rights, rather than obligations to the state, and wants to redistribute wealth to create a more equitable society.  I want to take a first step toward creating a  bottom up  society ... toward a trend that is neither left, nor right, but moves forward,  Edano said during a debate this month. The lack of preparation time, and a shortage of cash and candidates will be formidable obstacles for the CDPJ to overcome.  It could also struggle to differentiate its economic policies from those of the LDP, which has long been more center-left than right when it comes to bread-and-butter issues. Edano s group wants to put off a sales tax hike and exit nuclear power. The LDP says it will keep nuclear power as a key energy source and raise the sales tax in 2019 but divert revenue to education and child care from repaying public debt. Both parties promise equal pay for equal work, higher wages for day care and elder care workers and more financial support for education, although they differ on details. A Reuters poll published Wednesday showed Japanese companies overwhelmingly want Prime Minister Shinzo Abe s ruling coalition to stay in power but about two-thirds want it to lose seats. The poll showed significant opposition in the corporate world to Abe s plans to raise the sales tax and to delay bringing down the fiscal deficit.  Abenomics would be comfortably left-of-center in most developed democracies,  said Tobias Harris, an analyst at advisory firm Teneo Intelligence. A healthy showing by the CDPJ could lure more lawmakers to its ranks after the election, although low voter turnout could diminish its performance as could competition with the Japanese Communist Party on the left.  If the CDPJ comes in second, in a couple of months they will have grown and become the core of a new center-left opposition party,  said Chuo University professor Steven Reed. ",1
17178,Taliban attacks kill at least 69 across Afghanistan,"KABUL (Reuters) - Taliban militants struck government targets in many provinces of Afghanistan on Tuesday, killing at least 69 people, including a senior police commander, and wounding scores of others. The deadliest attack hit a police training centre attached to the police headquarters in Gardez, main city of Paktia province. Two Taliban suicide car bombers paved the way for a number of gunmen to attack the compound, officials and militants said. At least 21 police officers were killed, including the Paktia provincial police chief, with 48 others wounded, according to government officials. The attack also left at least 20 civilians dead and 110 wounded, the Interior Ministry said. Security forces killed at least five attackers. Dozens of dead and wounded were taken to the city hospital, even as many more lay where they fell during the fighting, deputy public health director Hedayatullah Hameedi said. The Taliban, seeking to reimpose strict Islamic law after their 2001 ouster by U.S.-led forces, claimed responsibility. The militant group also attacked a district centre in neighbouring Ghazni province on Tuesday, detonating an armoured Humvee vehicles packed with explosives near the provincial governor s office. Provincial officials said at least 15 government security forces were killed and 12 wounded in the Ghazni attacks, with 13 civilians killed and seven wounded. The Taliban said they had killed 31 security forces and wounded 21 in those clashes. Fighting was also reported near local government centres in Farah and Kandahar provinces. ",1
17179,Defeat of Islamic State in Raqqa may herald wider struggle for U.S.,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The defeat of Islamic State in its de facto capital Raqqa may only be the start of a wider struggle by the United States to contain any insurgency launched by the militant group and to stabilize the region, as Washington grapples with defining a comprehensive strategy in Syria. U.S.-backed militias declared victory over Islamic State in  Raqqa on Tuesday, raising flags over the last jihadist footholds after a four-month battle. The Sunni militant group often referred to as ISIS, overran Raqqa in January 2014, seizing control from rebel factions opposed to the rule of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.  While recapturing Raqqa is important symbolically, talk about almost a pyrrhic victory,  said Bilal Saab, a senior fellow at the Middle East Institute.  Addressing the economic, political grievances of the Sunnis so that another ISIS doesn t come about will be as important as the military fight.  Raqqa was the first big city Islamic State captured, before its rapid series of victories in Iraq and Syria brought millions of people under the rule of its self-declared caliphate, which passed laws and issued passports and money. Islamic State has lost much of its territory in Syria and Iraq this year, including its most prized possession, the Iraqi city of Mosul. In Syria, it has been forced back into a strip of the Euphrates valley and surrounding desert.     Middle East analysts said that among the wide array of problems exposed after Islamic State s ouster from Raqqa were where to find  money to help rebuild the shattered city, how to support fledgling local government in the face of a likely insurgency and how to keep Assad, backed by Iran and Russia, from trying to regain control.  The real challenge is that ISIS will turn into a vengeful ghost, will try to stalk and to wreak havoc on the post-conflict security and governance and administration in order to undermine the U.S. and its partners,  said Nick Heras of the Center for a New American Security. A U.S. State Department official said Washington remained committed to a peace process in Geneva and supported the  broadest possible group of Syrian representatives in those discussions.   The official said that the United States and allies would continue to provide humanitarian assistance and support efforts to stabilize areas freed from Islamic State rule  to include continuing the removal of IEDs and other explosives ...  restoring basic services and refurbishing schools.  The official said the U.S. goals included  supporting local governing bodies that are representative of the area, civilian-led, and credible in the eyes of the populations.  Assad s use of force to crush an initially peaceful uprising against his family s more than four-decade rule triggered the country s civil war in 2011. The conflict helped create a vacuum that Islamic State eventually filled by seizing parts of Syria. Russia stepped in with military support for Assad in 2015.  The greatest challenge for Raqqa and local Syrian partners that are trying to rebuild Raqqa is the ambiguity of Trump  administration Syria policy,  Heras said.   A signal needs to be sent that the U.S. intends to keep a residual force in the areas that it has conquered from ISIS in order to oversee the stabilization mission and to have the broader, publicly unstated aim, to constrain Iran s ability to reconquer all of the country in the name of Assad,  he said. Several analysts said the United States does not appear to have a durable strategy to stabilize the region, let alone to revive the moribund U.N. talks in Geneva aimed at ending the civil war.  We ve captured and lost cities before,  said Senator Ben Sasse, a Republican.  This victory underscores the need for a comprehensive Syria strategy.  A U.S. official who spoke on condition of anonymity said  If the Russians truly want to ... have something that will really put Syria back together, we will see if they are willing to return to the Geneva process.  Saab, of the Middle East Institute, suggested U.S. influence in Syria may be too slight to shape events.  Our investment has always been and will always be quite limited,  he said.  We have ceded the terrain to Russia and the Iranians and it s almost too late now, for us, to get involved effectively, you have to have some skin in the game.  ",1
17180,New Zealand's kingmaker party sets Thursday to unveil result of talks to form government,"WELLINGTON (Reuters) - New Zealand s small nationalist party, which holds the balance of power after last month s inconclusive elections, will make an announcement on Thursday on the result of talks with the two major parties to form the next government. The move should put an end to weeks of political uncertainty in the small Pacific island nation, after neither major party won enough seats on Sept. 23 to form a government, leaving both courting the leader of New Zealand First, Winston Peters.  New Zealand First will be in a position tomorrow afternoon to make an announcement on the result of negotiations following the 2017 general election,  the party said in a statement. Thursday s event could also shed light on the economic direction for New Zealand, since both the National Party and the Labour Party differ on immigration and trade, key sources of the country s robust growth in recent years. Peters has held lengthy talks with both National, which has been in power for nearly a decade, and opposition Labour, but has kept his cards close to his chest regarding coalition prospects. Peters has notified the leaders of both parties about Thursday s announcement, the statement added. The New Zealand dollar, already under pressure earlier on Wednesday, briefly fell to the day s low of $0.7153 after the statement.  If it goes down the path of a Labour-Green coalition, we can expect the kiwi will probably come under far greater pressure, purely on the basis that that is a complete unknown,  said Stuart Ive, a dealer at OM Financial.  If it s announced that a National coalition is being formed, we can probably see the kiwi pick back up again,  in a short relief rally before markets return to focusing on economic fundamentals, he added, using the currency s nickname. NZ First has more in common with Labour on the policy front, as both want to rein in immigrants and foreign ownership, change certain trade deals and adjust the central bank s mandate. But some analysts say a two-way coalition with National would be more straightforward than a three-way coalition with Labour and the Greens. Labour needs the seats of both the Greens and New Zealand First to reach a majority in parliament.  ",1
17181,Taiwan says its 23 million people will decide their future,"TAIPEI (Reuters) - Taiwan s government said on Wednesday that it was  absolutely  the right of Taiwan s 23 million people to decide their future, after Chinese President Xi Jinping said any attempt to separate the island from China would be thwarted. The perpetration of Taiwan s democratic system is a core value of Taiwan s, the Mainland Affairs Council said in reaction to Xi s speech. China considers democratic and self-ruled Taiwan to be a wayward province, to be brought under Beijing s control by force if necessary. ",1
17182,New Zealand's kingmaker party to make announcement on government formation on Thursday,"WELLINGTON (Reuters) - New Zealand s small nationalist party said on Wednesday it would be in a position to make an announcement on the formation of the next government on Thursday afternoon, New Zealand First said in a statement. The party holds the balance of power after an inconclusive election on Sept. 23, in which neither the ruling National Party nor the opposition Labour Party won enough seats in parliament to be able to form a government. ",1
17183,China must cooperate with other nations on climate change: Xi,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China, the world s second-largest economy, must cooperate with other nations to tackle climate change and ensure the survival of mankind, President Xi Jinping said on Wednesday at the opening ceremony of a key Communist Party congress. China overtook the United States as the world s biggest emitter of greenhouse gases in 2007. ",1
17184,"China will stick to supply side structural reform, overcapacity reduction efforts",BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese President Xi Jinping said China will stick to supply side structural reform and maintain overcapacity reduction and deleveraging efforts.  Xi made the comments in a speech at the beginning of a Communist Party congress. ,1
17185,China's Xi: any attempt to separate Taiwan from China will be thwarted,"BEIJING (Reuters) - Any attempt to separate Taiwan from China will be thwarted and the principle of peaceful reunification must be upheld, Chinese President Xi Jinping said on Wednesday at the start of a Communist Party Congress. China regards self-ruled and democratic Taiwan as a wayward territory, to be brought under Beijing s rule by force if necessary. ",1
17186,China to establish leading group for law-based governance,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China will set up a central leading group for advancing law-based governance, President Xi Jinping said on Wednesday at the opening of a Communist Party Congress. The move is aimed at helping build rule of law in China, he said. ",1
17187,"Xi says China will boost efforts to tackle terrorism, extremism","BEIJING (Reuters) - China will step up efforts to tackle subversion, terrorism, separatism and religious extremism, President Xi Jinping said on Wednesday in a speech at the opening of a key Communist Party Congress. Xi said that maintaining national security is in the interests of all people. ",1
17188,Mexico's Pemex fires warehouse workers for oil theft,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexican state oil company Petroleos Mexicanos (Pemex) said on Tuesday it would rescind contracts held by several workers at a warehouse and distribution center in the central state of Guanajuato as part of a strategy to combat oil theft. A Pemex official, who spoke on the condition of anonymity, said that four workers were let go for links to oil theft from the center in the city of Salamanca, where Pemex also has a refinery that can process 245,000 barrels per day of crude. In its statement, Pemex said it would file criminal complaints against the workers and investigate workers at others sites.   Without exception, any employee linked to crime will be removed immediately,  the company said. Mexico s government has estimated that oil theft by criminal groups costs Pemex at least $1 billion a year. ",1
17189,"After Somalia's deadliest bombing, a brother's desperate search","MOGADISHU (Reuters) - When Somalia s deadliest truck bomb exploded on Saturday, Abdi Ali Ibrahim raced to the smoking crater just meters from where his beloved sister Asha had a small business selling fuel. The truck had detonated next to a fuel tanker causing a huge fireball and the road was strewn with body parts. Hopeful that Asha, a pregnant mother-of-two, may have been injured and taken away by ambulance, Ibrahim embarked on a frantic round of Mogadishu s hospitals, starting with the biggest, Madina.  I found many dead bodies, injured ones, body parts and burned bodies that were horribly shrunken. She was not there,  he told Reuters as he sat hunched on a bench.  For two days Ibrahim clung to the hope that 44-year-old Asha had somehow survived the twin bombings that killed more than 300 people, the worst such attack in Somalia s history. The bombings were similar to others claimed by al Qaeda-linked al Shabaab insurgents although the militants have yet to claim Saturday s attacks. Experts say the target may have been nearby government buildings, but the bomb went off too early. Rushing from hospital to hospital, Ibrahim was nauseated by the piles of burned flesh, but also tormented by the slim possibility his sister and her unborn baby might have survived and be in pain somewhere needing his help. Finally, Ibrahim returned to the scene where Asha sold fuel.  Just three meters away from where she sat, I saw a dark hole blown by the truck bomb. I could see sacks laid by the road upon which police placed organs, heads, limbs,  Ibrahim said.   I saw her hand on a stone under a tree. It was her hand and it had the ring on her finger.  Ibrahim took the hand to his elderly mother. He said she cried so hard that at first her words were inaudible to the crowd of relatives pressing around her.  She touched the hand three times and said,  This is the hand of my daughter, I am sure. This is the ring on her finger ... go and bury her .  As the scale of the attack became clear, President Mohamed Abdullahi Farmaajo ordered three days of national mourning, doctors begged for blood donations, and the city s overstretched ambulance workers who had toiled to save the injured found time to begin ferrying the dead to the morgue. Mass burials of unidentifiable bodies began, the blackened corpses wrapped in white sheets. Perhaps one of them was Asha.  That gave Ibrahim and Asha s children from her first marriage, a 21-year-old son and 23-year-old daughter, a new problem. Could they conduct a funeral service for a hand if they could not find a body?  I asked many clerics how I should bury a hand,  Ibrahim said.  Some said funeral prayers must be conducted over the hand before burial. Others rejected my idea and said no funeral prayer could be given for a body part.    Finally I washed the hand, wrapped it in a piece of white shroud and buried it in a grave.   The dilemma is becoming more and more common. Al Shabaab is using bigger and bigger bombs. In 2016, 723 Somalis were killed in 395 bomb attacks, according to Nairobi-based think-tank Sahan Research, up from 193 deaths in 265 attacks in 2015. This year will probably be another grim record in the Horn of Africa nation, which has been riven by civil war since 1991. According to think-tank Sahan, 40 percent of those killed last year and more than half of the injured were civilians.  The Islamist insurgency that began in 2007 has been steadily losing ground since it was driven out of the capital Mogadishu in 2011 but its ability to mount devastating attacks remains. Ibrahim said he was distraught when he first saw Asha s hand but is glad now that he found it.  I am satisfied because I know my sister has died,  he said.  There are many people who have not even found a single piece of their missing loved ones.  ",1
17190,Xi says China has zero tolerance for corruption within the party,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China has zero tolerance for corruption within the ruling Communist Party, President Xi Jinping said on Wednesday in a speech at the opening of a key party congress. Having warned that rampant graft threatened the legitimacy of the party, Xi has overseen a sweeping crackdown on corruption that has felled numerous high-ranking officials within the party, government and military. ",1
17191,"'One China' principle must be maintained, China's Xi says","BEIJING (Reuters) - The  One China  principle must be maintained, President Xi Jinping said on Wednesday, referring to a core Chinese government policy that states Taiwan is part of China. ",1
17192,Panama to send immigration envoys to China as visa limits lifted,"PANAMA CITY (Reuters) - Panama s government will send an immigration and security delegation to China, the country s president said on Tuesday, as part of the lifting of visa restrictions for Chinese visitors.  Chinese visitors to Panama will now need an electronic visa stamped in a consulate instead of a restricted visa obtained through a lawyer to visit the country, part of measures the government hopes will promote tourism and investment.   The security and migration delegation will travel to China for the opening of the Panamanian consulate, though there was no exact date yet, said President Juan Carlos Varela. In June, Panama established diplomatic ties with China, breaking with self-ruled Taiwan in a major victory for Beijing, the second most important customer of its key shipping canal. ",1
17193,Xi says China will let the market play decisive role in resource allocation,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China will let the market play a decisive role in resource allocation in the economy, China s President Xi Jinping said on Wednesday at the opening of a key Communist Party congress. Beijing has called for a greater role for market forces in the economy in order to improve efficiency and develop a more sustainable growth model. ",1
17194,Xi says China will oppose any behaviors that try to separate the country,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China will safeguard its sovereignty and security and oppose any behaviors that try to separate the country, President Xi Jinping said on Wednesday in a speech at the opening of a key  Communist Party congress. Beijing considers self-ruled Taiwan a wayward province to be brought under its control by force if necessary, and says that separatists are seeking to split the western regions of Tibet and Xinjiang from the rest of the country.  ",1
17195,Xi says China has prevented Taiwan independence over past five years,"BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese President Xi Jinping said on Wednesday China has firmly opposed and prevented Taiwan s independence over the past five years. Xi made the comments in a speech at the beginning of a Communist Party congress. China considers self-ruled Taiwan to be a wayward province, to be brought under Beijing s control by force if necessary. ",1
17196,"Japan Inc wants Abe election win, but smaller majority","TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese companies overwhelmingly want Prime Minister Shinzo Abe s ruling coalition to stay in power in this Sunday s national election but about two-thirds want it to lose seats, a Reuters poll found. The survey suggests corporations want political stability but don t want to hand Abe a landslide victory for fear he might become complacent about reviving the economy. Many companies in the survey expressed concern that a big election win would encourage Abe to invest his energy in a long-held ambition to revise Japan s pacifist constitution, at the expense of economic policy.  We need political stability. But the top priority should be economic steps, not revising the constitution,  wrote a manager of a construction company, who preferred an outcome in which the ruling bloc of Abe s Liberal Democratic Party and partner Komeito may lose seats, but keep a simple majority. Japanese go to the polls on Sunday to elect representatives for the country s 465-member lower house, the more powerful of Japan s two-chamber national diet, or parliament. Forecasts published last week predicted Abe s coalition would win around 300 seats, close to the two-thirds super-majority it held before he called the election. Along with like-minded parties, the LDP bloc also has a majority in the upper house, which would be needed to revise the constitution. The corporate survey was conducted Sept 28 to Oct 12 and found that 94 percent of companies hoped Abe s coalition would win the election. However, some 48 percent wanted his bloc to obtain a smaller majority, while 20 percent hoped the ruling camp would retain the 323 seats it held before the lower house was dissolved last month. Seven percent wanted the ruling bloc to win more seats.  Those who expect the unexpected like Brexit and (Donald) Trump s presidency are doomed to disappointment. This election has no single, overriding issue,  said Masaki Kuwahara, senior economist at Nomura Securities, who reviewed the survey results.  Split votes among opposition parties should help Abe s coalition.  The campaign has seen the emergence of Tokyo Governor Yuriko Koike s new Party of Hope, which advocates a freeze on a planned sales tax hike in 2019. The Reuters survey showed a slim majority wanted Abe to stick to a budget-balancing goal, while opposing his plan to divert revenue from a planned hike in the national sales tax towards education and child-care, rather than towards debt repayment.  Abe must be playing to the gallery by promising such a plan that may attract voters in the election. How on earth will Japan be able to finance the cost of social security services?  a manager of a metal products machinery maker wrote in the survey. Asked what policies should be tackled after the election, fiscal consolidation - or efforts to curb the industrial world s heaviest public-debt burden - was the top choice, picked by 35 percent, followed by additional fiscal stimulus, chosen by 14 percent. Just 5 percent wanted further monetary stimulus, underscoring the dominant market view that easy-money policy has its limits. Only 3 percent said revising the constitution should be a top priority.    Many companies are wary of a potential collapse of public finances, which would destabilize the financial system and broader economy,  Kuwahara said.  They also fear that revising the pacifist constitution will send a wrong signal to Asian neighbors  who suffered from Japan s wartime aggression. The survey, conducted for Reuters by Nikkei Research, polled 548 big and mid-sized firms that reply on condition of anonymity. Around 230 companies answered the questions on the outlook for the election and policies. ",1
17197,Qatar suggests Gulf crisis hurts fight against Islamic State: CNBC,"(Reuters) - Qatar s foreign minister suggested on Tuesday that measures taken by Saudi Arabia and three other Arab states in their dispute with Qatar had hurt the U.S.-led fight against Islamic State, according to the text of an interview with CNBC. Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Egypt and Bahrain cut diplomatic and trade links with Qatar in June, suspending air and shipping routes with the world s biggest exporter of liquefied natural gas, which is also home to the region s biggest U.S. military base. The four countries have said that Qatar supports regional foe Iran and Islamists, charges Doha s leaders have denied. All countries involved in the dispute are U.S. allies Asked if the fight against Islamic State had suffered because of the crisis, Qatari Foreign Minister Sheikh Mohammed bin Abdulrahman al-Thani said,  Definitely yes,  according to the CNBC International transcript. He said most of Qatar s food and medicine supplies, some of which would go to the U.S. Al Udeid air base, normally came via its land border that is now blocked by its bigger neighbor. The airspace blockade meant that Qatari aircraft providing logistical support for the base could only fly north from Qatar toward Iran, the minister said, and Qatari officers participating in U.S.-led activities against Islamic State or working with Bahrain-based U.S. Fifth Fleet were expelled.  So there are a lot of things which undermine ... the global efforts in countering ... Daesh,  Sheikh Mohammed said, referring to Islamic State by an Arabic acronym. The minister said his country sought to resolve the crisis through dialogue, but Saudi Arabia wanted to destabilize Qatar.  They are into escalation, they are into thinking about regime change and other things,  Sheikh Mohammed said. Saudi Arabia and the UAE have denied seeking to depose Qatar s government. Kuwait has been trying to resolve the dispute among its fellow Arab countries and U.S. President Donald Trump has also said he would be willing to mediate. ",1
17198,U.S. mulls potential F-16 sale to Greece: Trump,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S President Donald Trump said on Tuesday that his administration has informed Congress of a potential sale to upgrade the F-16 aircraft in Greece s Air Force, a deal could be worth $2.4 billion.  The U.S. State Department approved the possible sale on Monday. Trump spoke of the potential sale following a meeting with Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsirpas at the White House. ",1
17199,Greek prime minister says Turkey should continue its European orientation,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras said on Tuesday it was important for Turkey to remain part of the NATO security alliance and continue its orientation toward Europe despite current tensions between the two countries.  We continue to support the Turkish course toward Europe,  Tsipras said at a White House news conference after a meeting with U.S. President Donald Trump.  We respect it as a regional power and we believe that it must stay oriented toward the European perspective.  ",1
17200,"Venezuela's Maduro defends disputed vote, opposition divided","CARACAS (Reuters) - President Nicolas Maduro defended Venezuela s  secure  election system on Tuesday as opponents struggled to present a united front over allegations of fraud in a nationwide vote surprisingly won by the ruling socialists.  Despite widespread anger over economic hardship, the Socialist Party confounded opinion polls to take 17 of 23 governorships in Sunday s election.  Stunned by the defeat that undermines their aim to win the presidency in 2018, the opposition Democratic Unity coalition refused to acknowledge the results and called the election rigged, as did the United States. Though the coalition has complained of an unfair playing field - from abuse of state resources to last-minute moving of vote centers away from opposition strongholds - it has not given detailed evidence of ballot-tampering. Some opposition figures have acknowledged abstention by their supporters - disillusioned by the failure of street protests to dislodge Maduro earlier this year - was a big factor. Two losing opposition candidates, Henri Falcon in Lara state and Alejandro Feo La Cruz in Carabobo, have conceded defeat, breaking with the official coalition position. Both criticized  irregularities  in the vote but also lamented many demoralized opposition supporters stayed at home.  We need courage to recognize truth in adversity,  said Falcon. The strongest criticism of Sunday s vote came from Washington, which slammed Maduro s  dictatorship.  Several European nations also expressed concern, while 12 countries in the Americas from the so-called Lima Group condemned  obstacles, intimidation, manipulation and irregularities . Washington is considering further sanctions on Venezuela, after various measures against top officials and the economy earlier this year, while the European Union is mulling the same. Government leaders have smarted at fraud accusations.  Venezuela s election system is the most secure and audited in the world,  Maduro said on Tuesday.  President Donald Trump, I am not a dictator; I am a humble worker ... I have a moustache and look like Stalin, but I m not him.  The Venezuelan leader invited EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini to visit or receive him in Brussels to  open their eyes,  and told  stupid  Canada to stop meddling. Foreign Minister Jorge Arreaza later said on Twitter that Maduro had recalled Venezuela s ambassador to Canada for talks. Heaping further humiliation on Venezuela s opposition, the governors were due to be sworn in on Tuesday by a new legislative superbody elected controversially in July. The opposition boycotted that vote and has refused to recognize the entirely pro-government Constituent Assembly, which supersedes all institutions including the opposition-controlled congress. The opposition s five governors-elect planned to boycott the swearing-in ceremony, defying Maduro s threat to bar them from office for failing to accept the assembly as a higher authority.  We will not kneel to anyone,  said Juan Pablo Guanipa, who won the oil-rich western Zulia state.  Despite food shortages, runaway inflation and a tanking currency, Venezuela s government retains significant bastions of support, especially in poorer, rural parts of the country. In his news conference, Maduro said the socialists also won Bolivar state, which would take its total to 18 governorships versus five for the opposition.  The government won a total of 54 percent of the votes overall, he added. The election board has not confirmed the Bolivar result or the overall vote figures. With the opposition coalition s dozens of parties arguing over whether there was fraud, what went wrong, and where to go next, it will need to regroup and map strategy quickly heading into the 2018 presidential campaign. Its very future may even be in doubt, since many young activists who took to the streets for four straight months of protests and pitched battles with security forces earlier this year feel betrayed by their leaders. The unrest killed at least 125 people. Maduro has long accused opposition leaders of being behind violence, and on Tuesday called the new opposition governor of Zulia state a  fascist  while accusing his counterpart in Tachira of links to Colombian  paramilitaries.  The election aftermath appears to have sunk a government-opposition mediation effort that began last month in the Dominican Republic. Even though Maduro wants to resuscitate the talks, the opposition coalition has ruled that out.  We are the majority, the dictatorship is more-and-more illegitimate, popular and global condemnation grows daily against this regime,  it said in a communique late on Monday. ",1
17201,Jailed British-Iranian charity worker received letter from ex-UK PM Cameron: prosecutor,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - A British-Iranian charity worker serving a jail sentence in Tehran received a letter from ex-prime minister David Cameron that showed she had ties to the British government, a prosecutor said on Tuesday, according to Mizan, the news site of the Iranian judiciary. Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe, a project manager with the Thomson Reuters Foundation, a charity organization, is serving a five-year jail sentence after being convicted of plotting to overthrow Iran s clerical establishment. The prosecutor, Abbas Jafari Dolatabadi, said the letter demonstrated Zaghari-Ratcliffe s importance to the British authorities but he did not say when it was sent or provide any other details about it. A spokeswoman at the British Foreign Office said she was not immediately able to comment on whether Cameron had written a letter, but confirmed that both he and his successor, Theresa May, had raised the Zaghari-Ratcliffe case with Iranian authorities.  We will continue to raise all our dual national detainees, including Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe s case, with the Iranian government at every available opportunity,  she added. Zaghari-Ratcliffe was arrested by the elite Revolutionary Guards in April 2016 at a Tehran airport, as she was about to return to Britain with her two-year-old daughter after a family visit. Her family and the Thomson Reuters Foundation have both denied the charges against her. Thomson Reuters is a charity organization that is independent of Thomson Reuters and operates independently of Reuters News. Last week her family said Iranian authorities had opened a new case against Zaghari-Ratcliffe, leveling charges that could carry a sentence of 16 additional years in prison. The new charges include joining and receiving money from organizations working to overthrow the Islamic Republic, and attending a demonstration outside the Iranian Embassy in London, the family said. The Foreign Office spokeswoman referred Reuters to a statement it issued last week in which it  expressed concern  that Zaghari-Ratcliffe was facing additional charges and said it was seeking more information from the Iranian authorities. On Tuesday Jafari Dolatabadi also said Zaghari-Ratcliffe was responsible for teaching online journalism for the BBC Persian language service  with the goal of attracting and teaching individuals for propaganda operations against Iran , Mizan reported. Francesca Unsworth, director of the BBC World Service Group, said earlier this year that Zaghari-Ratcliffe had never worked for the BBC s Persian service. ",1
17202,Jailed British-Iranian charity worker received letter from ex-UK PM Cameron: prosecutor,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - A British-Iranian charity worker serving a jail sentence in Tehran received a letter from ex-prime minister David Cameron that showed she had ties to the British government, a prosecutor said on Tuesday, according to Mizan, the news site of the Iranian judiciary. Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe, a project manager with the Thomson Reuters Foundation, a charity organization, is serving a five-year jail sentence after being convicted of plotting to overthrow Iran s clerical establishment. The prosecutor, Abbas Jafari Dolatabadi, said the letter demonstrated Zaghari-Ratcliffe s importance to the British authorities but he did not say when it was sent or provide any other details about it. A spokeswoman at the British Foreign Office said she was not immediately able to comment on whether Cameron had written a letter, but confirmed that both he and his successor, Theresa May, had raised the Zaghari-Ratcliffe case with Iranian authorities.  We will continue to raise all our dual national detainees, including Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe s case, with the Iranian government at every available opportunity,  she added. Zaghari-Ratcliffe was arrested by the elite Revolutionary Guards in April 2016 at a Tehran airport, as she was about to return to Britain with her two-year-old daughter after a family visit. Her family and the Thomson Reuters Foundation have both denied the charges against her. Thomson Reuters is a charity organization that is independent of Thomson Reuters and operates independently of Reuters News. Last week her family said Iranian authorities had opened a new case against Zaghari-Ratcliffe, leveling charges that could carry a sentence of 16 additional years in prison. The new charges include joining and receiving money from organizations working to overthrow the Islamic Republic, and attending a demonstration outside the Iranian Embassy in London, the family said. The Foreign Office spokeswoman referred Reuters to a statement it issued last week in which it  expressed concern  that Zaghari-Ratcliffe was facing additional charges and said it was seeking more information from the Iranian authorities. On Tuesday Jafari Dolatabadi also said Zaghari-Ratcliffe was responsible for teaching online journalism for the BBC Persian language service  with the goal of attracting and teaching individuals for propaganda operations against Iran , Mizan reported. Francesca Unsworth, director of the BBC World Service Group, said earlier this year that Zaghari-Ratcliffe had never worked for the BBC s Persian service. ",1
17203,Islamic State defeated in its Syrian capital Raqqa,"RAQQA, Syria (Reuters) - U.S.-backed militias in Syria declared victory over Islamic State in its capital Raqqa on Tuesday, raising flags over the last jihadist footholds after a four-month battle. The fighting was over and the alliance of Kurdish and Arab militias was clearing the city s stadium of mines and any remaining militants, said Rojda Felat, commander of the Raqqa campaign for the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF). A formal declaration of victory in Raqqa will soon be made, once the city has been cleared of mines and any possible Islamic State sleeper cells, said SDF spokesman Talal Selo. In Washington, the U.S. military said that about 90 percent of Raqqa had been retaken from Islamic State but it expected the SDF to face pockets of resistance. The fall of Raqqa, where Islamic State staged euphoric parades after its string of lightning victories in 2014, is a potent symbol of the jihadist movement s collapsing fortunes.  Islamic State has lost much of its territory in Syria and Iraq this year, including its most prized possession, Mosul. In Syria, it has been forced back into a strip of the Euphrates valley and surrounding desert. The SDF, backed by a U.S.-led international alliance, has been fighting since June to take the city which Islamic State used to plan attacks abroad. A Reuters witness said militia fighters celebrated in the streets, chanting slogans from their vehicles. The fighters and commanders clasped their arms round each other, smiling, in a battle-scarred landscape of rubble and ruined buildings around the main square. The flags in the stadium and others waved in the city streets were of the SDF, its strongest militia the Kurdish YPG, and the YPG s female counterpart, the YPJ. Fighters hauled down the black flag of Islamic State, the last still flying over the city, from the National Hospital near the stadium.  We do still know there are still IEDs (improvised explosive devices) and booby traps in and amongst the areas that ISIS once held, so the SDF will continue to clear deliberately through areas,  said Colonel Ryan Dillon, a spokesman for the coalition. In a sign that the four-month battle for Raqqa had been in its last stages, Dillon said there were no coalition air strikes there on Monday. Speaking with reporters in Washington later on Monday via video conference, Dillon said about 100 Islamic State fighters still remained in Raqqa.  We expect our Syrian Democratic Force partners to hit pockets of resistance as the final parts of the city (are) cleared,  Dillon added. Fatima Hussein, a 58-year-old woman sitting on a pavement smoking a cigarette, said she had emerged from her house after being trapped for months by the fighting. Islamic State had killed her son for helping civilians leave the city, she said.  The fight for Raqqa has shattered much of the city. Houses, apartment blocks and public buildings were flattened by air strikes or holed by shellfire. On Tuesday the international charity Save the Children said many of the 270,000 people who fled the fighting would likely be stuck in aid camps for months or years. Children who fled were haunted by nightmares from the violence they witnessed, including Islamic State beheadings and coalition air strikes, it said. The SDF has said that after the Raqqa battle ends, it would hand over control to a civil council set up by its political allies. It echoes the pattern in other territory the YPG and its allies have taken across northern Syria. The State Department said the United States would help clear rubble and restore basic services in Raqqa.  We will assist and take, essentially, the lead in bringing back the water, electricity and all of that,  State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert told a briefing.  But eventually the governance of the country of Syria is something that I think all nations remain very interested in.  Kurdish influence in the future of the mainly Arab city has been a sensitive issue for some activists from Raqqa and for Turkey. Ankara views the YPG militia as an extension of the PKK that has waged an insurgency on Turkish soil for three decades.         The SDF took the National Hospital after fierce fighting overnight and early on Tuesday, said spokesman Mostafa Bali.   During these clashes, the National Hospital was liberated and cleared from the Daesh mercenaries, and 22 of these foreign mercenaries were killed there,  said Bali, using the Arabic acronym for Islamic State. An SDF field commander who gave his name as Ager Ozalp said three militiamen had been killed on Monday by mines that have become an Islamic State trademark in its urban battles. Another field commander, who gave his name as Abjal al-Syriani, said SDF fighters had found burned weapons and documents in the stadium. The stadium and hospital became the last major positions held by Islamic State after some of its fighters quit, leaving only foreign jihadists to mount a last stand. The SDF has been supported by a U.S.-led international coalition with air strikes and special forces on the ground since it started the battle for Raqqa city in early June. The final SDF assault began on Sunday after a group of Syrian jihadists evacuated the city under a deal with tribal elders, leaving only a hard core of up to 300 fighters to defend the last positions. Raqqa was the first big city Islamic State captured in early 2014, before its series of rapid victories in Iraq and Syria brought millions of people under the rule of its self-declared caliphate, which passed laws and issued passports and money. It used the city as a planning and operations center for its warfare in the Middle East and its string of attacks overseas, and for a time imprisoned Western hostages there before killing them in slickly produced films distributed online. The SDF advance since Sunday also brought it control over the central city public square, where Islamic State once displayed the severed heads of its enemies, and which became one of its last lines of defense as the battle progressed. The offensive has pushed Islamic State from most of northern Syria, while a rival offensive by the Syrian army, backed by Russia, Iran and Shi ite militias, has driven the jihadists from the central desert. On Tuesday, a military media unit run by Lebanon s Hezbollah said the Syrian army, which Hezbollah fights with, had pushed into the last Islamic State districts of Deir al-Zor city. The only populated areas the jihadist group still controls in Syria are the towns and villages downstream of Deir al-Zor city along the Euphrates valley, areas that for the past three years Islamic State ran from Raqqa. ",1
17204,U.S. official says not ruling out eventual direct talks with North Korea,"TOKYO/UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The United States is not ruling out the eventual possibility of direct talks with North Korea, Deputy Secretary of State John J. Sullivan said on Tuesday, hours after Pyongyang warned nuclear war might break out at any moment. Talks between the adversaries have long been urged by China in particular, but Washington and its ally Japan have been reluctant to sit down at the table while Pyongyang continues to pursue a goal of developing a nuclear-tipped missile capable of hitting the United States.  Eventually, we don t rule out the possibility of course of direct talks,  Sullivan said in Tokyo after talks with his Japanese counterpart.   Our focus is on diplomacy to solve this problem that is presented by the DPRK. We must, however, with our allies, Japan and South Korea and elsewhere, be prepared for the worst, should diplomacy fail,  he said. DPRK stands for North Korea s official name, the Democratic People s Republic of Korea. In Washington, State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert highlighted U.S. diplomatic efforts by Sullivan and others to pressure North Korea to give up its weapons programmes by  encouraging implementation of international sanctions. Nauert told a regular briefing that sanctions were choking off money supply to North Korea and it was feeling the effect,  but even so Pyongyang was  not showing that they are anywhere near desiring to have talks.   We hope that this diplomatic approach will be successful in the end,  Nauert said, while adding of Secretary of State Rex Tillerson:  He s got to be the most optimistic guy in the U.S. government.  Tension has soared following a series of weapons tests by North Korea and a string of increasingly bellicose exchanges between U.S. President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un. Leaflets, apparently from North Korea, calling Trump a  mad dog  and depicting gruesome images of him have turned up across central Seoul, adding an unusually personal element to North Korean propaganda.  The situation on the Korean peninsula where the attention of the whole world is focused has reached the touch-and-go point and a nuclear war may break out any moment,  North Korea s Deputy U.N. Ambassador Kim In Ryong told a U.N. General Assembly committee on Monday.  As long as one does not take part in the U.S. military actions against the DPRK (North Korea), we have no intention to use or threaten to use nuclear weapons against any other country,  according to Kim s prepared remarks for the discussion on nuclear weapons. Kim did not read that section out loud. South Korea and the United States began week-long joint naval drills in the waters around the Korean peninsula on Monday, involving about 40 ships from both militaries, including the nuclear-powered USS Ronald Reagan aircraft carrier, South Korea s defense ministry said. North Korean state media said on Tuesday the allies   desperate efforts  to block North Korea s advance only showed  it should continue its nuclear program  to the last.    The DPRK has been fully ready for all the U.S. is resorting to, including sanctions, pressure and military option, as it has the tremendous nuclear force for self-defence and irresistible strength of self-reliance and self-development,  the official KCNA news agency said in a commentary. Asked about the North Korean envoy s warning of nuclear war, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said it would not be in anyone s interest.  China still hopes that all parties, in this situation where things on the Korean peninsula are highly complex and sensitive, can exercise restraint and do more to benefit the lowering of tensions in the region,  Lu told a daily news briefing. The U.N. Security Council has ratcheted up sanctions on North Korea over its nuclear and ballistic missile programmes since 2006.  The most recent U.N. sanctions banned exports of coal, iron ore and seafood, aimed at cutting off a third of the North s total annual exports of $3 billion. Experts say North Korea has been scrambling to find alternative sources of hard currency to keep its economy afloat and advance its weapons program.  On Monday, the head of cyber-intelligence at BAE Systems Plc (BAES.L) said North Korea s Lazarus hacking group was probably responsible for a recent cyber heist in Taiwan. Taiwan s Central News Agency said last week that hackers had sought to steal some $60 million from the Far Eastern Bank, but it had recovered all but $500,000. BAE Systems and others have previously linked Lazarus to an $81-million cyber heist at Bangladesh s central bank last year. North Korea has recently allowed citizens as young as 12 to bet on horse races for the first time as the country scrambles to unearth new sources of hard currency amid intensifying international sanctions.  Punters had previously risked three years  hard labor for gambling in the tightly controlled state, but the growing importance of private markets means more people have money to spend on leisure, experts said. Lee Sang-keun, a researcher at the Institute of Unification Studies at Seoul s Ewha Womans University, said wealthy North Koreans had to pay for such activities with Chinese or U.S. currency.   Many North Koreans make lots of money from the market, dine at hamburger restaurants and go shopping, all of which help fatten regime coffers. That s part of the reason why the regime still has some financial latitude, despite international sanctions,  Lee said. ",1
17205,"Catalonia refuses to renounce independence, separatist protesters rally","BARCELONA (Reuters) - Catalonia refused on Tuesday to bow to the Spanish government s demand that it renounce a symbolic declaration of independence, setting it on a political collision course with Madrid later this week. Madrid has threatened to put Catalonia, which accounts for a fifth of Spain s economy, under direct central rule if its regional government does not abandon independence by Thursday. But Catalonia s government rejected Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy s deadline.  Giving in forms no part of this government s scenarios,  Catalan government spokesman Jordi Turull said.  On Thursday, we won t give anything different than what we gave on Monday.  Spain s biggest political crisis in decades worsened on Monday night when Madrid s High Court jailed the heads of Catalonia s two main separatist groups pending an investigation for alleged sedition. The Catalan government accused Madrid of taking  political prisoners  and tens of thousands of protesters gathered along Barcelona s Diagonal Avenue to call for their release. People held up lighted candles, whistled and shouted  freedom  and  out with the occupying forces .  There should not be political prisoners in a democratic country in the 21st century. This country is not democratic. I m here to support democracy,  said Alicia Cabreriza, a 26-year-old computer programmer from Barcelona. The protests ended peacefully at around 2000 GMT. Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont, in a tweet following the detentions, said:  Sadly, we have political prisoners again.  The phrase was an allusion to the military dictatorship under Francisco Franco, when Catalan culture and language were systematically suppressed. It carries an emotional resonance given fascism is still a living memory for many Spaniards. Justice Minister Rafael Catala hit back, saying the jailing of the leaders of the separatist groups, the Catalan National Assembly and Omnium, was a judicial, not a political, decision.  We can talk of politicians in prison but not political prisoners,  he said.  These are not political prisoners because yesterday s prison ruling was due to a (suspected) crime.  The crisis has deepened divisions at the heart of Spain s young democracy, underlining the complex sense of nationhood in the euro zone s fourth largest economy. In Madrid, unionists drape their homes in the national flag, while Barcelona apartment buildings are festooned with Catalan flags. Street protests of hundreds of thousands of people have been held on both sides of the divide, including in Catalonia.  They ve crossed a line,  said Eulalia L pez, a 54-year-old office worker in Barcelona. She said she and her colleagues would come out onto the streets if Madrid went ahead and took control of the region. European capitals and financial markets have looked on with mounting alarm since Oct. 1, when Catalan authorities held a referendum on independence in defiance of a Spanish court ban. ANC leader Jordi Sanchez and Omnium chief Jordi Cuixart are accused by prosecutors of helping to orchestrate pro-independence protests that last month trapped national police inside a Barcelona building and destroyed their vehicles. That same incident also led to Catalonia s police chief, Josep Lluis Trapero, being investigated for sedition. He is accused of failing to order his force to rescue them from the building. He has not been detained but the High Court banned him from leaving Spain and seized his passport. A string of companies, including two major lenders, have decided to move their headquarters outside Catalonia since the referendum. Spanish police launched a violent crackdown in an effort to thwart the referendum, using rubber bullets and batons on voters in scenes that shocked Spain s European neighbors. Catalan officials say 43 percent of voters still managed to cast ballots with 90 percent in favor of breaking away. Many unionists, however, obeyed Madrid and did not vote. Spain s constitutional court, which had suspended the referendum, said on Tuesday the law passed by the Catalan parliament to hold the vote was void because it broke dispositions of Spain s 1978 constitution. One of Catalonia s major foreign investors, Volkswagen, said on Tuesday that its Spanish division, Seat, had decided to delay announcing the name of its forthcoming model. Seat, based in Martorell in Catalonia, had planned to announce the name of its 2018 sport-utility vehicle this month, about a year ahead of the 7-seat model s launch.  With the entire Spanish media focused on politics at the moment, we have decided to find a better time,  a Seat spokesman said, adding the division had also delayed the announcement of an innovation and digitisation agreement. He did not elaborate. ",1
17206,"U.S. will help restore water, power to Raqqa after fall of Islamic State","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States will take the lead in helping to clear rubble and restore basic services after the fall of Islamic State in  its Syrian stronghold of Raqqa, the U.S. State Department said on Tuesday.  We will assist and take, essentially, the lead in bringing back the water, electricity and all of that,  State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert told a briefing.  But eventually the governance of the country of Syria is something that I think all nations remain very interested in.   The United States and our allies have prepared for next steps and will continue to work with partners to provide humanitarian assistance to those in need and support the stabilization efforts in Raqqa and other liberated areas,  Nauert said. ",1
17207,"Gaddafi son in good health, following politics: family lawyer","TUNIS (Reuters) - Saif al-Islam Gaddafi, the most prominent son of the former Libyan leader, is in good health and is following the political situation in Libya from his base inside the country, a Gaddafi family lawyer said on Tuesday. Khaled al-Zaidi said he was in personal contact with Saif, but refused to say where in Libya Saif was, or whether he had ever left Zintan, the western town where he was detained after the 2011 revolt in which his father was toppled and killed.  He s working on politics from his base in Libya, with the tribes, with the cities, with the decision makers,  Zaidi told reporters in Tunis.  He s in a good health ... in top condition. His medical and psychological condition are good.  Saif was seen by some as a potential reformist successor to his father in the years before 2011 and remains a key figure for Gaddafi loyalists. Seeking to rebuild their influence, they present Saif as someone who can help reconcile the country s rival factions, though he is sought for alleged war crimes both in his home country and by the International Criminal Court.  The aim is to achieve peace in Libya,  said Zaidi.  He follows Libyan affairs closely every day.  In June, Zaidi said Saif had been freed in Zintan under an amnesty law passed two years ago by a parliament based in eastern Libya.  Earlier reports that Saif had been liberated turned out to be false, and uncertainty about his whereabouts and status have long fueled rumors. Those included speculation during the summer that he was about to re-emerge with a speech or public statement.  No physical evidence of Saif s whereabouts has been offered. He was last seen by an independent international observer in June 2014. A Tripoli court sentenced Saif to death in absentia in 2015 for war crimes, including killing protesters during the revolution. The International Criminal Court, based in the Netherlands, is also seeking his arrest and said in June it was trying to verify the reports of Saif s release. ",1
17208,"U.S. condemns killing of Malta journalist, says FBI assisting probe","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States on Tuesday condemned the slaying of Maltese journalist Daphne Caruana Galizia and said the FBI had responded to Malta s request for assistance in investigating the car bomb attack that killed her. State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said the United States condemned the  appalling violence that took place against her in the strongest terms,  calling it a  cowardly attack  against a reporter who was dedicated to fighting corruption.  We responded quickly to the prime minister s request for assistance. The government of Malta and Malta police force have been in contact with the FBI about the investigation and the FBI is providing specific assistance,  said Nauert, who called for a  thorough, transparent and independent  probe. ",1
17209,Israel: No peace talks with Palestinian government reliant on Hamas,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel said on Tuesday it would not hold peace negotiations with a Palestinian government dependent on the Islamist Hamas group, responding to a new reconciliation agreement between the two main Palestinian factions. Hamas, dominant in Gaza, and West Bank-based Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas s Fatah faction sealed a deal last week in Cairo in which Hamas agreed to cede administrative control of Gaza, including the key Rafah border crossing. Under the Egyptian-brokered accord, the Fatah-backed government headed by Prime Minister Rami al-Hamdallah will run Gaza and the West Bank and Palestinian officials said there were no plans to add Hamas ministers to the government. The last Israeli-Palestinian peace talks collapsed in 2014, partly due to Israel s opposition to an earlier attempt at a Fatah-Hamas unity pact, and to Israeli settlement building on occupied land Palestinians seek for a state, among other factors.  In a statement on Tuesday after a meeting of senior Israeli ministers known as the Security Cabinet, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu reaffirmed longstanding Israeli demands that Hamas abandon militancy.   Pursuant to previous decisions, (Israel) will not conduct diplomatic negotiations with a Palestinian government that relies on Hamas, a terrorist organization that calls for the destruction of Israel, as long as it does not fulfill the following conditions,  the statement began. It outlined seven conditions including a demand that Hamas  recognize Israel and disarm, sever its ties with Iran, return bodies of Israeli soldiers and civilians Israel believes are alive and held in Gaza, and that Abbas s Palestinian Authority (PA) assume full security control of the coastal enclave. Under the reconciliation deal, about 3,000 Fatah security officers are to join the Gaza police force but Hamas will remain the most powerful armed Palestinian faction in the territory, with some 25,000 well-equipped militants. Hamas seized Gaza from Fatah forces in a brief Palestinian civil war in 2007 and previous Egyptian mediation efforts to reconcile the rivals fell short. Analysts said the current deal is more likely to stick, given Hamas s growing isolation from erstwhile donor states and realization of how hard it would be to govern and rebuild Gaza. Abbas spokesman Nabil Abu Rdainah said the Palestinians would not be swayed by Israel s statement as it  will not change the official Palestinian position to move forward with reconciliation efforts.  He said the deal and the PA s return to Gaza had been welcomed by major powers including the United States and this would  achieve the aspirations of our people ... ending the occupation and establishing an independent Palestinian state.  Netanyahu s call is certain to please the right flank of his coalition and settler supporters with whom he has tried to find favor. On Tuesday, Israel announced more plans to build hundreds of new settler homes in the occupied West Bank. But it could hamper U.S. mediation attempts to resume peace negotiations. U.S. President Donald Trump s Middle East peace negotiator, Jason Greenblatt, and his son-in-law Jared Kushner have held discussions to achieve what Trump hopes will be the  deal of the century . ",1
17210,U.N. urges Bangladesh to move Rohingya refugees stranded at border,"GENEVA (Reuters) - The U.N. refugee agency urged Bangladesh on Tuesday to speed up vetting of up to 15,000 Rohingya refugees  stranded  near the border after crossing into the country from Myanmar and move them further inland to safer and better conditions. Some 582,000 Rohingya are now known to have fled since violence erupted on Aug. 25 in northern Rakhine state, where they lack access to food and healthcare, U.N. officials said.  We are gravely concerned about humanitarian conditions in Bangladesh, where thousands of new arrivals are stranded near the border,  UNHCR spokesman Andrej Mahecic told a Geneva news briefing.  An estimated 10,000 to 15,000 have entered Bangladesh through the Anjuman Para border crossing point since Sunday night, many of whom described walking for about a week to reach the border, he said.  We are advocating with the Bangladesh authorities to urgently admit these refugees fleeing violence and increasingly difficult conditions back home. Every minute counts given the fragile condition they are arriving in,  Mahecic said. The delay was due to screening by Bangladesh border guards, he said, emphasizing this was the right of any government. U.N. aid agencies have not had access to the shrinking Rohingya population in northern Rakhine state since the Aug. 25 coordinated insurgent attacks on police posts and army campaign which the U.N. rights office has likened to  ethnic cleansing . U.N. political affairs chief Jeffrey Feltman wrapped up a five-day visit to Myanmar on Tuesday. U.N. spokesman Stephane Dujarric said Feltman saw dozens of burned and destroyed villages in northern Rakhine. Dujarric said that in Feltman s discussions with the Myanmar military he  noted that, in the U.N. s experience, successful counterterrorism efforts do not rely exclusively on security measures  and urged them to support  credible investigations into allegations of human rights abuses by security officials.  Jens Laerke, spokesman of the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA), said that Rohingya in Rakhine now faced a  desperate choice whether to stay or go , not only due to the violence but also humanitarian needs.  Nearly 60 percent of the 582,000 refugees who have fled Myanmar since Aug. 25 are children   and thousands more are crossing each week, UNICEF spokeswoman Marixie Mercado said. UNICEF, which is providing clean water every day to 40,000 people in Cox s Bazar, Bangladesh, and has installed thousands of toilets, may have to stop operations by the end of November unless further funds are received, she said. A U.N. interagency appeal of $434 million for Rohingya in Bangladesh and host communities is only 24 percent funded, OCHA s Laerke said. ",1
17211,Kurds abandon territory in the face of Iraq government advance,"BAGHDAD/KIRKUK (Reuters) - The Baghdad government recaptured territory from Kurds across the breadth of northern Iraq on Tuesday, making startlingly rapid gains in a sudden campaign that has shifted the balance of power in the country almost overnight. In the second day of a lightning government advance to take back towns and countryside from forces of the Kurdish autonomous region, Kurdish troops known as Peshmerga pulled out of the long disputed Khanaqin area near the Iranian border. Government troops took control of the last two oilfields in the vicinity of Kirkuk, an oil city of 1 million people which the Peshmerga abandoned the previous day in the face of the government forces  advance. A Yazidi group allied to Baghdad also took control of the town of Sinjar. Baghdad s military operation has redrawn the map of northern Iraq, rolling back gains by the Kurds who infuriated Baghdad last month by holding a referendum on independence. Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi said on Tuesday the referendum  is finished and has become a thing of the past . Addressing a news conference in Baghdad, he called for a dialogue with Kurdish leaders  under the constitution . Kurdish Regional Government (KRG) President Masoud Barzani said the vote for independence  won t be in vain . He did not call for dialogue, but added,  Kurds have always been against waging wars and have worked in pursuit of peace.  The KRG governs three mountainous northern provinces making up the autonomous region. It has also held a wide crescent of additional territory in northern Iraq, much of which they seized after helping drive out Islamic State militants since 2014. Abadi ordered his troops on Monday to raise their flag over all Kurdish-held territory outside the autonomous region itself. They achieved a swift victory in Kirkuk, reaching the center of the city in less than a day. The fighting in one of Iraq s main oil-producing areas has helped return a risk premium to oil prices. After months of range-bound trading, benchmark Brent crude is now above $58 a barrel, up almost a third from its mid-year levels.  Oil officials in Baghdad said all the fields near Kirkuk were working normally on Tuesday after the last came under central government control. Kirkuk, situated just outside the KRG autonomous region, is the base of Iraq s Northern Oil Company, one of the two giant state energy firms that provide nearly all government revenue. Oil minister Jabar al-Luaibi said Baghdad would now try to nearly double the output of the Kirkuk oil fields to more than 1 million barrels per day. The Iraqi army advances create a dilemma for Washington, which has armed and trained both sides in its successful campaign to drive Islamic State insurgents out of Iraq.  We don t like the fact that they re clashing,  U.S. President Donald Trump told reporters at the White House on Monday.  We ve had for many years a very good relationship with the Kurds as you know, and we ve also been on the side of Iraq.  So far most of the advances appear to have come unopposed, with Kurds withdrawing before government forces move in. There have been reports of just one serious battle, in the early hours of Monday on the outskirts of Kirkuk. The U.S. military said on Tuesday it had received mixed accounts of the death toll in that clash, with between three and 11 combatants killed. The International Committee of the Red Cross said the transfer of control appeared to have taken place with a minimum of fighting, with the number of wounded no higher than in the dozens. ICRC regional deputy director Patrick Hamilton told Reuters that he was concerned roads were closed, especially access to Mosul, the former Islamic State urban battlefield where hundreds of thousands of people still depend on aid. In Kirkuk, one of Iraq s most diverse cities, members of the Turkmen ethnic group who opposed Kurdish rule celebrated on Monday, driving through the streets firing weapons in the air. By Tuesday, the once ubiquitous green, red and white Kurdish flag with a blazing yellow sun had vanished from the streets. U.S.-trained Iraqi special forces and local police patrolled to maintain order. Markets, shops and schools were open as normal. Some Kurdish families who had left the city on Monday were already returning home. They said thousands of Kurdish fighters in convoys formed a long queue in efforts to flee Kirkuk towards the Kurdish regional capital Erbil, clogging the road and making it difficult for civilians to leave. For the Kurds, the loss of territory, particularly Kirkuk, which Kurdish folklore views as the heart of their homeland, is a severe blow just three weeks after they voted to declare the independent state that had been their goal for decades.  Our leaders abandoned us in the middle of nowhere. Our future is dark,  said retired Kirkuk teacher Malla Bakhtiyar. He said he tried to escape on Monday but returned with his wife and sons after an Arab neighbor phoned, begging him not to leave and assuring him the city was safe. University lecturer Salar Othman Ameen blamed the Kurdish authorities for calling the independence referendum prematurely.  We feel broken now. The referendum was a catastrophic decision ... Our Kurdish leadership was supposed to think of the consequences before moving along with independence vote. Now we have lost what we have achieved over three decades.  The setbacks led to recriminations among the two main Kurdish political parties - the KDP and PUK, which each control separate units of Peshmerga. Barzani said political rivals had ordered the withdrawal of Kurdish forces from Kirkuk, and officials in his KDP accused the PUK of his long-time rival Jalal Talabani of  treason  for abandoning the city.  Talabani, who served as ceremonial Iraqi president in Baghdad from 2003 to 2014, died two weeks ago. His widow denied blame for the fall of Kirkuk and said her party had tried to avert the advance through contact with U.S. and Iraqi officials.   The advances were a second resounding triumph for Abadi, the soft-spoken Iraqi prime minister, months after his forces recaptured Mosul from Islamic State. Abadi had faced threats from Iran-backed Shi ite armed groups to take matters into their own hands if he did not act decisively to take on the Kurds.  If elections were held tomorrow, I would vote with 10 fingers for Abadi. He succeeded in keeping Iraq a single state,  said Adel Abdul Kareem, a Baghdad lawyer.  When Kurdish leaders were threatening Baghdad, Abadi was always smiling. We did not expect he was hiding a tornado behind this smile. He proved he was a smart leader, and with his wisdom he won against Masoud (Barzani) with a knockout in the second round.  For the Kurds, the loss of Kirkuk restores the status quo in place before they seized it in 2014, which saw their self-ruled region prosper under an Iraqi constitution that guaranteed them a fixed percentage of Iraq s total oil income. Control of Kirkuk and its oil had made it seem more plausible for them to break away; without it, independence is problematic, since they would be financially worse off than inside Iraq with a share of its overall oil income. ",1
17212,Argentina judges seek detention of Fernandez ally,"BUENOS AIRES (Reuters) - Three Argentine judges ordered that a key official in former President Cristina Fernandez s government be detained on Tuesday as part of a probe into an alleged case of fraud.  The request to detain former planning minister and current lawmaker Julio De Vido comes five days before the country s parliamentary elections in which Fernandez is seeking a Senate seat.  De Vido, who as planning minister was in charge of running energy infrastructure projects, is under investigation in a case involving the Patagonian coal mine Rio Turbio, which prosecutors say is underproducing despite receiving multi-million dollar investments from the state. Reuters was not able to reach De Vido for comment. In July, he gave an interview to a radio station in which he denied any wrongdoing in the case.    In an official ruling, the judges said De Vido should be jailed because of the risk of him fleeing or interfering with the case.  His imprisonment is the only viable alternative for ensuring the success of the investigation,  the ruling said. De Vido cannot be arrested unless Congress agrees to strip him of his parliamentary immunity. Past efforts to strip lawmakers of parliamentary immunity have mostly proved futile in Argentina.  Fernandez, who governed the country from 2007 to 2015, remains the main force of opposition to center-right President Mauricio Macri. Polls show her coming a close second ahead of an Oct. 22 Senate race in Argentina s largest province of Buenos Aires, behind Macri s preferred candidate.  That result would still guarantee her a Senate seat and immunity from arrest, but is seen lessening her chances of making a new run for the presidency in 2019. The former president s time in office has been peppered with corruption accusations, some of which have involved De Vido. Fernandez, the subject of corruption investigations herself, has acknowledged there was likely corruption during her government but denies personal involvement.  ",1
17213,French police arrest 10 far-right militants,"PARIS (Reuters) - French anti-terrorist police have arrested 10 far-right militants after an investigation showed they may have had vague plans of carrying out a violent attack on a place of worship or a person, a court official said on Tuesday.  TV station M6 said the men, aged between 17 and 25 were arrested in Seine-Saint-Denis, north of Paris, and in the Mediterranean port city of Marseille. They were suspected of planning attacks on mosques, it said. The court official, speaking to Reuters, said they may also have been targeting a person - a politician, a migrant or a drug dealer.  More than 230 people have been killed in attacks by Islamist militants in France over the past three years and the country has been under a state of emergency since late 2015, following an attack on Paris in November 2015.  ",1
17214,Myanmar journalists fly home as Bangladesh drops charges,"DHAKA (Reuters) - Bangladesh allowed two journalists from Myanmar detained while reporting about fleeing Rohingya Muslims to fly home on Tuesday and was dropping charges against them, their lawyer said.   Minzayar Oo and Hkun Lat were picked up from the Cox Bazar s region in early September because they were working as journalists on tourist visas, police said. They were released on bail after calls from Germany s GEO magazine, which had assigned Minzayar Oo to cover the influx of Rohingya refugees from Myanmar, as well as rights groups.  It s so good to be free again,  Minzayar Oo, one of Myanmar s most prominent photographers, told Reuters soon after his plane landed in the Thai capital of Bangkok. Bangladesh authorities had begun the process to drop the charges against the pair, their lawyer, Jyotirmoy Barua, said. Minzayar Oo has worked for various media outlets, covering Myanmar s emergence from military rule. He had previously worked as a contractor with Reuters.  Hkun Lat is also a well-known photographer in Myanmar and has won prizes for his coverage of conflict in frontier regions. About 582,000 refugees from Myanmar have poured into Bangladesh since Aug. 25, when attacks by Rohingya militants on security posts triggered an army crackdown in response.     ",1
17215,Eighteen injured in bomb attack on police vehicle in Turkey's Mersin province,"ANKARA (Reuters) - A bomb blast wrecked a bus carrying police officers on Tuesday in the southern Turkish province of Mersin, injuring 18 people in an attack that security sources blamed on Kurdish militants. Seventeen of those hurt were police officers, Deputy Prime Minister and government spokesman Bekir Bozdag told parliament, branding it a terrorist attack.  Turkey s battle against terror will continue under any circumstances in a strong and determined way,  Bozdag said. Security sources said militants of the outlawed Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) were believed to have carried out the attack. They also said that none of those wounded were in a critical condition. No one immediately claimed responsibility for the bombing. Local mayor Burhanettin Kocamaz told broadcaster Haberturk the attack took place on a street where the local governor s office was located and had hit the police vehicle as it passed. Images from NTV showed smoke billowing from the area, in Mersin s Yenisehir district. Ambulances, police and fire trucks were sent to the site of the attack, security sources said.  Turkey is battling a three-decade insurgency in its mainly Kurdish southeast. The PKK frequently carries out bomb attacks on security forces in the southeast and elsewhere. The PKK is considered a terrorist organization by the United States and the European Union as well as by Turkey. More than 40,000 people, most of them Kurds, have died since it first took up arms against the state in 1984. ",1
17216,British spy chief says Islamist militants can execute deadly attack plans in just days,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain faces the most acute threat ever from Islamist militants seeking to inflict mass attacks, often with spontaneous plots that take just days to bring to execution, the head of the MI5 domestic intelligence agency said on Tuesday. After four militant attacks this year that killed 36 people in Britain - the deadliest spate since the London  7/7  bombings of July 2005, MI5 chief Andrew Parker said the threat was at the highest tempo he had seen in 34 years of espionage.  The threat is more diverse than I have ever known: plots developed here in the UK, but plots directed from overseas as well, plots online, complex scheming and also crude stabbings, lengthy planning but also spontaneous attacks,  said Parker.  Attacks can sometimes accelerate from inception, through planning, to action in just a handful of days,  he said in a speech in central London. The director general of MI5 rarely gives public speeches. The last was in 2015.  Islamic State militants in Syria and Iraq have been in retreat for two years: They lost their de facto capital in Syria, Raqqa, on Tuesday and have been forced back into an ever-diminishing foothold along the Euphrates river valley. But as their territory, wealth and swagger decline, the militants have intensified online propaganda which has helped radicalize and inspire extremists to attack civilians in the name of Islam across Europe, the Middle East and Africa. Parker said there had not yet been a large influx of British militants returning home from Syria and Iraq. Britain has foiled 20 plots in the past four years, with seven Islamist attacks prevented in the past seven months, Parker said. He said there were 500 live operations involving 3,000 people involved in militant activity. MI5, established in 1909 to counter German espionage ahead of World War One, is tasked with protecting British national security and so takes the lead, along with the police, in countering militant attacks. But after a suicide bomber killed 22 people at a pop concert by U.S. singer Ariana Grande in Manchester, MI5 began a review of how it handled intelligence on the bomber, Salman Abedi, who was known to the intelligence agencies. Abedi was not among the 3,000 people currently under active investigation by MI5, although he was one of around 20,000 people known to have some connection to extremism.  When an attack happens, we are determined, using the harsh light of hindsight, to squeeze out every last drop of learning,  Parker said.  We are constantly evolving to stay ahead.  MI5, which employs around 4,000 people, says it does not have the resources to monitor every suspicious person. It works alongside the Secret Intelligence Service, or MI6, which operates abroad, and GCHQ, Britain s eavesdropping agency.  Britain has repeatedly demanded that Silicon Valley companies do more to suppress extremist content and allow access to online communication.  After British militants rammed a van into pedestrians on London Bridge and went on the rampage through packed bars, stabbing revelers in June, Prime Minister Theresa May said Britain must be tougher on stamping out Islamist militancy and proposed regulating cyberspace. Parker said militants  abuse of the internet could slow down the rapid pace of the hunt for attackers.  This pace together with the way in which extremists can exploit safe spaces online can make threats harder to detect and give us a smaller window to intervene.  Britain s interior minister, Amber Rudd, said earlier this month that WhatsApp s end-to-end encryption communication services allowed pedophiles and organized crime groups to operate beyond the reach of the law. But Parker refrained from naming any companies directly and called for a nuanced partnership to tackle militants and serious crimes such as child abuse.  I am not somehow King Canute trying to hold back the tide of developing technology and wouldn t wish to be heard that way,  he said.  Technology is not the enemy, indeed it holds many opportunities for us.  When asked directly whether Google, Facebook and Amazon were doing enough to prevent communications among militants, he said:  There is a reasonable expectation, I think, from all of us but also from the public at large that these companies would do what they can to help us deal with these worst excesses.  ",1
17217,Central African Republic children starve as aid workers flee fighting,"GENEVA (Reuters) - Children are starving to death in Central African Republic because violence has forced aid workers to pull out, the United Nations humanitarian coordinator for the country said on Tuesday. Four years after a conflict began between Muslim Seleka rebels and Christian  anti-balaka  militias, Central African Republic had seemed calm in the early part of the year. But violence has flared since May, turning the southeast into a virtual no-go area.  There is no humanitarian assistance there. It s not even half, it s nothing, because it was just not possible for humanitarians to stay there,  coordinator Najat Rochdi said.  We started already seeing children dying from severe malnutrition.   Lack of funds had already forced aid workers to halve food aid and in some places stop it completely, despite widespread malnutrition in children under five-years-old.   What I heard -  but we have not been able to confirm it   is that so far we had 10 kids who died from malnutrition. But as long as we don t have humanitarians going there, it s very difficult for us to confirm that,  Rochdi said.  The violence is often ethnically based and tinged with suspicions of witchcraft. The latest U.N. humanitarian report said four children had been abducted and killed in the town of Bambari, their bodies found with their organs removed. In the town of Kembe, about 40 people were reportedly killed or wounded in a clash between armed groups on Oct. 10, it said. The number of displaced people has jumped by 50 percent to 600,000 this year, in addition to 500,000 who have fled into neighboring countries. Rochdi said 400,000 children were not going to school.  Overcrowded camps averaging 30,000 displaced people are fertile recruiting grounds for armed groups, so the United Nations is trying to clear out weapons and fighters and get people back home wherever possible. The U.N. peacekeeping force is only 11,600 strong, in a country the size of France and Belgium combined, and the government is struggling to create an army that can hold territory against marauding gunmen.  The United States and Uganda withdrew their forces after declaring victory in April against the Lord s Resistance Army (LRA), a marauding gang notorious for abducting and recruiting child soldiers.   Rochdi said their withdrawal  left a vacuum  and LRA attacks had continued sporadically.  ",1
17218,Ninety percent of Raqqa retaken from Islamic State - U.S. military,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. military said on Tuesday that it could only confirm that about 90 percent of the Syrian city of Raqqa had been retaken from Islamic State militants, even as U.S.-backed forces declared victory there. The Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), an alliance of Kurdish and Arab militias, said the fighting was over and it was clearing Raqqa s stadium of mines and any remaining militants. A formal declaration of victory in Raqqa, Islamic State s de facto capital in Syria, will soon be made once the city has been cleared of mines and any possible Islamic State sleeper cells, said SDF spokesman Talal Selo. The fall of Raqqa, where Islamic State staged euphoric parades after its string of lightning victories in 2014, is a potent symbol of the jihadist movement s collapsing fortunes.  Colonel Ryan Dillon, a spokesman for the U.S.-led coalition fighting Islamic State, said that about 100 fighters still remained in Raqqa and he expected the SDF to face resistance from remnants of militant group.  We are aware of the reports that ISIS has been defeated in Raqqa,  Dillon said, using an acronym for Islamic State.   However, clearance operations continue and we expect our Syrian Democratic Force partners to hit pockets of resistance as the final parts of the city is cleared,  Dillon said. He said that in the past few days, about 1,300 civilians had been  assisted to safety  by the SDF and about 350 Islamic State fighters had surrendered in Raqqa. Even as the SDF made gains in Raqqa, Dillon said Islamic State fighters still remained in the middle Euphrates River valley. Islamic State has lost much of its territory in Syria and Iraq this year, including its most prized possession, Mosul. In Syria, it has been forced back into a strip of the Euphrates valley and surrounding desert. ",1
17219,Iran aircraft deals hang by thread as Trump targets Tehran,"PARIS (Reuters) - President Donald Trump s hawkish new approach towards Tehran, coupled with banking worries and domestic political turbulence in both countries, are causing growing uncertainty over Iran s $36 billion deal to buy airliners from Boeing, Airbus and ATR. IranAir s decision to buy a total of 200 aircraft from the two giants and Franco-Italian turboprop maker ATR marked the zenith of a 2015 pact between Tehran and world powers to renew trade in exchange for placing curbs on Iran s nuclear activity. IranAir says its $16.5 billion deal with Boeing is the biggest with a U.S. company since the 1979 Islamic Revolution.  Such high stakes make the deals a prominent target for critics of detente in both Washington and Tehran, and experts say that could further frighten off European banks and others whose reluctance to provide finance is already a major obstacle. Trump struck a blow against the nuclear agreement with Iran on Friday choosing not to certify that Tehran is complying with the deal and warning he might ultimately terminate it. His Iran strategy angered Tehran and put Washington at odds with other signatories of the accord - Britain, France, Germany, Russia, China and the European Union - some of which have benefited economically from renewed trade with Iran. While Trump did not pull the United States out of the agreement, he gave the U.S. Congress 60 days to decide whether to reimpose economic sanctions on Tehran that were lifted under the pact. Even without such sanctions, the fate of the aircraft deals depends on U.S. administration approval. Several people involved in the airliner deals fear they have become too big to cancel but too sensitive to implement fully beyond a limited number of jets for which Iran has the funds to pay for in cash without foreign loans.  I don t see who would be willing to provide financing for Iran with such a negative groundswell in the United States,  said consultant and former aviation banker Bertrand Grabowski. That raises immediate concerns for Boeing as it prepares to start building 15 long-range, twin-engined 777-300ER jets, originally due for delivery to Iran from next April.  The fate of those aircraft - part of a total order for 80 jets - is seen affecting jobs as Boeing tries to put a floor under declining production of one of its most profitable models.  For the 777s it seems increasingly difficult now,  a Western banker said. Unexpected hurdles have arisen on the Iranian side too. Financial sources say Boeing has already had to push Iran back in the queue for jets because it has yet to receive a deposit. For now, Boeing can manage by juggling deliveries with other airlines. But a complete breakdown of the IranAir order could put new pressure on 777 production. U.S. exports are not the only ones at stake. Although the European Union backs the nuclear deal, the export of any Western aircraft to Iran depends on permits from the U.S. administration because of the number of U.S. parts. That means Airbus could get caught in the crossfire between Boeing and Congressional critics who want the whole deal axed, something likely to deepen tensions over Iran with Europe. Iran has so far imported nine aircraft: three from Airbus and six from turboprop maker ATR.     Losing the rest of Iran s business would hit Airbus s order book hard because it took the risk of booking all 100 Iranian plane sales last December to help beat Boeing in their annual order race. Boeing has not yet formally posted its orders.     Because the Airbus and Boeing deals are so interconnected, with approvals passing through Washington, all eyes are now on how Trump s administration will treat the high-profile plane deals while kicking the broader nuclear issue to Congress. Iran s Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif said on Saturday any negative move would be considered a violation of the 2015 nuclear pact between Tehran and world powers.  Industry sources say Washington has so far issued licenses for aircraft sales to Iran until the end of the decade, after which they must be renewed.  Based on estimated delivery plans, that effectively opens the door to the 15 Boeing 777s and 30-40 Airbus jets, they said. Airbus and Boeing declined to comment on delivery schedules. One source said a possible outcome was that the status quo would remain in place regarding licenses already issued, because of the political and legal consequences of revoking them, but that it would become harder to extend or obtain new ones.  If so, the fate of the second part of the IranAir deals could be pushed beyond the next U.S. election in 2020, even if the nuclear pact survives scrutiny in Congress until then. And other airlines, like Aseman Airlines which has ordered 30 Boeing jets and may want to buy turboprops, face an uncertain wait for U.S. approval. A Boeing spokesman said Boeing and IranAir continue to work on implementing the contract. Airbus declined to comment. In Tehran, the aircraft deals remain center-stage as Iranian hard-liners seek to exploit the latest dispute with Washington to weaken domestic rivals who are open to the West.  For Iran it is important that the deal remains intact... the failure of the (plane) deals will be a major blow for us,  said a senior Iranian official.    Their collapse will have a domino effect on other deals and potential foreign investors.  ",1
17220,U.S. policy on Iran won't harm its oil industry: minister,"LONDON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump s revised hardline policy towards Iran will have little impact on Tehran s ambition to develop its vital oil industry and attract foreign investment, a senior Iranian official said on Tuesday. The Islamic Republic hopes to signs 10 new deals with foreign companies to develop oil and gas fields by March 2018, Amir Zamaninia, Iran s deputy oil minister for trade and international affairs, told the Oil & Money conference in London. Trump s decision last Friday not to certify that Iran was complying with last year s international deal on its nuclear power development program will not detract from Tehran s plans, he said.  I don t think any of us, or any of our partners have been surprised by this statement. Our expectations of policy formulation from Washington have been very measured,  he said.  The (U.S.) statement and policy ... has little or no effect and implication on our future plan in the oil industry,  Zamaninia said. Iran is negotiating 28 contracts with foreign companies, including many of Europe s top oil companies, under a new development contract, he added. France s Total (TOTF.PA) became in July the first Western oil major to re-enter Iran following the lifting of international sanctions with an agreement to develop the giant South Pars offshore gas field. Total s chief executive officer said in an interview with International Oil Daily the company will wait to see the impact of Trump s decision and that it will try to continue with it if the United States imposes unilateral sanctions.  We have signed a contract in Iran. If we can move forward, we ll move forward. If we cannot, we will have to stop,  Patrick Pouyanne said. Royal Dutch Shell (RDSa.L) has also signed an agreement with Iran for the possible development of oil and gas fields. Iran, which holds the world s largest gas reserves, plans to boost its gas production to 1.1 billion cubic meters per day by 2021 from the current 800 million bcm per day, Zamaninia said.  The OPEC member also aims to raise its oil production capacity to 4.7 million barrels per day by 2021 from the current 3.8 million bpd, he said. He said that the major oilfields - Azadegan, Yadavaran, Abteymour and Mansouri - have potential to increase output by 2 million bpd combined. ",1
17221,"Chaotic response to Somali bombing cost lives, medics say","MOGADISHU (Reuters) - Medics who rushed to help victims of a huge bomb explosion in the Somali capital Mogadishu that killed more than 300 people say the country s threadbare emergency services have been pushed beyond their limit.  From a lack of ambulance drivers to break-downs of the ambulances themselves, to checkpoints blocking routes to hospitals to a shortage of blood, the chaotic response to the deadliest truck bombing in Somalia s history cost additional lives, they said.  Officials say that Saturday s bombing, which also wounded at least 400 people, bore the hallmarks of the al Qaeda-linked al Shabaab, but the group has not claimed responsibility. More than three days after the bombing at a busy intersection in the capital, hundreds of people were still searching for relatives in hospitals and trying to access the blast site, Reuters witnesses said. Dr Abdikadir Abdirahman, director of Aamin Ambulances, a privately-funded ambulance service responding to the attack, described the limitations of his country s emergency system.  We have old ambulances and after working 24 hours for days, three broke down. The telephones got jammed and we had no walkie talkies.  He said road blocks manned by the security forces delayed ambulances, and there were not enough medics to respond to the devastating attack. Somalia has been mired in conflict since 1991, when clan warlords overthrew a dictator and then turned on each other. One of the poorest countries in Africa, it faces severe food insecurity and relies on foreign donors to support its institutions and basic services. One ambulance driver said security forces badly hampered efforts at the blast site and even fired at vehicles.  Ambulance driver Mohamed Saiid told Reuters:  I could see people screaming in a burning public vehicle and police opened fire refusing [help] that could save them.    When you want to save a screaming casualty but a soldier denies you access at gun point ... it is a tough work,  he said.  Such delays caused  many injured people to die from blood loss,  he said.  Another ambulance driver said police stopped him entering the blast scene.  I was stopped by forces at gunpoint as I was just some meters away from the blast scene,  said Mohamed Howle, a driver from a hospital in the city.  A spokesman for Mogadishu s mayor said safety was the top priority in the response and there was no delay in rescuing injured people. Spokesman Abdifatah Omar Halane said some injured people may have died while being carried from the scene:  No one can save the lives of someone whose brain mucus was oozing.  Police officer Mohamed Hussein told Reuters he was at the blast site several times daily since the bombing and ambulances were not fired upon.  Soldiers often fire in the air in the city to clear traffic jams, he said, suggesting that guns may have been discharged by security forces to establish order. Information Minister Abdirahman Omar Osman earlier said Somalia does not have a blood bank. But doctors said the public had responded quickly to calls for blood donations. Countries including Turkey, Qatar and Kenya were providing medical assistance and evacuating wounded.  We are requesting blood. We are requesting assistance for verifying the dead in order for their relatives to know,  the minister said. Osman said the bodies of more than 100 people buried on Monday  were blown beyond recognition . He hoped other bodies could still be identified. Mohamed Nur, head of the emergency unit at Medina hospital in Mogadishu said on Tuesday that doctors and nurses were working around the clock and the number of casualties had overwhelmed the hospital.          Turkish doctors, mainly surgeons and specialists in spine injuries, arrived along with Turkey s health minister on Monday and were still treating injured in local hospitals, the minister said. Turkey evacuated 35 critically wounded Somalis to Ankara by plane on Monday, Turkish deputy prime minister Recep Akdag told reporters on returning from Somalia. An increasingly close ally of Somalia, Turkey opened a $50 million military base in the capital last month.  Medicine from neighboring nations Djibouti and Kenya arrived by plane on Tuesday, the minister said. Qatar sent a plane with medical equipment and planned to evacuate injured people for treatment outside Somalia, Qatar s state news agency reported. ",1
17222,Fighting in Libyan capital closes airport,"TRIPOLI (Reuters) - The Libyan capital s Mitiga airport was evacuated on Tuesday and civilian flights were repeatedly suspended as rival armed groups clashed nearby, officials said. Flights had restarted around midday on Tuesday after being suspended for several hours during the morning and the previous evening, Mitiga spokesman Khaled Abukhrais said. But by late afternoon heavy gunfire resumed and the airport was shut.  Unfortunately the air space has closed again and the airport has been evacuated for the safety and security of passengers and workers, due to renewed clashes,  an airport  statement said. Mitiga is a military air base near the center of Tripoli that has also hosted civilian flights since the international airport was largely destroyed by fighting in 2014.      The clashes began when the Special Deterrence Force (Rada), a group that controls Mitiga and operates as an anti-crime unit aligned with the U.N.-backed government, conducted raids in the nearby neighborhood of Ghrarat. Rada spokesman Ahmed Bin Salem said the group targeted in the raids had tried to attack the airport area after a wanted drug dealer had been killed when he fired on a Rada patrol.  The area of Ghrarat is now under the control of our forces and it s being treated as military zone so we can clear any resistance,  Bin Salem said.  One member of Rada had been killed and two wounded, and there were several casualties among their opponents, he said. Tripoli is split among various armed groups that have built local power bases since Libya s 2011 revolution.  There have been fewer heavy confrontations in the capital since groups linked to a previous, self-declared government were pushed out of the city earlier this year, but armed skirmishes, kidnapping and other criminal activity are still common. ",1
17223,Up to 11 killed in Iraqi-Kurdish clash: U.S. military,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States military said on Tuesday it had received mixed accounts of the death toll in a clash on Monday between Iraqi and Kurdish forces, with between three and 11 fighters killed. Colonel Ryan Dillon, a spokesman for the U.S.-led coalition fighting Islamic State, acknowledged limitations on the ability of the United States to gather on-the-ground information about the confrontation between the two U.S. allies. He also said he had no information about Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps units in and around the Iraqi city of Kirkuk despite reports from Iraqi Kurdistan. ",1
17224,Britain summons Chinese ambassador after UK activist denied Hong Kong entry,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain said on Tuesday it had summoned the Chinese ambassador in recent days to express its concern that a British rights activist was denied entry to Hong Kong last week.  We are very concerned that Ben Rogers, a UK national, was denied entry into Hong Kong on 11 October in absolute disregard of the  one country, two systems  principle,  Foreign Office minister Mark Field said in parliament. He added:  Foreign Office director-general for economic and global issues summoned the Chinese ambassador on this issue over the past few days.  Rogers, a co-founder of the ruling Conservative Party s Human Rights Commission, has been a vocal critic of Chinese-ruled Hong Kong s treatment of human rights activists, including that of jailed student protest leader Joshua Wong. Hong Kong, which returned to Chinese rule in 1997, is governed under a  one country, two systems  principle that promises it a higher degree of autonomy and freedom than on the mainland. Last week, Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson said London needed an explanation from Hong Kong and Beijing on the matter. ",1
17225,German coalition watch: Merkel says compromises inevitable,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Chancellor Angela Merkel won a fourth term in office in the German national election on Sept. 24, but a fractured vote that brings the far-right into parliament means she must try to work out a three-way coalition untested at federal level. The new alliance would comprise Merkel s conservative bloc - her Christian Democratic Union (CDU) and the Bavarian Christian Social Union (CSU) - along with the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) and environmentalist Greens. Such a tie-up is called a  Jamaica  coalition, because the three parties  colors of black, yellow and green match those of the Jamaican flag. To secure a coalition deal, the unlikely bedfellows must overcome differences on a range of issues from immigration policy, Europe and tax to the environment. It is unclear whether a CDU/CSU compromise on immigration policy will be palatable to the Greens and FDP. The CDU came second to the Social Democrats in a regional vote in Lower Saxony at the weekend. Following are remarks on the possible coalition from senior officials:  We will not manage without compromises.   We d be well advised not to be perfectionists in the upcoming coalition negotiations but rather to be open and to build trust that a government will be formed that acts sensibly, even during unforeseeable crises.  On  Jamaica :  Whether it succeeds, whether a government is formed, is yet to be seen.   It will be difficult for all partners ... because our programs diverge vastly in many areas and because we must now pull ourselves together and see if coalition negotiations are possible or not.       We don t have to govern. There is also the possibility of another grand coalition (between Merkel s conservatives and the Social Democrats).   It can succeed. The most important thing is that trust needs to be built between participants, and that takes time. That s why it would be illusory to believe we could conclude negotiations by Christmas.   No one would understand it if the new government does not pass an immigration law.  We need a mix of humanity and order. We Greens also want to secure the EU s external borders and build a sensible database of fingerprints.  There must be a compromise that nonetheless represents everyone.   This (the conservative s immigration pact) is an agreement between the CDU and CSU, and far from the result of exploratory talks for a coalition with the FDP and Greens.   Immigration is not the only issue where the parties have different ideas.   I am certain that, in the end, the solution that the CDU/CSU have found with each other will not be the basis for common work (with us) for the next four years.   No party can expect the others to accept its original wording without changes ... But I believe that a signal about limiting immigration on humanitarian grounds will ultimately make its way into the coalition agreement.   Europe s fiscal policy needs a shift away from austerity toward a common pact for tax collection and investments, which would trigger social and ecological innovations.   A red line for us in coalition talks is the mutualization of debt in Europe, the creation of new pots of money.  In a monetary union where the deficit rules of Maastricht are respected, there is no need for permanent rescue funds.   What we Christian Democrats call  preservation of Creation  overlaps a lot with what the Greens call a sustainable approach to nature.   There can only be a Jamaica tax concept if it includes the end of the solidarity surcharge without taking that money out of people s pockets somewhere else.   The chancellery and the finance ministry should be politically separate. A Greens, a CSU or an FDP finance minister - anything would be better than leaving the finance ministry in CDU hands.  ",1
17226,"Seven miners killed, one missing in coal mine collapse in Turkey","DIYARBAKIR, Turkey (Reuters) - Seven miners were killed and another was missing after part of a coal mine in Turkey s southeastern province of Sirnak collapsed on Tuesday, government spokesman Bekir Bozdag said.  Search and rescue teams were looking for the missing worker who was trapped at the site. Turkey s energy ministry said the coal mine was unlicensed and had been operating illegally.  The activities of the mining field in Sirnak where the accident took place were stopped by the General Directorate of Mining Affairs in 2013 because it carried operational and security risks,  the energy ministry said. Workplace accidents are not unusual in Turkey. Its rapid growth over the past decade has seen a construction boom and a scramble to meet soaring energy and commodities demand, with worker safety standards often failing to keep pace. Its worst ever mining disaster took place in May 2014 in the western town of Soma, where 301 workers were killed. ",1
17227,Ex-soccer star 'King George' nears goal of Liberia presidency,"MONROVIA (Reuters) - George Weah has been here before: on the goal line of the Liberian presidency, one run-off vote from victory. Unlike in 2005, however, his support is much wider and many expect him at last to succeed. The 1995 European soccer player of the year won 39 percent of votes in first round presidential polls last week, with 95 percent of votes counted. The final result is due on Wednesday. That was 10 percentage points more than closest rival Vice President Joseph Boakai, and a better score than he had in earlier contests, but short of the 50 percent needed to win.  A run-off between Weah and Boakai will be held in November.  The result shows how support has grown steadily for the former AC Milan striker, who lit up television screens in Liberia in the 1990s with his mazy runs, briefly distracting fans from a 1989-2003 civil war that killed tens of thousands. Now  King George , as his supporters call him, has to persuade the majority that he can run a country as well as he kicks a ball. His rhetoric has been light on policy so far. In an interview on Oct 8 he spoke vaguely about a need for better roads.   We will seek a government of inclusion where everyone can work together and make our country a better one for all of us,  he told Reuters. Weah grew up in Clara Town slum in the capital Monrovia, playing football there and in Cameroon, where manager Arsene Wenger spotted him and took him to Monaco. He went on to play for Milan and Paris St Germain, and later in his career for Chelsea, Manchester City and Marseille. He became the first non-European to win the Ballon d Or in 1995, the same year he picked up the African and world player of the year awards. His rags-to-riches story has inspired supporters from similarly lowly backgrounds.  Weah is grass roots, a son of the soil - he is a star, but he has the country at heart,  said Oliver Myers, an unemployed 39-year-old from the Rehab neighborhood outside Monrovia.  Others are wary of his lack of political experience and education, and question his ability to govern a country that remains 12th from bottom of the U.N. Human Development Index.  Weah s populism and inability to articulate a coherent platform ... are deeply concerning,  said Liberian political analyst Robtel Neajai Pailey in a recent opinion piece for Liberian website The Bush Chicken.  Success at football does not translate into success in the presidency of a traumatized, poorly managed, post-war nation.  Doubts over Weah s experience could still sink his ambitions in next month s run-off, as in 2005, when he won the first round but lost the second to Ellen Johnson Sirleaf, the Nobel Peace Prize winner who went on to rule for 12 years. Weah refused to take part in televised debates attended by most other major candidates, and his choice of running mate Jewel Howard-Taylor - ex-wife of Charles Taylor, the former president and warlord serving 50 years in Britain for war crimes in neighboring Sierra Leone - has raised eyebrows. Johnson Sirleaf was credited with shoring up peace after the civil war, but criticized for failing to tackle elite graft and doing little to lift most Liberians out of poverty.  Development has been hindered by an Ebola outbreak and a drop in the price of iron ore. Poor roads still leave most of rural Liberia stranded during the rainy season, often without electricity. In Monrovia, where derelict buildings line the main highways, most live on pitted dirt streets with little access to clean water.  Boakai, 72, Sirleaf s deputy for 12 years, has struggled to separate himself from her during his campaign, despite promoting his humble beginnings.  As Weah gained popularity, he was elected to the Liberian senate in 2014, defeating the president s son Robert Sirleaf.  He still plays football every Sunday in Monrovia.  While people have reservations about his lack of education, he is seen as the candidate for change,  a diplomat told Reuters on Monday.   It will take a lot for Boakai to turn this one around.  Thomas Kojo, who played with Weah on the Liberia national team, thinks his former teammate s passion for his country will take him far.   The heart George has for Liberia is unbelievable,  Kojo said in an interview outside Weah s compound in Rehab on Monday.  He made sure the national team was always trying to bring (home) some pride.  Weah paid for the national team s kit when the Football Association couldn t afford it during the war, and gave players up to $600 spending money and similar bonuses if the team won, Kojo said. He once chartered a flight for the team when they were stranded in Ivory Coast without a flight to a game.  The football team was the only good image to come from Liberia when all people saw was the killing,  Kojo said.   He made sure he was there for us.  ",1
17228,"EU rebuffs British PM May, demands more concessions on Brexit","LUXEMBOURG/LONDON (Reuters) - The European Union told Britain on Tuesday it must make more concessions in talks over its departure from the bloc, offering little hope of a breakthrough for Prime Minister Theresa May at a summit later this week. May traveled to Brussels on Monday for dinner with senior EU officials, hoping to nudge the Brexit talks forward to look at future ties which she says will help London make advances on calculating a financial settlement. But hours after the dinner, ministers from EU countries, even those such as the Netherlands that have much to lose if there is no Brexit deal, said May needed to go further on detailing how much Britain will pay when it leaves the bloc. After losing her governing Conservatives  majority in a June election and struggling through the party s annual conference, May has little room for maneuver   unable to increase her offer on the Brexit bill for fear of angering her own party.  We, the 27 together, find it extremely important that substantial progress is made on all three areas,  Dutch Foreign Minister Bert Koenders told reporters. But he also said the EU would offer May an olive branch at their summit on Friday by saying they would start preparing among themselves for talks on a post-Brexit transition in order to be able to engage with Britain swiftly after London delivers.  I hope that in the UK the reality comes in that this is a possibility to come to the next stage in December,  Koenders said in Luxembourg where ministers were preparing for the summit this Thursday and Friday. After the Brussels dinner on Monday, May and European Commission chief Jean-Claude Juncker said the pace of Brexit negotiations should be stepped up after they stalled largely over the size of the divorce bill. The EU s chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier struck a note of caution on Tuesday.  It takes two to accelerate,  he told reporters as he arrived to brief EU ministers in Luxembourg.  One step after another... We are not finished with the first step.  Neither side signaled there would be much movement at the EU summit after five rounds of talks, and some EU ministers in Luxembourg on Tuesday said it was hard to negotiate with a prime minister under pressure from Brexit hardliners.  Sometimes it s very difficult to see and understand what Britain really wants from these negotiations,  said Finland s deputy minister, Samuli Virtanen.  It seems that at the moment EU 27 is more unanimous than UK 1.  With only 17 months before Britain leaves, the lack of progress in the talks have prompted companies to get ready not only for London leaving without a deal but also for a prolonged lack of certainty which makes investment decisions difficult. Britain s Brexit minister David Davis said separately that London had no plans to walk away from the negotiations and that he hoped the looming EU summit would  build on the momentum and spirit of cooperation we now have.  At the summit in Brussels on Thursday and Friday, May is due to set out Britain s Brexit position and then leave the room as the other EU leaders discuss the progress of the talks to unravel more than 40 years of union. According to a draft of the conclusions for the summit, the EU are unlikely to agree with May that it is time to move the talks forward, but will instead suggest starting a discussion on transition among themselves. That comes after May also talked on the phone with German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Emmanuel Macron in recent days, with sources saying both Paris and Berlin rebuffed her advances and stuck to the EU line. Foreign minister Boris Johnson told the British parliament on Tuesday he hoped  our friends and partners  in the EU would discuss the transition period, saying  if we re going to get on to that kind of question, now is the time for them to do so . British officials have increasingly accepted that Friday will not bring the breakthrough they had hoped for, but believe an improved tone may mean that might not be too far off.  The PM is pleased with how the dinner went, it was productive, it was a friendly discussion,  a May spokesman said.  We have been absolutely clear that we can only resolve the financial implications of the UK s withdrawal and other issues as part of the settlement of all the issues.  But members of her party have reduced May s room for maneuver, with some Brexit campaigners saying if there was no progress on Friday, the prime minister should walk away.  It s all about the money and if she ups the bid now, that is a really hard sell politically,  a senior source in May s governing Conservative Party told Reuters. ",1
17229,German court sentences 88-year-old Holocaust denier to jail,"BERLIN (Reuters) - A German court sentenced an 88-year-old woman to six months in prison on Monday for denying the Holocaust and for inciting hatred. Ursula Haverbeck, who describes herself as a revisionist historian, said at a public event in January 2016 that gas chambers in Auschwitz concentration camp  were not real . A court in Berlin found Haverbeck guilty after examining a short video of her speech in which she said that she was citing a book, not expressing her own views. The court, however, found the speech to be her own and gave her six months in prison. Denying the Holocaust, in which six million Jews were killed, is a crime in Germany, punishable by up to five years in prison. Haverbeck, who is avoiding going to jail by appealing the verdict, has faced similar legal cases across Germany. The latest was by a court in North Rhine-Westphalia last summer when she was given a 10-month prison sentence for the same charges. ",1
17230,Factbox: Raqqa - Islamic State's Syrian HQ has fallen,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - U.S.-backed militias in Syria have declared victory over Islamic State in its capital Raqqa, a milestone in the fight to roll back the theocratic  caliphate  declared in 2014.. Here are facts about Raqqa: Raqqa sits on the Euphrates river around 90 km (56 miles) from the Turkish border in north central Syria.  Sunni militant group Islamic State overran Raqqa in January 2014, seizing control from rebel factions opposed to the rule of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. The United States has said Islamic State planned and sent teams from Raqqa to carry out attacks on cities including Paris, Brussels and Istanbul.  THE ANTI-IS OFFENSIVE The Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), an alliance of mostly Kurdish and Arab militias, began to advance towards Raqqa city in November 2016. After encircling the city, they launched the offensive to take it, facing tough resistance.  The United States-led coalition supported the SDF with air strikes and special forces on the ground.  The battle for Raqqa has taken a severe toll on civilians. The United Nations said in March the city contained around 200,000 people, just under its pre-war population.  Since late last year, fighting around and in Raqqa has displaced tens of thousands of people. Many have fled the city to camps in surrounding territory now under the control of the SDF and its strongest component, the Kurdish YPG militia.  Civilians who were trapped inside the Islamic State enclave in the city endured miserable conditions for months, lacking water, power, food and healthcare. As the SDF captured parts of Raqqa they were mostly been cleared of residents.     Air strikes, fighting and Islamic State snipers and mines have killed many hundreds of people.   The coalition says it is careful to avoid civilian casualties in its bombing runs in Syria and Iraq. But the U.N. human rights office and rights group Amnesty International have raised concerns about reports of high civilian deaths.  Islamic State imposed its very strict interpretation of Islamic law on Raqqa s residents. The fighters have carried out public executions, lashings and violent punishments for infringements of their rule. The Raqqa campaign has stirred tension between the United States and NATO-ally Turkey. Potential Kurdish influence in the future of the mainly Arab city is sensitive both for some activists from Raqqa and for Turkey.   The YPG has become the main U.S. partner in the fight against Islamic State in northern Syria. Ankara views it as a Syrian extension of the Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK), which has waged a three-decade insurgency within Turkey, and fears growing Kurdish power along its border. The SDF s political allies have set up a Raqqa Civil Council of people from the city, which the SDF has said it will hand control to after Islamic State s defeat. This echoes the pattern in other towns and cities that the SDF captured. The U.S.-led coalition has helped train a new police force for the city.  Islamic State has made enemies of all sides in the more than six-year Syrian conflict, with separate offensives now trying to clear it from its last foothold in the towns along the Euphrates river in eastern Syria near the Iraqi border. Besides the U.S.-backed SDF, the Syrian army, with Russian jets and Iran-backed militias, is also waging its own campaign against Islamic State in eastern Syria.         A modern-day provincial transport hub and market town, Raqqa was built by the Abbasid Islamic Caliphate in the eighth century, serving as its capital at one point. It has been inhabited since antiquity and contains important archeological and architectural sites. The United Nations has said they have been extensively looted during the war and religious buildings have been damaged. Islamic State militants released a video of them bombing a large part of the Uwais al-Qarani shrine complex in March 2014. ",1
17231,"UK says needs 1,200 officials to register EU nationals after Brexit","LONDON (Reuters) - Britain will need a total of 1,200 government officials to help register millions of European Union citizens living in the country after the country leaves the bloc in 2019, interior minister Amber Rudd said on Tuesday. The government has so far recruited 700 officials and will need to hire about 500 more for the system to be operational by the end of next year, Rudd told a parliamentary committee. The finance ministry has provided 50 million pounds ($66 million) to help cover the cost of setting up the program, Rudd said.   We are going to be testing and rolling it out in stages to make sure we get it right,  Rudd said.  We will be nimble on our toes...to make sure we recruit where necessary to keep it up.   The legal status and rights of EU nationals is one of the thornier issues in Britain s complicated exit from the bloc. There are about three million EU citizens living in the UK. ($1 = 0.7592 pounds) ",1
17232,"Russian opposition leader's fraud conviction arbitrary, Europe's top rights court says","STRASBOURG, France (Reuters) - Europe s top human rights court ruled on Tuesday that Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny s conviction for fraud in 2014 had been  arbitrary and manifestly unreasonable  and ordered Russia to pay him compensation.  We have won. Thanks everyone for support,  tweeted Navalny, a campaigner against corruption among Russia s elite who hopes to run against Vladimir Putin in a March election. Putin is widely expected to seek and win a fourth term as president.  Russian authorities have three months to decide whether to appeal against the ruling by the European Court of Human Rights (ECHR), the TASS news agency cited Russia s deputy justice minister and ECHR representative Mikhail Galperin as saying.  We proved that this case was a fabricated one, and that this ugly buffoonery in the court room in 2014 had nothing to do with a fair legal proceeding,  Navalny wrote on his website, www.navalny.com, after the court announced its ruling. A suspended jail sentence in a separate case   which Navalny says was politically motivated   may still bar him from running for president. The Strasbourg-based ECHR said Navalny and his brother Oleg s convictions for fraud and money laundering were based on an unforeseeable application of criminal law and that the proceedings were arbitrary and unfair.  I am glad that justice was done,  Navalny wrote.  He said the case against him had been staged to thwart his anti-corruption and political activities through the pressure put on him and his family.  When thieves and swindlers in power declare that I cannot run (for president) because of  the law ,  the sentence , because (I am)  a criminal  and  recidivist , we can show them with confidence what they will never have   a decision by a true, fair court,  he wrote.  It is clearly written there that the law and the right are on our side. It s them who are criminals, not me.  Navalny and his brother were convicted in December 2014 of money laundering and defrauding their business partners. Navalny was given a suspended sentence of 3-1/2 years and his brother a prison sentence of the same length. The Navalnys lodged a complaint with the ECHR in January 2015. The ECHR ruled that Russia must pay Navalny and his brother 10,000 euros ($12,000) each for non-pecuniary damage, plus costs and expenses of 45,000 euros for Alexei and 10,971 euros and 460,000 roubles ($8,000) for Oleg. In another case which Navalny says was a Kremlin attempt to prevent him standing for election, a Russian court in February found him guilty of embezzlement in relation to a timber firm called Kirovles and gave him a five-year suspended sentence. It was the second time the case had been heard, after the ECHR said Navalny s right to a fair hearing had been violated and ordered a retrial. ",1
17233,"South African reshuffle irks ANC allies, Zuma confidant to oversee nuclear deal","JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South African President Jacob Zuma made a close associate energy minister on Tuesday as his government tries to push through a big nuclear deal but his sacking of another minister was seen undermining his ANC party s ruling alliance. The rand currency and South African bonds fell in value after Zuma s second Cabinet reshuffle in seven months, with the rand 1 percent lower on the day against the dollar.  The market is taking it slightly negative,  said Rand Merchant Bank fixed income specialist Michelle Wohlberg. Zuma is unpopular with many investors after sacking respected finance minister Pravin Gordhan in March, a move that hit South African financial assets and helped tip the country s credit ratings into  junk  territory.  He changed six ministers in all on Tuesday, including those for home affairs, education and communications. Blade Nzimande, a fierce critic of Zuma whose South African Communist Party (SACP) is a key ally of the ruling African National Congress, was axed as higher education minister.  The appointment of David Mahlobo, formerly state security minister, to head the energy ministry will heighten speculation that the 75-year-old president is trying to push through the nuclear deal before his second term ends in 2019.  The appointment of Mr Mahlobo to head up the energy department needs to be seen in the context of the President wanting to push ahead with the proposed nuclear energy program,  Jeffrey Schultz and Nic Borain, analysts at BNP Paribas South Africa said.  South Africa is preparing to add 9,600 megawatts of nuclear capacity   equivalent to up to 10 nuclear reactors   in a contract that could be worth tens of billions of dollars and would be one of the biggest nuclear deals anywhere in decades.  Companies including Russia s Rosatom, South Korea s Kepco, France s EDF and Areva, Toshiba-owned Westinghouse, and China s CGN are eyeing the project, which has been criticized by South African civil society groups and the opposition for lacking transparency. Investors are also worried about the potential impact of the project on South Africa s already strained public finances.          Former energy minister Mmamaloko Kubayi, who was only appointed in March, was moved to the communications ministry. Contrary to speculation, Zuma did not appoint Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma, his ex-wife and former African Union chair, to a Cabinet position ahead of the ANC s December conference to  choose a new leader. Zuma is said to favor Dlamini-Zuma to take over from him at the party s helm, instead of Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa. But his removal from the cabinet of Nzimande, a vocal critic of Zuma s scandal-plagued presidency, risked widening a rift with ANC allies the SACP and trade union group COSATU ahead of national elections in 2019. Nzimande is general secretary of the SACP, which has 17 members of parliament. He has criticized Zuma over his links with the Guptas, a family of Indian-born businessman who have been accused of using their influence to secure lucrative state contracts for their companies. Zuma and the Guptas have consistently denied any wrongdoing.  This is a clear declaration of war on the SACP by President Zuma,  the SACP s first deputy general secretary Solly Mapaila said, although he did not indicate the party would leave the ruling alliance. ANC Secretary-General Gwede Mantashe acknowledged that Nzimande s sacking would have a negative effect on relations with the SACP and said relations within the alliance were at  their lowest at this point in time .  ",1
17234,Kenya's Odinga pulled out of election to avoid defeat: deputy president,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenya s opposition leader Raila Odinga decided not to stand in next week s presidential election to avoid defeat rather than for reasons of principle, the deputy president said on Tuesday. Odinga was due to face President Uhuru Kenyatta on Oct. 26 in a repeat of a presidential vote held in August but he withdrew his candidacy, saying the electoral commission had failed to institute reforms to guarantee fairness. Kenyatta won the Aug. 8 election by 1.4 million votes. The Supreme Court annulled the election citing procedural irregularities and ordered that it be held again.  Odinga is running away from a humiliating defeat,  deputy president William Ruto told journalists.  He has to find this excuse and that excuse and the other excuse to try and justify his exit.  He said the government wants Odinga to run but could not force him.  Legitimacy is a matter that concerns us and it concerns us because we believe in a democracy,  he said. The ruling party is confident Kenyatta can win and secure a second and final four-year term in office, Ruto said, citing their majority in parliament and regional governorships.  Political turmoil connected to the elections has hurt Kenya s economy. The country has East Africa s richest economy and is a stable Western ally in a tumultuous region. Odinga says the election board has failed to meet conditions to guarantee fairness, including firing key personnel he blamed for mistakes during the last poll. Ruto said the board could agree to Odinga s demands as long as the election went ahead. On Sunday, the board ran adverts in national newspapers showing which demands it had agreed to and why others were rejected. It has agreed to more than half of opposition demands and says it cannot agree to others due to time constraints. Odinga has called for daily protests to force the reforms. His supporters have defied a ban by authorities on protests in the center of Nairobi, as well as in the port city of Mombasa and the western city of Kisumu, which is Odinga s stronghold. On Tuesday Odinga blamed police and ruling party supporters for disrupting a planned rally in central Kenya and told reporters that he was planning to travel around the country to direct protests in the coming days.  We as NASA are very clear about what we want. We said we don t want to go for an election without proper reforms.  We don t want to escort Jubilee to the altar,  he said.  If Jubilee wants, to have a proper contest, they will have it.  Ruto said the protests were an attempt to create crisis and encourage international mediation that might lead to a power-sharing government, as happened in the wake of civil disturbances after an election in 2007 in which hundreds died.  Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch said on Monday at least 33 people were killed in Nairobi during a police crackdown on opposition supporters after the August vote. The police said the report was  based on falsehoods.  [L8N1MR39L] The opposition said in a statement it was disturbed by the death on Monday of a high school student in the western city of Kisumu, Odinga s stronghold. The security forces were trying to  subdue  people seeking a fair election, it said. Local police said a young man was killed by a bullet in unclear circumstances. Also in Kisumu, a two-year-old girl was hospitalized on Monday and had a bullet removed from her neck, doctors at the city s main hospital said.  The girl was playing outside her home when she was struck with a stray bullet, her mother Lydia Kageha told Reuters. She said she could hear teargas canisters and gunshots in a nearby neighborhood where police and protesters had clashed. Police said they were investigating. A police spokesman said election board officials were attacked by  hooligans  in several towns in western Kenya on Tuesday and warned against interference with the board s work. ",1
17235,Suspected U.S. drone strikes kill 31 on Pakistan-Afghanistan frontier,"PARACHINAR/PESHAWAR, Pakistan (Reuters) - Two suspected U.S. drone strikes on Tuesday killed 11 people on the mountainous Pakistan-Afghanistan border, following a strike a day earlier that killed 20, government and militant sources said.  The attacks came days after a Canadian-American couple held hostage by the Taliban were freed from the area in Pakistan s northwest, striking a rare positive note in the country s often-fraught relations with the United States. On Friday, U.S. drones were seen hovering near where American Caitlan Coleman, her Canadian husband, Joshua Boyle, and their three children, all born in captivity, were freed, after having been kidnapped by the Haqqani network while backpacking in Afghanistan in 2012.   Four unmanned drones fired six missiles in Monday s attack, and four more were dropped in two strikes on Tuesday,  Baseer Khan Wazir, the top administrative official in the Kurram Agency, part of Pakistan s restive Federally Administered Tribal Areasm, told Reuters. The drones fired missiles on Taliban hideouts, killing at least 31 people over two days, he added, with all three attacks taking place on the Afghan side.   Twenty people were killed yesterday, mostly from the Afghan Taliban, and 11 more were killed in today s attacks,  Wazir told Reuters.  Taliban sources said 18 members of the Pakistan-based Haqqani militants, allied to the Taliban, were killed in Monday s strike and six in one of Tuesday s attacks.  There were some mud-built houses which were being used by the mujahideen (Afghan Taliban fighters),  said a member of the Afghan Taliban, who asked not to be identified. No prominent militants were in the area when the drones targeted two or three different compounds, he added. Another Taliban source said two commanders were killed in Monday s attack, however.  Witnesses said they heard the drones and saw plumes of smoke before seeing 20 makeshift coffins moved out of the area. Residents of the area said the strikes were no more than 300 meters (yards) from the Pakistan side of the border.   There are always drones hovering over this border area, but this was the first time four drones were noticed at the same time,  said Kurram resident Gulab Sher.   ",1
17236,Polish President Duda says hopes Turkey will join EU,"WARSAW (Reuters) - Poland hopes Turkey will eventually join the European Union, Polish President Andrzej Duda said on Tuesday, days ahead of an EU summit which will discuss the frayed relations between Brussels and Ankara. The EU, particularly heavyweight member Germany, has become increasingly critical of Turkey since President Tayyip Erdogan launched large-scale purges of state institutions, the military, the judiciary and academia after a failed coup in July 2016.  Poland has supported and (also) today supports Turkey s EU accession efforts,  Duda told a joint news conference with  Erdogan during his visit to Warsaw.  I hope Turkey and the EU will continue on the same path ... leading to a full membership for Turkey.  EU leaders will discuss the bloc s deteriorating ties with Ankara on Oct. 19 during a two-day summit.  Turkey s 12-year-long accession talks, already dogged by disputes on a range of issues, have ground to a halt since the post-coup crackdown, in which more than 50,000 people have been jailed pending trial and some 150,000 - including judges, journalists and soldiers - have been sacked or suspended. Within the EU, Poland has traditionally been among the most staunch supporters of enlargement, including Turkey s accession. Erdogan, speaking alongside Duda, reiterated his criticism of the EU s accession policy, saying the bloc should announce the end of talks if it doesn t mean to accept Turkey.  We won t bother you any further and you don t bother us,  he said. ",1
17237,Hungary eases pressure on international universities in Soros row,"BUDAPEST (Reuters) - Hungary has extended a deadline for a U.S.-accredited Budapest university founded by George Soros, philanthropist financier and prominent critic of Prime Minister Viktor Orban s government, to comply with a new education law or face closure. As Hungary prepares for parliamentary elections in early 2018, the nationalist, right-wing Orban, who leads the ruling Fidesz party, has launched a  national consultation campaign  on Soros and what he has dubbed the  Soros plan .   The higher education bill applies to all international universities, not just the Soros-founded Central European University, but critics say it was clearly targeted at the Hungarian liberal, whom Orban accuses of planning to bring millions of migrants into Europe.  Parliament approved to amend the higher education law, which sparked big protests when it was passed in April, to extend the deadline for foreign universities to meet conditions for operating in Hungary until end-2018 from end-2017. Justice Minister Laszlo Trocsanyi said in the bill that the legislation wanted to create a level playing field for all institutions of higher education.  Critics say Orban s efforts against Soros and foreign-accredited universities are part of an election campaign strategy to whip up support among Hungarians who also hold anti-immigration views and fear perceived foreign interference.   Soros, 87, lives in the United States but funds a number of initiatives in his home country, including civil rights and refugee rights NGOs. He has heavily criticized Orban s government.  I admire the courageous way Hungarians have resisted the deception and corruption of the mafia state Orban has established,  Soros said in June. Opponents to the higher education bill said it was an attack on academic freedom, provoking big protests in Budapest in the spring and causing Orban s approval ratings to drop. Although polls show Fidesz  approval rating to be only around 30 percent at present, it is still predicted to win over the deeply divided opposition. CEU said in a statement on Tuesday that  it has taken all steps to fulfill the conditions of the amended Hungarian higher education law.   It also said the extension of the deadline for compliance is an  unnecessary delay  that subjects the university to a further year of legal uncertainty.   ",1
17238,POLITICS: Xi Jinping's compliant generation,"(Reuters) - The relative stability and comfort around them as they grew up, plus the steady drip of propaganda, have engendered a deep sense of patriotism in the  Class of 2012 . They spend little time thinking about politics, though, focusing instead on what they can control. They are the product of the government bargain with society after the crackdown on the Tiananmen protests in 1989   that the ruling Communist Party would unshackle the economy and let the people get rich, so long as they steered clear of politics. Here is a selection of their views on politics. Qin Lijuan, a senior wealth management consultant, who expressed confidence in President Xi Jinping - popularly known as Xi Dada, or Uncle Xi:  I understand Xi Dada. He manages the country from the bigger picture. We little citizens just need to comply ... I can accept it.   He has created some advantages and achievements on the political front. For instance, we ve gotten stronger in terms of protecting national sovereignty abroad. When going abroad you can clearly feel the respect of other countries for China. This is a very good beginning. When the state is strong, the people are strong.  Qi Jing, a township leader for the Communist Youth League:  It s so true that today s China could never have development like this without the Communist Party. I feel I ve ... found a sense of belonging.  Wu Qiong, who works in international settlements at a foreign bank:  I don t focus too much on state leaders to see if what they do affect my life. Really. I would never say  I have an idea  and then hope our state leaders would go and implement it and help my friends and me to change something. Never ... I should rely on myself to get things done.  Zheng Yue, an interior designer:  I don t care about politics because my job has nothing to do with politics. And also I can t solve political problems. Even if I cared a lot about it, it s no use. I can t change anything ... I feel that they have made China faithless. I don t know the reason, but that s what I feel. I think Chinese people have no beliefs, and that s related to the ruling party.  Hu Ruixin, computer technician:  I don t pay attention. I don t like politics. I feel it s too restricted. I like freedom.  GRAPHIC: China's leadership tmsnrt.rs/2xKEEQZ ",1
17239,GENERATION GAP: China's one-child generation grows up,"(Reuters) - The  Class of 2012  grew up with more than their parents or grandparents could dream of   more food, more clothing, more comfort, more opportunities   as China s economy surged during their childhood.  They did not have to struggle like previous generations, or  eat bitterness , giving them a generally positive outlook.  Their lives have also been shaped by the one-child policy, which since the 1970s has aimed to control a swelling population.  Here is what they think about the generation gap.  Wu Qiong, who works in international settlements at a foreign bank:   When I was getting to know this world, this world had already changed and become relatively developed. I have watched it get better and better, not just become OK or be re-built. I didn t see it being built, I saw it changing.   ""We really haven't eaten bitterness.""  Hu Ruixin, a computer technician, speaking of the optimism of his generation:   I think this is related to the age of our generation. Our parents lived hard lives, but our generation are all  only children  so our lives are not bad. We should stay positive.   Fu Shiwei, an assistant university teacher, who is confident about her generation s prospects when it takes up leadership roles in companies and across the country:   One rather large difference is that I think my generation is braver than the previous one when making choices, and is more open minded.   Zhang Yulin, a married video game designer:   The pressure on our generation is fairly large. We are all  only children , pretty much. The pressure of taking care of parents and the like is very big. The two of us need to support four parents. Housing prices are also extremely high now. As for work, competition is fierce. If I don t work hard, I will be knocked out.   Zheng Yue, an interior designer:   Only children are different in terms of their temperament. They only think of themselves. They don t have that caring-for-others state of mind, that sense of responsibility.    This society is too shallow ... The so-called spiritual root now is money. With money many people have peace of mind, but it s not a spiritual root.   Qi Jing, a township leader for the Communist Party Youth League, who grew up in Wuhan:   When I had great pressure around the time of the college entrance exam, my mom would tell me stories about my dad s business. When he first came to Wuhan he had no one to lean on, five yuan in his pocket, and with no place to live, he slept in a park.   ",1
17240,INTERNET: Living with the Great Firewall of China,"(Reuters) - The  Great Firewall of China    the world s most extensive effort to try to control cyberspace   has become more formidable under President Xi Jinping.  Authorities have closed some video and audio streaming websites, limited online access to foreign and  foreign-inspired  television programs, stiffened penalties for  spreading rumor  via social media and restricted access to virtual private networks.  For the very wired  Class of 2012 , these measures are largely minor inconveniences. Some buy into the idea that the Internet needs to be closely managed. Others just find workarounds.  Here are their views on living with the Great Firewall.  Wang Siyue, a product specialist at an Internet education company:  ""I'm sure these restrictions will exist in the short term, but over the long term they can't block the development of this industry domestically. I believe there will be even more internet companies and startup opportunities.""  Zhang Weixuan, an assistant secretary at a software company:   For contemporary youth in China right now, our channels for information are broad, including the use of VPNs, or a variety of means through which we can be exposed to foreign news.    For me (blocking VPNs) won t have a great impact. Maybe for second- and third-tier cities, or for those young people who have never had the experience of going abroad, or whose English is not very good, they may be subject to the impact of the country s more stringent controls over propaganda.   Fu Shiwei, an assistant university teacher:   My students are very tech savvy so they help me solve things like looking up academic information or stay updated on global current affairs. I think it s okay. The government keeps everyone in line, so I don t have any strong opinions about the government.   Zuo Aining, a senior credit risk associate, based in Washington, D.C.:   I personally think that for the Internet, as a very open platform, certain strategies for oversight are very necessary ... what I m concerned about are things like terrorist attacks.    Maybe if you make better use of systems to supervise the Internet you ll have a more positive impact in terms of protecting national security.   Qin Lijuan, a senior wealth management consultant:   If I want some news I usually just ask friends abroad. I ve got a lot of classmates who are abroad, who studied there or are working there.   GRAPHIC: Great Firewall of China tmsnrt.rs/2kUuirU ",1
17241,Ghana and Ivory Coast act to implement ruling on maritime border dispute,"ACCRA (Reuters) - Ghana and Ivory Coast set up a body on Tuesday to implement an international tribunal ruling on their dispute over a border running through multibillion dollar offshore oilfields, they said in a statement. The International Tribunal for the Law of the Sea last month drew an ocean boundary that seemed to favour Ghana in a dispute with its neighbour Ivory Coast, ruling that Accra had not violated Ivorian rights in drilling for oil.   Following last month s ruling, the two leaders have agreed to work together and this has culminated in the setting up of a joint commission to implement the ruling,  Ghanaian foreign minister Shirley Botchwey said, reading a joint communique. The decade-old row between the West African neighbours has put the brakes on the development of Ghana s $6 billion offshore TEN field, run by Tullow Oil , one of the projects in the contested area of the Atlantic. The court ruling did not correspond with either Ghana or Ivory Coast s claim, but appeared closer to Ghana s, and it rejected the former s attempt to halt development. ",1
17242,"Young Chinese woman chases dream abroad, but looks wistfully home","BEIJING (Reuters) - Zuo Aining has always been a striver, always making plans. After excelling in high school in the rustbelt city of Changchun, in northeast China, she was exempted from the country s dreaded college entrance exam when a leading business university in Beijing offered her early acceptance. After graduating from the school, University of International Business and Economics with a degree in business English, she got to work on her next plan. Zuo dreamed of going abroad to study, an increasingly common path for the children of the affluent families that have proliferated in China after years of breakneck growth.  She applied to George Washington University in Washington, D.C., which her parents - her father is an accountant, her mother a technician for electronic instruments - were able to afford. She was accepted, and earned a Master s degree in accounting, which landed her a job as a tax consultant in Washington. Her plans to stay on in the United States were threatened after she failed to get a coveted U.S. work visa for two straight years in the annual lottery. That meant Zuo had to sign up for expensive MBA courses at a night school to keep her legal status as a student. At the same time, she worked full time for an accounting firm, until she finally got her visa last year in her third attempt. But now, after achieving her dream, Zuo - the granddaughter of former soldiers in the People s Liberation Army - has been looking wistfully at her homeland. She has always had clear career goals, but also a strong sense of pride in her country. In college, she spent the summer of 2009 marching with schoolmates in preparation for a huge parade that October in Beijing s Tiananmen Square to celebrate the 60th anniversary of the founding of the People s Republic of China. Zuo and her marching cohort only flashed on TV screens around the country for a few seconds, among the tens of thousands of others also participating. But it was a proud moment for her and her parents.  Now, as she watches China s rise with equal pride, she wonders if it s time to go back.  Many industries in China are developing rapidly, it is likely that China might surpass the U.S. in terms of technology and market one day,  she said. Relaxing in a park in Beijing, where she returned this autumn to take care of some official paperwork, Zuo said she was stunned by the changes she saw in China. The advances in financial technology, fast rendering Chinese cities cashless, were surprising. Things like app-linked bike sharing, which has become ubiquitous in Chinese cities, amazed her. Something new started gnawing at her.  This time back in China the feeling that I have is one of worry that it would be very easy to be left behind if I return to the U.S.,  she said. That might make her recalibrate her plans, she said.  My life is going as I planned five years ago,  she said thoughtfully. But,  if there is a better platform and opportunity for me to do what I want to do, I will come back without any hesitation.  ",1
17243,A 'goddess party secretary' ponders her future in fast-moving China,"WUHAN, China (Reuters) - In the mid 1980s, as a wave of economic reforms swept China, Qi Jing s parents fled the poverty of their farming village to seek opportunity in the bustling city of Wuhan.  Her father found a job as a glass cutter, and later as a security guard, while her mother took care of their home. Thirty years later, in a country transformed, Qi headed in the reverse direction in search of her own future. Soft-spoken and rail thin, Qi grew up a city girl whose only inkling of the hardship her parents and grandparents knew came during annual trips back to their village in Henan province. In college, Qi majored in English and grew to love romantic British literature. One of her favorite books was Jane Austen s  Emma . She was attracted by the main character, a woman of strength and individuality. She wanted to study sociology in graduate school, but failed to make it into the school of her choice. Instead, she applied for a program to turn fresh graduates into rural officials. She had been a red-scarf-wearing Young Pioneer as a child - like almost all her classmates - and then a member of the Communist Youth League in her teens. When a college professor suggested she take the next step and join the Communist Party it seemed like the logical thing to do. As did going to work for the party.  I ve all along been in touch with what my advantages are, where my abilities lie,  she said.  And in going through certain experiences,  she added,  I ve discovered what kind of profession I m suited to. This is how my dream has become more and more clear.  Qi moved from Wuhan, in central China, to a nearby village to be the assistant to the local party boss. It was an eye-opening experience, with a heavy work load and problems far more complex than she d imagined. Two years later she moved to Putuan, a rural township further afield, to run the local branch of the Communist Youth League, the organization in charge of cultivating future party members.  I really wanted to explore the flashpoints of humanity. In college it was all theoretical.   The villagers posed complicated challenges, but sometimes so did her superiors in the system in which she worked. She felt she had a more open mind, and more creative ideas than some older officials up the chain of command. Last year, she helped the township organize its first lotus flower festival to attract tourists. She contacted a photo studio and spent her own money and a weekend having photos of herself taken in traditional robes, hair extensions flowing, among the lotus fields. She posted the photos on the messaging app WeChat. Local media picked up the story, dubbing her the  goddess party secretary  - and the pictures went viral. But five years into her new life in the countryside and approaching the age of 30, Qi feels like she s nearing a crossroads. She would like to find a boyfriend and get married, but her attempts to date rural boys haven t panned out. A long-distance relationship with someone in Wuhan, an hour away, doesn t seem practical.  I used to be fairly optimistic, but now I m neutral,  she said.  At a certain age, one s opportunities get fewer and fewer, especially for women when it comes to your work and family choices. You must face them all.   ",1
17244,Cash and coffee: a young woman's path in a changing China,"CHENGDU, China (Reuters) - When she was a child, Qin Lijuan s grandfather was the local Communist Party boss in the district where they lived in southwestern China. But one of her favorite things to do was decidedly capitalistic. Her grandmother ran a shop and around Chinese New Year was flush with cash. Qin loved handling the money and counting it. She wanted to be rich one day.  When I was little I told my grandma that when I was done with school I d take care of the store,  she said. When she eventually went to university in the southwestern metropolis of Chengdu, Qin, who goes by the English name Coco, still had money on her mind. Studying animation at a branch of the University of Electronic Science and Technology of China, Qin counted her pennies and dreamed of making 10,000 yuan a month so that she could enjoy the best of what the thriving city had to offer.  At the time I thought, very simplistically, I d eat the best that Chengdu has to offer and see the best things,  she said.  That s how big my dream was.  However, she learned that working as an animator on video games or in movies, natural career paths in her field, would earn her less than half of what she hoped for.  She decided to look elsewhere and in early 2014 a friend helped her land a job selling memberships to an exclusive golf club with branches around China. She quickly got the hang of sales and learned to network within the small circles of people rich enough to join the club. As she picked up clients, though, a sweeping anti-corruption campaign launched by President Xi Jinping was gaining traction.  Xi targeted extravagant behavior, including golf, which was regarded as synonymous with wealth and power. In 2015, the party banned officials from holding golf club memberships. Even before that happened, Qin felt the effects of the campaign. Officials began quietly returning memberships or transferring them to others, she said. Golf memberships had become a liability.  Business wasn t as good as before,  she said. Her mother had recently had minor surgery, so Qin decided it was a good time to leave the golf company and move back to her hometown of Nanchong, a city in Sichuan province some 200 km (125 miles) east of Chengdu. She moved in with her sister and got a job managing a new golf driving range, but soon felt out of place after more than five years in the provincial capital. She said she felt a strong sense of culture shock.  I basically couldn t find similar people in terms of their thinking,  she said. In Chengdu, she had grown accustomed to having a coffee to start the morning, but her colleagues at the driving range in Nanchong thought that was pretentious. She felt she had outgrown her hometown and wasn t moving forward. Chengdu beckoned, but she knew she needed a new job. She had been interested in finance but didn t know much about it, so she enrolled in a wealth management course. Within months, she moved back to Chengdu and was hired by a consumer credit company where she has worked for the past two years. The dreams of the cash-counting girl seemed back on track but the future remains uncertain.  I m quite anxious,  she said.  My main concern is whether or not I ll have enough earning power.  ",1
17245,"Afghan schools closing due to violence, undermining gains in educating girls, says rights group","KABUL (Reuters) - Spreading violence in Afghanistan is forcing many schools to close, undermining fragile gains in education for young girls in a war-ravaged country where millions of girls have never been to school, said a Human Rights Watch report released on Tuesday. After more than a decade and a half of international intervention in Afghanistan, corruption, insecurity, waste, and other problems mean around two-thirds of Afghan girls still do not go to school, the rights group said. Despite the challenges, millions of children have received education, but those gains are now threatened by spreading violence and declining international funding, the report found.  As security in the country has worsened, the progress made toward the goal of getting all girls into school may be heading in reverse   a decline in girls  education in Afghanistan,  the authors wrote.  In the most insecure areas of the country, schools are closing at an alarming rate due to insecurity.  While the war has affected schools since at least 2005,  as the fighting has escalated and spread to previously secure areas, more schools have closed . In Kandahar, for example, at least 130 of 435 schools were closed over the summer, a local government official told HRW. Threats from Islamic State militants forced the closure of at least 61 schools in the northern province of Jawzjan, education ministry spokesman Kabir Haqmal told Reuters.       He said he could not yet comment on the report s findings, but acknowledged that  Security has a great impact on education, and when there are challenges, fewer girls attend.  Access to education can be undermined by factors ranging from limited numbers of qualified teachers and community opposition to a lack of sanitary facilities. One of the more successful education programs is also one of the most threatened by a drop in international funds, the HRW report found. So-called  community-based education  (CBE) programs have helped expand access to schools in many areas, the researchers said. But such programs were only a temporary solution, as they were all run by non-profit groups out a shrinking pool of international donations, they said.  The absence of long-term strategic thinking by government and donors exposes CBE programs, and students, to unpredictable closures,  they added.  International aid has been essential to the progress in expanding access to education since 2001,  they concluded, but ranked bureaucratic hurdles, corruption, and insecurity among the reasons why the government often left the funds unspent. ",1
17246,China state media attacks Western democracy ahead of Congress,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China s official Xinhua news agency attacked Western democracy as divisive and confrontational on Tuesday, praising on the eve of a key Communist Party Congress the harmony and cooperative nature of the Chinese system. China s constitution enshrines the Communist Party s long-term  leading  role in government, though it allows the existence of various other political parties under what is calls a  multi-party cooperation system . But all are subservient to the Communist Party. Activists who call for pluralism are regularly jailed and criticism of China s authoritarian system silenced. In a lengthy English-language commentary, Xinhua took aim at the  crises and chaos swamp(ing) Western liberal democracy .  Unlike competitive, confrontational Western politics, the CPC and non-Communist parties cooperate with each other, working together for the advancement of socialism and striving to improve the people s standard of living,  it said.   The relationship maintains political stability and social harmony and ensures efficient policy making and implementation.  China s system leads to social unity not the divisions which are an unavoidable consequence of the adversarial nature of today s Western democracy, Xinhua said.   Endless political backbiting, bickering and policy reversals, which make the hallmarks of liberal democracy, have retarded economic and social progress and ignored the interests of most citizens.  Xinhua did not name any countries, but state media has previously cited the examples of Britain s vote to leave the European Union and the election of Donald Trump as U.S. president as examples of why Western democracy is flawed. When Xi Jinping assumed office five years ago, his ascendancy gave many Chinese hope for political reform, mainly due to his folksy style and the legacy of his father, Xi Zhongxun, a former reformist vice-premier. But Xi has overseen a sweeping crackdown on civil society, charging or detaining dozens of rights lawyers and activists who authorities say are a threat to national security and social stability. Internet controls have also been tightened. Xi looks set to further cement his grip on power at the once-in-five-years Congress that opens on Wednesday, promoting key allies and laying out a policy framework for the years ahead. Xinhua said that under the leadership of the party, Chinese-style democracy has never been in better shape.  China has absolutely no need to import the failing party political systems of other countries.    After several hundred years, the Western model is showing its age. It is high time for profound reflection on the ills of a doddering democracy which has precipitated so many of the world s ills and solved so few.  ",1
17247,"China will not deviate from path of reform, says party spokesman"," BEIJING (Reuters) - China has set a clear direction on reform and opening up to the world and will not deviate from that course, Communist Party spokesman Tuo Zhen said on Tuesday.  Tuo made the remarks at a briefing a day ahead of the opening of the key, twice-a-decade party congress that will see President Xi Jinping map out his ambitions for the country and further tighten his grip on power.  ",1
17248,China party spokesman says anti-graft fight 'always on the road',"BEIJING (Reuters) - China s anti-corruption fight is  always on the road , Communist Party spokesman Tuo Zhen said on Tuesday ahead of a key party congress that will see President Xi Jinping further tighten his grip on power. Tuo made the comment at a briefing before the twice-a-decade meeting opens on Wednesday. ",1
17249,"China combat veteran, close ally of Xi, to get promotion: sources","BEIJING (Reuters) - A close ally of President Xi Jinping is expected to be promoted to vice chairman of China s Central Military Commission, four sources said, as Xi cements his control over the armed forces. Zhang Youxia, 67, one of just a few senior military officers with combat experience, is tipped to become one of at least two vice chairmen of the commission, the sources, including three with direct ties to the leadership, told Reuters. Xi is chairman of the commission, which has overall control of the People s Liberation Army, as well as the nation s president and general secretary of the Communist Party of China. Zhang would replace Fan Changlong, who is expected to retire during the 19th Communist Party Congress which begins on Wednesday. The other vice chairman, Xu Qiliang, is expected to stay on, the sources said. Both Xi and Zhang are from the northwestern province of Shaanxi and both are children of former senior officials who fought together in the civil war in the 1940s. China s Defence Ministry did not respond to a faxed request for comment. The party has been studying a proposal to increase the number of vice chairmen on the military commission from two to four and reduce the number of other committee members, currently eight, some of the sources said. Xi has shaken up the commission and military since assuming power late in 2012 as he roots out corruption and streamlines the 2 million-strong armed forces, the world s largest. Some 300,000 troops have been laid off and advanced new equipment such as stealth fighters has been developed. While China has not fought a war in decades, it is taking an increasingly assertive line in the disputed East China Sea and South China Sea, as well as over self-ruled Taiwan, which is claimed by China. Two outgoing members of the commission are currently under investigation for suspected graft, sources have told Reuters, though the government has yet to confirm this.  It isn t the first time the military has faced corruption issues. A previous vice chairman, Guo Boxiong, was jailed for life for graft last year, while another former vice chairman, Xu Caihou, died of cancer in 2015 before he could face trial over alleged corruption. Zhang is currently the eighth-ranked member of the 11-man military commission. Zhang is also expected to be promoted to the Communist Party s 25-member Politburo, one of its elite ruling bodies, three of the sources said. One source with ties to the leadership said that the fathers of Xi and Zhang - Xi Zhongxun and Zhang Zongxun - had been close.  The two fathers fought together in the civil war that ended in 1949 with the Communist victory and proclamation of the People s Republic of China. Both men rose to senior positions in the government and military.  The second generation of the two families are also close,  the source added, referring to Xi and Zhang. Born in Beijing, Zhang Youxia joined the army in 1968, rising through the ranks and joining the military commission in late 2012.  He fought against Vietnam in a brief border war in 1979 that China launched in punishment for Vietnam invading Cambodia the previous year and ousting the Beijing-backed Khmer Rouge. Zhang was 26 when he was sent to the frontlines to fight the Vietnamese, where he performed well and was quickly promoted, according to state media. He also fought in another border clash with Vietnam in 1984.  During the battle, whether attacking or defending, Zhang Youxia performed excellently,  the official China Youth Daily wrote in August in a piece entitled,  These Chinese generals have killed the enemy on the battlefield . Another officer recently promoted, Li Zuocheng, who was named chief of the Joint Staff Department of the People s Liberation Army in August, also fought in the 1979 war. Li is also likely to become one of the commission s vice chairmen, but it was unclear if he will also join the Politburo, the sources said. One of the sources, who has ties to the military, said Zhang had a reputation when he was based in northeastern China of walking around his base dressed in civilian clothes, prompting challenges from junior soldiers who didn t recognize him.  He doesn t put on airs and likes getting down in the dirt with ordinary soldiers, to know what their lives are like, how they are living and what they are eating,  said the source, speaking on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the matter. ",1
17250,"Fruit, prawns off the menu at China's austere party Congress","BEIJING (Reuters) - No free fruit in hotel rooms, no free hair cuts and no prawns on the menu - delegates at this week s Communist Party Congress in China can expect austere treatment in keeping with President Xi Jinping s pledge to crack down on corruption and extravagance. Part of Xi s fight against deep-seated graft has been to ensure officials are not seen abusing their positions and wasting public money, after a series of scandals involving high-living bureaucrats ignited public anger. Wang Lilian, who has helped oversee hospitality for delegates at three previous party Congresses, told state radio in remarks reported on Sunday that this time, things are going to be very different. Delegates will, for example, find their hotels bereft of the large welcoming banners and displays of flowers common in previous years. But the biggest difference will be with their rooms and food, Wang said.  There won t be any more fruit put out in rooms, whereas previously there were for delegates and staff. There s none of that this time,  he said. The food was also going to be home-style and simple, Wang said.  There s no sea cucumber, prawns or the like. It s all buffet style.  Delegates won t get free hair cuts or beauty treatments and there won t be any gift shops.  There s none of these services this time,  Wang said. Xi himself has lead the way in promoting simple living, with state media widely reporting on the basic food he eats when on trips around the country, and giving extensive coverage to cases where officials are found to have hoarded gold, owned multiple houses or had a fondness for banquets. Xi has warned, like others before him, that if corruption is not tackled it could affect the party s grip on power. The once-in-five-years Congress opens on Wednesday with a major speech by Xi. ",1
17251,A young Chinese rebel feels the pull of family ties,"CHENGDU, China (Reuters) - Her stepfather was dying from pulmonary heart disease in an intensive care unit on the other side of the country and Zheng Yue had to rush to the airport to catch a flight to see him. Zheng was nervous but outwardly calm as she strode through the airport terminal, pulling a carry-on bag and looking for her check-in counter.  The trip was important for her. She said she never really knew her biological father, who died when she was two. Her mother s second husband was abusive, and she and her mother left him. This husband was better, and she developed genuine feelings for him as a father. Now, she said, she was feeling the pressures of what lay ahead for her and her family, a common worry among the generation that sprang from China s one-child policy.  Being an only child means that down the line you ll have to support the whole family,  she said. Zheng hadn t always shown such devotion to her family. By the time her mother married for the third time, Zheng was developing a rebellious streak that defined her for much of her youth. She started cutting classes in elementary school, staying home to watch TV. In middle and high school she climbed the school wall and went to Internet cafes to play video games. She found school boring, and her grades showed it.  I didn t like going to school. When I went to class I d immediately be tired, exhausted, and I didn t like hearing them lecturing about stuff,  she said. As an only child, her mother tried to keep her on a tight leash. She wasn t allowed to go out alone, or have boyfriends. In her sheltered world she developed a talent for painting and won school awards. When it came time to take the college entrance exam she tested in the fine arts category   an easy path to university in China s rigid system. When she picked a school, Zheng used a map to decide, choosing one that was far from her hometown of Dezhou in Shandong province   a branch of the University of Electronic Science and Technology of China in Chengdu, 1,700 km (1,060 miles) away.  I really wanted to break free of those fetters,  she said. College was freedom. Classes in her major   animation   were bearable, but the others were a chore and she was soon skipping class again. When she was a fourth year student, she landed an internship as an assistant in an interior design firm and before long she was dating the man she worked for. Five years out of college she is still with the same man. After graduating in 2012, she spent the following year without working, living off her boyfriend.  I wasted that year,  she said.  At that time when you re stepping into society your dynamism that year is at its greatest, you re daring enough to do anything.  She eventually found work as an interior designer, often working until midnight.  Marriage and children don t interest her given her traumatic childhood and family life. She lives with her boyfriend in the flat that he owns, and she hopes to be able to buy one of her own - a tough proposition in a country where property prices keep soaring.  You discover that life s pressures get bigger and bigger, whether it s pressure from outside or the kind that comes from your parents, it s all big pressure,  she said, with a stoic nod of the head. She said goodbye and passed through airport security. The next day she tapped out a WeChat message to her friends.  My father died today at 11:37am ... more words would be meaningless.  ",1
17252,"China steps up war on poverty, though some still left behind","BEIJING (Reuters) - Wang Qin, 59, collects scrap at a demolished residential district on the outskirts of Beijing, working 15 hours a day and struggling on her own to pay for her granddaughter s education. She worries that her own home, a small illegally constructed shack where she lives with her granddaughter and mentally ill husband, might also be bulldozed by local authorities. The family lives off the 1,500 yuan ($228) a month Wang makes selling scrap and receives no assistance from the Beijing government.  As migrants from another province, they are not recognized as residents of the capital despite having lived there since 2014. Since she is not registered in Beijing, Wang has to pay more for things like school and medical care - a hardship for migrants in cities, where costs such as housing are also far higher than in the countryside.   Every month you still need to live, I still need to pay the school fees for the child, and her food and drink every day,  said Wang, who came to Beijing to try escape the grinding poverty of her village in Henan province in central China.  I can t take it, my whole body aches, I can t earn the money.   Wang s plight is a common one among millions of poor migrants in China s big cities, as well as in the rural areas from which so many of them come, highlighting the challenges of the government s campaign to wipe out extreme poverty by 2020.   President Xi Jinping made the campaign one of his signature policy issues after pledging in 2015 that China would lift the 70 million people living under the poverty level at the time out of poverty by 2020.  The campaign has been ratcheted up as the Communist Party prepares to hold a twice-a-decade leadership meeting on Wednesday.   The country is placing an unprecedented amount of effort on alleviating poverty,  Liu Yongfu, head of the government s Leading Group of Poverty Alleviation and Development, said at a news conference in Beijing on Tuesday.  President Xi Jinping is personally in command, and has visited all of the areas of concentrated poverty  in China.  He added:  With the active participation of all parts of society, it can be said that the battle against poverty has achieved significant results.  Asked by Reuters about people like Wang, the scrap collector, Liu said migrants could receive benefits in their hometowns, noting that city dwellers were covered by urban social security programs. Beijing has pledged to spend 86 billion yuan on poverty alleviation this year, 30 percent more than last year, according to the Ministry of Finance. Liu said direct spending by central and local governments on poverty alleviation from 2013 to 2017 totaled 461.2 billion yuan, adding that other types of government spending also had an impact. The funds are used for infrastructure projects, as well as subsidies for education, health care and rural agriculture. The government s poverty line is income of 2,300 yuan per year, and by the end of 2016, 43.35 million people were still officially below it. The government s goal is to lift 10 million out of poverty this year, and at that rate the country by 2020 should, at least officially, be rid of serious poverty. The program is credited with increasing the attention given to the countryside and improving things like rural infrastructure.  The president of the World Bank, Jim Yong Kim, on Thursday said China s achievement in lifting 800 million people out of poverty since 1990 was  one of the great stories in human history . But many researchers and social workers say the campaign doesn t address the most serious problems facing China s poor.  I personally don t really agree with the government setting this 2020 poverty alleviation target,  said Yang Lixiong, a professor at Renmin University in Beijing who has studied the issue.  The supportive policies can relieve poverty in the short term, but from a long-term perspective, they will easily fall back into poverty.    Yang said up to half the residents lifted from poverty in some western regions would slip back under the poverty line if government support was removed.  Yang said not enough attention was being paid to long-term issues such as access to schools and health care.   Poverty can only be reduced over a very long period of time. And you can t say poverty is eliminated, it s impossible to eliminate,  said Yang. Central government officials acknowledge the challenges, which they say include poor implementation of policies and misuse of funds at the local level. They also say the program is narrowly focused in order to address the most pressing problems of the poorest rural residents, but insist that much effort is going into improving health care and education.  First we need to win this battle, resolve the current problems,  said Liu, responding to a question from Reuters about whether the program would continue beyond 2020.  Wu Chen, founder of the Beijing-based Social Resources Institute, which works in Dalinggou, a village in Hebei province, said development of rural areas faced challenges like the emptying of the countryside as people move to cities looking for work, environmental destruction, and lack of capital.  Dalinggou is plastered with slogans calling for the village to win the war on poverty. With that aim in mind, the local government built a new paved road to the village and last month installed solar-powered street lights.  Wu said there had been a huge improvement in rural infrastructure, but a wide information and culture gap between the rural poor and urbanites remained a major challenge.  Can these villagers not only escape poverty in terms of income, but also information and ability poverty?   ($1 = 6.5785 Chinese yuan renminbi) ",1
17253,"As China's leaders gather, market reform hopes fade","BEIJING (Reuters) - President Xi Jinping s rule in China has been marked by a muscular stance in many areas   from corruption to foreign policy - but investors and business leaders hoping that the nation s most powerful leader in decades will drive market reforms are girding for disappointment. As he gears up for his second term, hoped-for market liberalization is increasingly being viewed as secondary to Xi s state-centered approach to economic policy and his focus on stability.  The Communist Party Congress beginning on Wednesday in Beijing is expected to see Xi consolidate his power and is unlikely to see a change in his priorities. Party spokesman Tuo Zhen told reporters at a briefing on Tuesday that China will persist with opening up and expanding market access.  But foreign executives and analysts question whether these kinds of comments will mean a lot on the ground.  I don t see market opening coming. It s all about discipline and control,  said one senior China-based American executive, who declined to be identified. China s State Council Information Office referred questions on market reforms to the country s economic planning agency, the National Development and Reform Commission, which did not respond to a faxed request for comment. Some Chinese policy insiders said that they don t expect any significant speeding up.  We will not rush on reforms. The pace of changes will not change dramatically,  said one advisor to the Chinese government who was speaking on condition of anonymity. Xi s sweeping anti-corruption campaign and his move to personally take charge of economic policymaking had initially been seen by China analysts as early signs that he would use his consolidated power to push tough reforms through entrenched bureaucracies. The party s 2013 pledge under Xi s then-new administration to let the market play a decisive role in the economy had also given hope to those pushing for reform. But many analysts and business leaders now see Xi s faith in markets as tenuous, and that 2013 reform pledge as a mere  holdover from his predecessors. A lack of follow-through over the past several years on repeated State Council vows to open markets to the world have left foreign businesses with  promise fatigue , as the European Union Chamber of Commerce in China put it last month. Those delays coincide with the passage of a raft of new national security and cyber security laws and regulations that China s trading partners complain will put them at a disadvantage.  For the past 20 or 30 years it was economic development at all costs, and I think we are seeing a new paradigm now where national security is dominant and economic issues are channeled through that lens,  said Jude Blanchette, who studies the party at The Conference Board s China Center for Economics and Business in Beijing. Blanchette said true market reforms in Xi s second term would mean walking back much of the control he has fought to acquire, an unlikely prospect. Other painful reforms that many economists say are needed have also moved slowly under Xi. They include overhauling China s debt-laden state sector, fixing the fiscal system to tackle local government debt, bringing in new property taxes to ward off housing bubbles, and allowing farmers to sell their land more freely. Capital controls, including restrictions on some outbound investment deals, have helped stabilize the yuan, but at the cost of hampering China s ambition to internationalize the currency. Chinese reform advocates say the government has been avoiding potentially disruptive changes due to concerns over economic and social stability and resistance from vested interests, such as powerful state-run companies.  If there are no such reforms, the conflicts will keep accumulating while risks will be even higher, which could destroy our prospects to move forward,  said Jia Kang, director of the China Academy of New Supply-Side Economics, a Beijing-based think tank. In 2015, Xi espoused his own state-led  supply side structural reform  doctrine, an effort in part to tame an explosion of debt by cutting capacity in heavy industries, and reduce risk from bad bank loans. While Xi can tout continued robust economic growth - the government had set a 2017 GDP growth target of around 6.5 percent but it now looks like it will be closer to 7 percent - it is still reliant on credit and investment as opposed to more sustainable consumption. And expanded state control over the economy is at the center of key Xi initiatives, including the  Made in China 2025  plan, which funnels billions of dollars into robotics, semiconductors, and other industries deemed strategic. Despite government talk this year about opening some restricted sectors to overseas investment, some foreign business groups express scepticism, even as U.S. President Donald Trump is expected to seek some concessions for American businesses during his planned visit to Beijing in early November.  Until we see the equity cap lifted from 49 percent to 50 percent or higher with foreign banks, or until we see foreign insurance companies able to fully access the market, we re just having the same conversation we had five years ago,  said Jacob Parker, vice president of China operations at the U.S.-China Business Council. Xi has also reasserted that state-owned enterprises (SOEs) should be the commanding heights of the economy. Foreign experts on Chinese markets point to government efforts to merge state companies into even larger champions as proof of how the state s vision of reform does not necessarily mean increased use of free markets. In recent years, Beijing has required state firms to reassert their Communist Party committees  hold on corporate decision-making. A 2015 blueprint for SOE reform made no mention of the 2013 pledge for the decisive role of the market. One senior western diplomat in Beijing told Reuters it has become increasingly clear that the top priority for Xi remains strengthening the primacy of the party and stability.  When further opening up comes into conflict with that priority, the argument for stability tends to win,  the diplomat said. ",1
17254,"China's Xi set to codify legal clout, anti-graft campaign at congress","BEIJING (Reuters) - China s Communist Party once shunned the rule of law, preferring to rely on what Chairman Mao Zedong called  rule of man    essentially using the authority of party leaders to govern. In recent years, though, as China s economy modernizes, the party has increasingly been turning to the law to exert central authority over the bureaucracy and keep citizens under control, according to legal experts and diplomats. And under President Xi Jinping, that trend has been accelerating, they say. Emblematic of that drive is a move to enshrine in law Xi s signature anti-graft campaign, which has ensnared nearly 1.4 million party members in the past five years. The move, announced last year, will be finalised at the Communist Party Congress that opens Wednesday.   Don t underestimate the importance of writing these things down,  says Jessica Batke, who covered China for the U.S. State Department and now writes on China s leadership for the Hoover Institution. Legal reforms are part of efforts by the Communist Party under Xi to grant more freedoms to ordinary people, while drawing red lines and creating harsher punishments for those who cross them, Batke said. Human rights groups often criticize China for only paying lip service to the rule of law and say the Communist Party systematically ignores due process when prosecuting activists and dissidents. Courts are being pushed by the Communist Party to be more accessible and fair in the hope that law becomes an effective tool to resolve disputes and stabilize society. But the reforms also help the leadership enforce central control by codifying previously informal restrictions, or campaigns like the anti-corruption drive, legal experts say.  What Xi is trying to do is centralize power in order to exert that power over China s unruly bureaucracy,  said Carl Minzer, a Chinese law expert at Fordham Law School in New York. Under Xi, the legislature has issued a flurry of new laws governing issues like internet controls, espionage and even how to sing the Chinese national anthem. New rules and laws are also being used to punish people who oppose the party, according to Maya Wang, a Hong Kong-based researcher for Human Rights Watch. The justice ministry has taken a tougher line on lawyers taking on rights cases. Last year it ordered law firms to  support Party activities,  which activists say raises the risks of taking on sensitive cases for lawyers. This month, Zhu Shengwu became the first lawyer to be stripped of his license for online posts critical of the Communist Party under the new measures. His posts had mocked the anti-corruption campaign and said the party was lawlessly administering justice.  Under Xi Jinping s rule of law reform, political and executive power has been legalized so as to erode the possibility of resistance,  said Fu Hualing, an expert on Chinese law at the University of Hong Kong. Xi s anti-corruption campaign will be overseen by a new National Supervision Commission, which will be given legal authority with a law still being drafted. The new body will take over from the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection (CCDI) and merge multiple anti-graft units into a single body, according to an announcement from the CCDI last year. It will also expand the graft campaign s purview to include employees at state-backed institutions. The CCDI, justice ministry and the National People s Congress, China s legislature, did not respond to requests for comment. The extent of the commission s power is closely tied to the fate of Wang Qishan, who has overseen the anti-graft campaign and is expected to stay in a leadership role despite being past the customary retirement age of 68, sources have told Reuters. Wang s exact position is likely to be made clear at the congress. One scenario would see him usher in the next phase of the graft fight as head of the super-ministry. Wang has said that the new commission should be granted detention powers by law, raising concerns among rights activists that practices like the informal detention of suspects for questioning could be validated. Rights groups consider the practice illegal and say that suspects are often tortured. Details about the commission are expected to be announced next year at an annual meeting of the National People s Congress, according to diplomats and legal experts. ",1
17255,"Detention of Catalan activists a judicial, not political, matter: Spain justice minister","MADRID (Reuters) - The detention of Catalan activists on Monday, the first imprisonment of senior secessionist figures since the region s Oct. 1 banned referendum on independence, was a judicial, not a political, matter, Spain s justice minister said on Tuesday. On Monday, the court ordered that the heads of the pro-independence groups Catalan National Assembly (ANC) and Omnium be held without bail pending an investigation for alleged sedition.  These are not political prisoners because yesterday s prison ruling was due to a crime (that was committed),  Justice Minister Rafael Catala said at an event in Madrid. ",1
17256,EU Commission 'horrified' by killing of Maltese journalist,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Commission expressed its horror on Tuesday at the killing of a Maltese journalist in a car bombing and condemned it in strongest possible terms and called for those responsible to be brought to justice.  We are horrified by the fact that the well-known and respected journalist Mrs Daphne Caruana Galizia lost her life yesterday in what was seemingly a targeted attack,  Commission spokesman Margaritis Schinas told a news briefing. He said European Commission and its president, President Juncker, condemned the attack in the strongest terms possible.  The right of a journalist to investigate, ask uncomfortable questions and report effectively is at the heart of our values and needs to be guaranteed at all times. We trust now that justice will be brought even if this will not be enough to right this wrong,  Schinas said. ",1
17257,Philippine president declares Marawi liberated as battle goes on,"MANILA (Reuters) - Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte declared the southern city of Marawi liberated from pro-Islamic State militants on Tuesday, although the military said 20-30 rebels were holding about 20 hostages and still fighting it out.  In a rousing address to soldiers a day after the killing of two commanders of the rebel alliance, Duterte said he would never again allow militants to stockpile so many weapons, but Marawi was now free and it was time to heal wounds and rebuild.  I hereby declare Marawi City liberated from terrorist influence, that marks the beginning of rehabilitation,  Duterte, wearing a camouflage cap and dark sunglasses, said during his unannounced visit. Isnilon Hapilon, who was wanted by the United States and was Islamic State s Southeast Asian  emir , and Omarkhayam Maute, one of two brothers central to the alliance, were killed in a targeted operation on Monday. Their bodies were recovered and identified, authorities said.  The 148-day occupation marked the Roman Catholic-majority Philippines  biggest security crisis in years and triggered concerns that with its mountains, jungles and porous borders, the island of Mindanao could become a magnet for Islamic State fighters driven out of Iraq and Syria. More than 1,000 people, mostly rebels, were killed in the battle and the heart of the city of 200,000 has been leveled by air strikes. Duterte said the liberation was not a cause for celebration and later apologized to the people of Marawi for the destruction.  We had to do it,  he said.  There was no alternative.  Armed forces chief Eduardo Ano said the remaining gunmen were now a  law enforcement matter , while military spokesman Restituto Padilla described them as  stragglers .   There is no way that they can get out anymore, there is no way for anyone to get in,  Padilla told news channel ANC. Padilla said the military believed Malaysian operative Mahmud Ahmad was in Marawi, but it could not be certain. He said Mahmud was no threat.  Dr. Mahmud is an academic, he s not a fighter,  Padilla said.  We don t feel he is a problem.  But some security experts say otherwise and believe Mahmud, 39, a recruiter and fundraiser who trained at an al Qaeda camp in Afghanistan, could replace Hapilon as Islamic State s point-man in Southeast Asia. Another leader, Abdullah Maute, has yet to be accounted for. Intelligence indicated he died in an August air strike, though no body was found. Defence officials say the core leadership was key to recruiting young fighters and arranging for extremists from Indonesia, Malaysia, Singapore and beyond to join the push to carve out an East Asian  Wilaya , or Islamic State province. Hapilon had teamed up with the moneyed Maute clan in their stronghold of Lanao del Sur, one of the Philippines  poorest provinces, and brought with him fighters from his radical faction of Abu Sayyaf, a group better known for banditry. Defence Secretary Delfin Lorenzana, who estimated Marawi operations to have cost 5 billion pesos ($97.5 million), said reconstruction could start in January.  There are still stragglers and the structures are still unsafe because of unexploded ordnance and improvised explosive devices,  he said on radio. The Marawi occupation set alarm bells ringing in the Philippines, with militants surprising security forces with their combat prowess, the volume of arms and ammunition they stockpiled and their ability to withstand intensive air strikes aided by U.S. surveillance drones and technical support. ($1 = 51 pesos) ",1
17258,UK hate crimes surge on Brexit and militant attacks,"LONDON (Reuters) - Hate crimes in Britain surged by the highest amount on record last year, official figures showed on Tuesday, with the vote to leave the European Union a significant factor. The Home Office (interior ministry) said there were 80,393 offences in 2016/17, a rise of 29 percent from the year before and the largest percentage increase since the figures were first collated five years ago. While better recording by police was one reason, last June s vote for Brexit which sparked attacks on some eastern European communities, was another significant reason.  Part of the increase since 2015/16 is due to a genuine increase in hate crime, particularly around the time of the EU referendum,  the Home Office report said. The report also noted that race hate crimes, which made up the vast bulk of all hate crimes, had increased after a man drove a car into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge in London killing four people before stabbing a policeman to death outside parliament.  The Westminster Bridge attack occurred on the 22 March 2017. Although there were only nine days remaining in March when the attack took place, an increase is still apparent,  the report said. In August, police said hate crimes had spiked in the aftermath of three attacks this year blamed on Islamist militants but that the number had decreased quickly in the following days. ",1
17259,Islamic State cleared from Syria's Raqqa: monitor,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - U.S.-backed militias have completely taken Syria s Raqqa from Islamic State, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said on Tuesday.  The Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), an alliance of Kurdish and Arab militias backed by a U.S.-led international alliance, has been fighting Islamic State inside Raqqa since June.  ",1
17260,Inspection battle threatens Egypt's wheat supply,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Wheat shipments to Egypt, the world s largest buyer, are being disrupted by a dispute involving government inspectors angered by a ban on the expenses-paid foreign trips they once enjoyed to approve cargoes at their ports of origin. Those trips, funded by exporters, have been canceled as part of Egypt s efforts to streamline imports worth more than $1 billion a year. Traders say the new system has backfired as inspectors are now rejecting cargoes at Egyptian ports on arbitrary and unpredictable grounds. There is more to the problem than erratic policies and red tape, according to interviews with grains traders, agriculture quarantine inspectors, government officials, and a review of inspection documents.  According to these sources, difficulties for importers are rather the result of a tug-of-war over the right to inspect cargoes abroad, where until recently government quarantine inspectors enjoyed fully-funded trips, dinners and shopping at the expense of supply companies looking to secure safe passage for their wheat. By applying higher standards to grains upon arrival, inspectors are driving up costs in a bid to undermine inspection companies that replaced them abroad, traders said. Six inspectors who Reuters spoke to denied they are trying to get their foreign trips reinstated and said they are simply upholding quality standards.  Suppliers say uncertainty is prompting them to add premiums of up to $500,000 per cargo to hedge against risks. With Egypt expecting to buy around 7 million tonnes of wheat in the fiscal year that began in July, these premiums add millions of dollars to the government s food subsidy bill. The bread supply chain has ground to a halt on several occasions as traders have boycotted tenders. Subsidized bread is a staple for millions of poor Egyptians and the country s leaders are always keen to keep supplies flowing for fear of unrest. Wheat traders say the only way out of the problem is for the government bodies involved to sit down and thrash out standards all sides can agree on.  Getting cargoes passed under the old system often came down to keeping government inspectors comfortable, traders said. When a $6 million wheat cargo at a port in Ukraine suddenly stopped loading two years ago, its agent found Egyptian inspectors had halted the process because their hotel would not give them a late breakfast, traders said. The delay cost the supply company $8,000 in port fees.  As soon as we arranged for the hotel to give them a later breakfast, everything went smoothly and the shipment was passed. It wasn t a wheat problem. It was a breakfast problem,  said a Cairo-based trader responsible for the cargo who asked to remain anonymous. Six other traders described the system in similar terms, saying shopping for electronics and clothes, expensive dinners, and hotel room upgrades were the cost of keeping their grains moving out of ports from Odessa to Dunkirk. One trader said the money paid to inspectors could equal their annual salary.  You re talking about four to five people, and you have to take care of them from A to Z, meaning you are taking them shopping and you are paying,  said Med Star for Trading President Hesham Soliman.     Soliman said the delegations grew more expensive.  They began needing more pocket money, the hotels have to be certain hotels, the tickets, the visa,  he said. Traders said they would spend about $30,000 on the inspectors, which also typically included a $3,500 pocket money payment per person, according to invoices seen by Reuters. Agricultural quarantine inspectors who Reuters spoke to on condition of anonymity have quoted the same figures for the trips but say the old system was still cheaper for Egypt.   I can t deny that I benefited, but the country benefited more. Look how much they re spending now,  one inspector said, referring to the high risk premiums traders now put on cargoes offered to Egypt. Traders say the system was a relatively cheap way to win approval for their wheat abroad, which protected a cargo from  being rejected at Egyptian ports, something that could mean big losses, or even bankruptcy for smaller firms.  If they re making it sound like we were spending too much, you have the figures, compare the numbers. They re spending a lot more now on the inspections,  the inspector said.  The old arrangement unraveled in late 2015, when a French wheat cargo was rejected in Egypt for containing traces of the common grain fungus ergot despite being approved by government inspectors abroad. As other shipments were rejected and import rules appeared to be tightening, some traders said they no longer found the traveling inspectors a bet worth taking.  We got to a point where we couldn t deal with this. You have a fixed cost and you still have no guarantee that the shipment will enter the country,  said Soliman. A group of traders, including Soliman, persuaded the government to ban traveling delegations, which Egypt did in a prime ministerial decree in late 2016 that handed inspections abroad to private companies and made the agriculture quarantine inspectors subject to the oversight of a trade ministry authority. In an interview at the offices of the General Organization for Export and Import Control (GOEIC), Ismail Gaber, who heads the agency that now has the final word on wheat inspections, told Reuters the travel regime had raised suspicions of corruption that he would rather keep civil servants away from.   There is of course the issue of corruption, I want to take my employee away from this suspicion. I don t want the supplier and the employee to have the same self-interest,  he said.   If he takes someone with him abroad, the supplier says  I ve already taken him with me ... you gave me a government employee and you inspected there so you can t find a problem with it here (in Egypt) after all of this ,  Gaber said. But having lost their travel benefits, the inspectors are making their presence felt. Since January, when the new inspection regime came online, inspectors in Egypt have subjected nearly all shipments to costly processes before being approved at Egyptian ports, which add tens of thousands of dollars in costs. In June, a group of inspectors won a court case that argued that the new system illegally granted their mandate to GOEIC, which the inspectors said was ill-equipped to protect the country from harmful grain contaminants. The government has appealed and ignored a court order to restore the old inspection regime, including traveling delegations. The inspectors, who are still checking cargoes under the new inspection regime, say they are just trying to stop bad wheat getting into Egypt and deny they are trying to get their overseas trips back.  One inspector said checks were now tougher at Egyptian ports because importers were sending poor-quality grains.  Traders however said two big state grain purchases halted for containing poppy seeds demonstrated that inspectors were seeking new ways to show that inspection companies abroad are not up to the task. As a result, traders hiked prices or stayed away from a recent state tender. The only way out of the impasse, traders say, is for  government agencies to agree on consistent rules.  Without that, we are just waiting for the next victim,  said one.  (For graphic click: here) ",1
17261,U.S.-backed Syrian militias raise flag in Raqqa stadium,"RAQQA, Syria (Reuters) - U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) raised a militia flag inside Raqqa stadium on Tuesday, one of the last remaining areas that were held by Islamic State in its former capital, a Reuters witness said. The flag of the Kurdish YPG, the strongest of the militias in the SDF, was planted in the middle of the stadium, where fighting had ended, but which had not been fully cleared of landmines, militia fighters told the witness.  ",1
17262,Labour leader and other UK lawmakers could lose seats in cost cutting plan,"LONDON (Reuters) - The leader of Britain s main opposition Labour Party, Jeremy Corbyn, and other politicians could lose their seats if proposals to  cut the cost of politics  go ahead, a report suggested on Tuesday. Under former prime minister David Cameron, the governing Conservative Party pledged to reduce the number of lawmakers from 650 to 600 to make cost savings after criticism of expense claims made by those working in parliament. The independent boundary commission has made proposals to make sure most electoral districts in England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland are roughly equal in the number of voters, meaning certain seats, like Corbyn s, are set to be abolished. But it is not clear whether parliament will back the plan, which is not due to take effect until 2022.  Since losing the Conservatives  parliamentary majority at an election in June, Prime Minister Theresa May is dependent on the support of a small Northern Irish party, the Democratic Unionist Party, which has opposed any changes in earlier votes. Labour has also said it would vote against the measures, accusing the Conservatives of using the review to pursue  their own political advantage .  The Daily Telegraph newspaper said if the changes had been in place before the June election, May s Conservatives would have won a majority. ",1
17263,Iraqi forces take control of all oil fields operated by state-owned North Oil in Kirkuk,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqi forces completed an operation to take control of all oil fields operated by state-owned North Oil Company in the Kirkuk region on Tuesday, a senior military officer said. Iraqi forces took control of the Bai Hasan and Avana oil fields northwest of Kirkuk on Tuesday, after seizing the Baba Gurgur, Jambur and Khabbaz fields on Monday, he said. Oil officials in Baghdad said all the fields were operating normally. The fields were previously held by Kurdish security forces known as Peshmerga, but they pulled out of the area in the face of an advance by forces of the Iraqi central government. Tuesday s deployment of Iraqi government forces in Dibis, where Bai Hasan and Avana are located, is part of an operation ordered by Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi to take control of Kurdish-held areas outside the three provinces that form Iraq s autonomous Kurdish region. ",1
17264,"Kurdish forces pullout from Khanaqin area on Iraq-Iran border, security sources say","BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Kurdish Peshmerga forces pulled out from the area of Khanaqin, on the border with Iran as Iraqi forces prepared to take over their positions, security sources said. The region is home to a large Kurdish community and the site of a small oil field, Khana. Responding to a Kurdish referendum on independence held last month, Iraqi government forces on Monday captured the Kurdish-held oil city of Kirkuk, transforming the country s balance of power. ",1
17265,New Jakarta governor faces backlash for racially tinged speech,"JAKARTA (Reuters) - The new governor of Indonesia s capital faced a barrage of criticism on Tuesday for remarks in his inauguration speech that some residents and politicians warned could stoke ethnic and religious tension in the Southeast Asian country. Anies Baswedan, a former education minister, said in a speech only hours after he was sworn in on Monday that  pribumi  (native or indigenous Indonesians) should take back control of the country from  colonial  influences.  His comments came as tolerance in the Muslim-majority country has been under scrutiny since bitterly fought city elections this year during which Islamist-led rallies targeted the former governor, an ethnic Chinese Christian, in a controversial blasphemy case.   We  pribumi  people were oppressed and defeated. Now, after independence, it is time for us to be masters in our own country,  Baswedan said in a speech to supporters outside the Jakarta City Hall late on Monday.     The word  pribumi , which excludes ethnic groups like Chinese Indonesians or Indian Indonesians who have lived in the country for generations, was the top trending topic on Twitter in Indonesia on Tuesday.  You are of Arab descent yourself sir! So who do you mean when you say  it s time for pribumi to be masters of the country ?  user @denradityaa tweeted.  Baswedan is a descendant of the Hadrami tribe of Yemen and comes from a family of respected moderate Islamic scholars. Some took Baswedan s words to single out Chinese Indonesians - a minority that has faced long-running resentment for their control of trade and wealth in Indonesia.  There were also some supporters.  Why are people making a racket about pribumi? If you re born, raised and have Indonesian Id, you re a pribumi. Those who are mad with (the word) pribumi are not Indonesians,       @febrin_navarro wrote.  A spokesman for the governor did not immediately reply to a request for comment, but Baswedan was quoted by media as saying the comments referred to the colonial era.  The point is that (the word) was used to explain the Dutch colonial era,  he was quoted as saying. Baswedan and his deputy, Sandiaga Uno, won April s governor election on the back of support from hardline Islamists who have pushed, among other things, vitriolic anti-Chinese rhetoric.  A prominent Islamist leader, Bachtiar Nasir, who backed Baswedan s campaign, said the wealth of Chinese Indonesians was a problem and advocated an affirmative action program for native people.  Neighboring Malaysia runs a controversial affirmative action policy under which ethnic Malays and other indigenous populations enjoy entitlements such as quotas in universities and companies and cheaper property rates.    Indonesia s 250 million people are predominantly Muslim, but it has sizeable Christian, Hindu and Buddhist minorities and hundreds of ethnic groups.      Baswedan is ripping the national fabric...with the use of the word  pribumi ,  said Rian Ernest, an ethnic Chinese politician with the Solidarity Party of Indonesia.  We strongly condemn Baswedan s statement, which does not reflect the spirit of leadership or  unity in diversity ,  he added, referring to Indonesia s national motto. ",1
17266,Japanese PM Abe sends ritual offering to Yasukuni shrine for war dead,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe sent a ritual offering to the Yasukuni Shrine for war dead, seen in China and the two Koreas as a symbol of Japan s past militarism, to mark its annual autumn festival, the shrine said on Tuesday. Abe was expected to refrain from visiting the shrine during the festival, which will last until Friday, the Nikkei business daily and Kyodo news agency reported. He is scheduled to visit northern Japan, Akita prefecture and Yamagata prefecture, for an election campaign stump on Tuesday, Kyodo news said. His ruling coalition is on track for a big win in Sunday s general election - even though almost half the country s voters don t want him to keep his job, a media survey showed on Monday. Abe s snap election comes amid heightened global tension following North Korea s nuclear tests and missile launches, which prompted the U.N. Security Council to impose fresh sanctions. Health Minister Katsunobu Kato also sent an ritual offering to the shrine, a spokesperson for the shrine said. Past visits to Yasukuni by Japanese leaders have outraged Beijing and Seoul because it honors 14 Japanese leaders convicted by an Allied tribunal as war criminals, along with Japan s war dead. China s position on the shrine was clear, Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang told reporters in Beijing.  We urge the Japanese side to earnestly, squarely and deeply reflect on their history of aggression, appropriately handle the relevant issue and take actual steps to win the trust of their Asian neighbors and the international community,  Lu said. Abe has only visited the shrine in person once, in December 2013, since becoming premier the previous year.  Rather than attend in person, Abe sends a ritual offering on several occasions in an effort to improve ties with China and South Korea, which have been strained by territorial and other disputes. Japan, China and South Korea are trying to hold a summit meeting this year, the Nikkei business said. ",1
17267,U.S.-backed militia to capture last Raqqa areas in hours: spokesman,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - The spokesman for the U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) in Syria s Raqqa said on Tuesday the alliance will capture the last parts of the city held by Islamic State in the coming hours.  The spokesman, Talal Selo, said by telephone that there was still fighting around the National Hospital, which the SDF said earlier it had taken, and around the city stadium.  ",1
17268,Three arrested in Malaysia for suspected beer festival bomb plot,"KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - Malaysian police arrested three people, including a teenager, suspected of planning to detonate a bomb at an annual beer festival in the capital, the police chief said on Tuesday.   The two-day  Better Beer Festival  was canceled last month following objections from an Islamist party, which said the event could lead to rape and other crime and free sex. A construction contractor, a former soldier and a 19-year-old student with links to the Islamic State militant group were arrested in the northern state of Kelantan last Tuesday on suspicion of planning the attack, Inspector-General of Police Mohamad Fuzi Harun told reporters.  The suspects had plans to attack the beer festival, houses of worship and entertainment outlets in Kuala Lumpur and surrounding areas,  he said.  The former soldier, 34, had provided funds to the student that were used to produce and test improvised explosive devices (IEDs) for use in the attacks, Mohamad Fuzi said.  Police had seized materials used for making three IEDs with an estimated blast radius of 30 meters, he said.   It s a big area,  he said.  It would have caused a lot of deaths if set off at the beer festival.  The contractor, a 25-year-old man, was suspected to be linked to a militant cell that had carried out a grenade attack on a bar on the outskirts of the capital last year, Mohamad Fuzi said. The attack on the Movida bar, which wounded eight people, was ordered by a Syrian-based Malaysian militant and is considered to be the first successful attack by the Islamic State in the country. Police were still investigating whether the three suspects had received orders from other parties.  Around 6,000 people had been expected to attend the  Better Beer Festival , showcasing craft beers from at least 11 countries, according to the event s organizers. Protests against events considered  Western  and unIslamic are common in Muslim-majority Malaysia and are usually led by the opposition Pan-Malaysian Islamic Party (PAS) and conservative Islamist NGOs. Since January, Malaysia has detained 78 people with suspected links to Islamic State in its crackdown on militancy, Mohamad Fuzi said.  Five Malaysians are believed to have joined up with Islamic State-linked groups in the southern Philippines, while 53 others have joined the group in Syria, he added.  ",1
17269,'Vanishing village' looks to Japan's LDP for survival,"NANMOKU, Japan (Reuters) - Chikara Imai, 73, is quick to dismiss the new parties in Sunday s national election in Japan, saying old ties with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe s Liberal Democratic Party is what the country s most elderly village needs for survival.  Nanmoku, 107 km (67 miles) northwest of Tokyo, is at the forefront of Japan s battle against an aging and shrinking population. Its population has halved over the past 20 years to 1,963, and with a median age of 70.6, Nanmoku is now Japan s oldest municipality.  Nanmoku and places like it across Japan are a key support base for the LDP, which has been in power for most of the past six decades.  Rural Japan is no Tokyo. Those people may say something ideal in Tokyo, something like  Let s change Japan . But here, it won t strike home,  Imai said.  Sunday s lower house election pits Abe s LDP-led coalition against two brand new parties: the Party of Hope headed by popular Tokyo Governor Yuriko Koike; and the center-left Constitutional Democratic Party of Japan, which emerged from a breakup of the traditional opposition Democratic Party. But Koike s  reformist, conservative  challenge doesn t resonate much in Nanmoku. Most municipalities are shrinking in Japan, so far the only important developed country with a declining population. They look to Tokyo for a lifeline.   For back country dwellers, strong ties with the central government come in handy when we need to ask for help in such times as a natural disaster. This village has no option but to support them,  the 73-year-old Imai said. Gunma prefecture, where Nanmoku is located, has long been an LDP stronghold and has produced four prime ministers, including Keizo Obuchi, premier from 1998-2000.   On Sunday, the Nanmoku municipality will provide transportation to elderly villagers who would otherwise have difficulty getting to the polls. Mountains account for 90 percent of Nanmoku s total land area, leaving little space for farming and housing. Some of the houses, built along a river running through the village, look abandoned. Few customers come by the several general shops that remain open.     The village s sole remaining elementary school has just 24 students this year, down from a high of 1,632 in 1959, when Nanmoku operated three grade schools.      Farms that used to grow devil s tongue, a starchy potato-like plant, have yielded to large-scale operations in other municipalities blessed with ample farm land.  Until this day, we have not found a substitute (industry),  Nanmoku Mayor Saijo Hasegawa told Reuters. With independent revenue sources covering less than 20 percent of the village s budget, Hasegawa sees a continuity in government support for Nanmoku as essential, and is wary of a change in government.    There s no such thing as one-year plan to fight population decline. It takes 20, 30 years for any measures to take effect,  Hasegawa said.  In a change of government, politicians tend to deny everything about the former government, which is scary.  Japan s demographic challenge is one of the biggest facing the new government after Sunday s elections. People aged 65 or older account for 27.2 percent of the total population, the highest on record, while the population is forecast to fall by nearly a third by 2065 when almost 40 percent will be 65 or older. Japan s government has earmarked a record 32.5 trillion yen ($289.76 billion) this fiscal year to pay for social security services, the bulk of which is spent on the elderly. Social security outlays account for roughly a third of this year s national budget. RECRUITING CITY-DWELLERS As part of a drive to tackle Japan s demographic time-bomb,  the government in 2009 started a program to financially help local municipalities recruit urbanites to work in agriculture and other sectors for eventual settlement. Yohka Tanaka, who grew up in Tokyo and went to college in the United States, moved to Nanmoku two years ago through the program. He is now working on natural farming, which uses no pesticides or fertilisers.   Tanaka, 26, aims to prove the viability of such farming so environmentally-conscious young people will follow in his foot steps.     This place is perfect for natural farming ... As long as I stick around, the village won t disappear.     For Shigeyuki Kaneta, a comparatively young resident at 46 who owns a confectionary shop, escalating tensions over North Korea does raise that distinct possibility. North Korea has launched two ballistic missiles that flew over Japan in recent months.   It s a dangerous world,  said Kaneta, who believes the LDP is better equipped to handle security matters.  Strange objects are flying around. If they fell (on Japanese soil), we wouldn t (just) be discussing population decline.   ",1
17270,Israel approves building plans for 31 settler homes in West Bank's Hebron,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel on Monday approved building plans for 31 settler homes in Hebron in the West Bank, a spokeswoman said, a first such move in the Israeli-occupied area for some 15 years. Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has felt increased pressure for settlement expansion from the rightist flank of his coalition, though construction is not imminent as a bureaucratic process must still run its course. His government has made numerous announcements of settlement building recently, angering Palestinians seeking a state on land Israel captured in a 1967 war but no longer eliciting serious U.S. criticism with President Donald Trump in the White House. Still, settlement advocates say that despite a string of announcements for construction of thousands of settler homes in the West Bank, only a fraction might be built eventually. Hebron is the largest Palestinian city in the occupied West Bank with a population of some 216,000. About 1,000 Israeli settlers live in the heart of the city, which for decades has been a focus of religious friction between Muslims and Jews. Israeli anti-settlement watchdog Peace Now detailed the project s plans in an area of Hebron where the settlers live and its web site showed a graphic of what the prospective four-storey, stone-clad apartment block would look like. It said that the last time settler homes were built in this area was in 2002. Hadar Horen, a spokeswoman for the Israeli body that runs civilian affairs in the West Bank, could not confirm the details issued by Peace Now and said the planning committee decision would be published later. ",1
17271,Iraqi forces seize oil city Kirkuk from Kurds in bold advance,"BAGHDAD/KIRKUK, Iraq (Reuters) - Iraqi government forces captured the major Kurdish-held oil city of Kirkuk on Monday, responding to a Kurdish referendum on independence with a bold lightning strike that transforms the balance of power in the country. A convoy of armored vehicles from Iraq s elite U.S.-trained Counter-Terrorism Force seized Kirkuk s provincial government headquarters on Monday afternoon, less than a day after the operation began, a Reuters reporter in Kirkuk said. Neither side gave a casualty toll for the operation. But an aid group working in Kirkuk said several Kurdish Peshmerga fighters and Iraqi soldiers had been killed in an overnight clash south of the city - the only serious fighting reported.  As Iraqi forces advanced, Kurdish operators briefly shut some 350,000 barrels per day of oil output at two large Kirkuk fields, citing security concerns, oil ministry sources on both sides said. But production resumed shortly thereafter following an Iraqi threat to seize fields under Kurdish management if they did not do so, according to the sources. It was not immediately clear whether or when the Iraqi government would seek to retake control of all Kirkuk oilfields, a vital source of revenue for the autonomous Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG). The short suspension in production helped push up world oil prices as the shutdown represented more than half of total Kurdish output.[O/R] A dozen Iraqi armored vehicles arrived at the provincial government headquarters in Kirkuk and took up positions nearby, alongside local police. They pulled down the Kurdish flag and left the Iraqi flag flying. Thousands of Kurdish civilians fled the city of 1 million people for fear of reprisals. A Kurdish father of four who was driving out of Kirkuk towards the Kurdish regional capital Erbil to the north said:  We no longer feel safe. We hope to return to our home but right now we feel it s dangerous for us to stay.  Crowds of ethnic Turkmen who opposed Kurdish control of the city were celebrating. Some drove in convoys with Iraqi flags and fired shots in the air.  This day should become a holiday, we re so happy to have gotten rid of Barzani s party,  said a man celebrating on a motorbike, waving the blue-and-white flag of Iraq s Turkmen, referring to the Kurdish leader Masoud Barzani. U.S. President Donald Trump told reporters at the White House that Washington would not take sides in the matter but  we don t like the fact that they re clashing.  We ve had for many years a very good relationship with the Kurds as you know and we ve also been on the side of Iraq, even though we should have never been there in the first place.  U.S. officials called for calm on both sides, seeking to avert an all-out conflict between Baghdad and the Kurds that would open an entirely new front in Iraq s 14-year-old civil war and potentially draw in regional powers such as Turkey and Iran. The Baghdad central government considers the Sept. 25 Kurdish independence referendum illegal, especially as it was held not just in the autonomous KRG region but in Kirkuk and other adjacent areas that Peshmerga forces occupied after driving out Islamic State militants in 2014. The Peshmerga moved in after Iraqi government forces collapsed in the face of a rapid onslaught by Islamic State, preventing the jihadists from seizing the oilfields. Iraqi Prime Minister Haidar al-Abadi ordered that the national flag be hoisted over Kirkuk and other disputed areas. Baghdad described its army s advance as largely unopposed, and urged the Peshmerga to cooperate in keeping the peace. The Peshmerga said Baghdad would be made to pay  a heavy price  for triggering  war on the Kurdistan people . The overnight advance was the most decisive step Baghdad has taken yet to block the independence bid of the Kurds, who have governed an autonomous tract of northern Iraq since the fall of Saddam Hussein in 2003 and voted three weeks ago to secede. Kirkuk, one of the most ethnically and religiously diverse cities in Iraq, is located just outside the autonomous Kurdish zone. Kurds consider it the heart of their homeland; they say it was cleansed of Kurds and settled with Arabs under Saddam to secure control of the oil that was the source of Iraq s wealth. Washington, which arms and trains both Iraqi federal forces and the Peshmerga to fight Islamic State militants, urged  all parties to immediately cease military action and restore calm , according to a U.S. Embassy statement.  ISIS (Islamic State) remains the true enemy of Iraq, and we urge all parties to remain focused on finishing the liberation of their country from this menace.  U.S. Defense Department spokesman Colonel Robert Manning declined to speculate on whether Washington might cut off military aid and training to Iraqi forces in the event of a major conflict.  I m not going to speculate on that but I will tell you that we re looking at all options for planning considerations ... We encourage dialogue,  he said. State TV said Iraqi forces had also entered Tuz Khurmato, a flashpoint town where there had been clashes between Kurds and mainly Shi ite Muslims of Turkmen ethnicity. The  government of Abadi bears the main responsibility for triggering war on the Kurdistan people, and will be made to pay a heavy price , the Peshmerga command said in a statement, cited by Kurdish leader Barzani s assistant Hemin Hawrami.   The Kurdish secession bid was strongly opposed by neighbors Iran and Turkey. Washington, allied with the Kurds for decades,  pleaded vainly for them to halt a vote that could break up Iraq. There were signs of internal strife among the Kurds, who have been divided for decades into two main factions, the KDP of regional government leader Barzani and the PUK of his longtime rival Jalal Talabani, who served as Iraq s ceremonial president in Baghdad from 2003-2014 and died two weeks ago. Both Kurdish parties control their own Peshmerga units. While Barzani s KDP strongly supported the independence referendum, some PUK figures were more circumspect. Monday s Peshmerga statement accused a group within the PUK of  treason  for allegedly assisting Baghdad s advance.  We regret that some PUK officials helped in this plot,  it said. Talabani s widow, Hero, said the Iraqi operation was carried out with international consent and the PUK was not able to prevent it through talks.  This heroic city was facing an international plan,  she said in a statement.   The past few days have been spent in meetings with American representatives, representatives of the Iraqi government and ... of various other countries in order to prevent today s attack.  It is with great regret that we were not successful on this occasion.    Although Iraqi officials portrayed the Kurds as retreating without a fight, Kurdish officials said Peshmerga had clashed with the  Popular Mobilisation  - Shi ite Muslim forces trained and armed by Iran that operate alongside regular Iraqi troops. Turkey, which had developed a good working relationship with the Iraqi Kurds and let the landlocked region export oil through its pipes, has swung behind Baghdad, furious at a secession move that might ignite similar demands from its own Kurds. Turkey said on Monday it would close its air space to KRG territory and work to hand control of the main border crossing into the region to the Iraqi central government. ",1
17272,U.S. takes aim at Yemeni Islamic State for first time,"DUBAI (Reuters) - The United States said it launched its first attack on Islamic State s deadly Yemen branch on Monday with a series of nighttime airstrikes that residents said targeted two villages and killed several people. Unmanned U.S. drones launched around 12 missiles at militant positions in Yakla and al-Abl in southern al-Bayda province, according to local people living nearby, who declined to be named due to safety concerns. They said the number of casualties caused by the attack was not immediately clear because locals were too afraid to approach the site as U.S. aircraft hovered over the area for hours. The Pentagon said in a statement that U.S. forces had killed dozens of Islamic State members in a strike on two camps where fighters trained in using machine guns and grenade launchers. Residents disputed that account, saying the fighters targeted actually hailed from a powerful al Qaeda affiliate who deployed in the area to fight Iran-aligned Houthi militiamen as part of Yemen s civil war, which began in 2015. The complex conflict pits a kaleidoscope of tribes, military units and political factions against each other in chaotic rivalries that have allowed hardline Sunni Muslim militant groups like al Qaeda and Islamic State to thrive. The United States provides arms and logistical support to a Saudi-led military coalition that has launched almost daily air strikes against the Houthis to try to restore Yemen s internationally recognized government. Al Qaeda in Yemen, one of the fiercest branches of the global network, has plotted to down U.S. airliners and claimed responsibility for the 2015 attacks on the office of Charlie Hebdo magazine in Paris. It has been targeted by U.S. air strikes for a decade. Islamic State, which only launched its first bombing in Yemen as it careered toward civil war in March 2015, has claimed responsibility for a series of spectacular attacks on military and civilian targets which have killed hundreds of people. (reut.rs/2ghdNRx) Yakla, one of the sites targeted in the strike, was the site of a U.S. raid in January targeting suspected al Qaeda militants which local medics said killed 30 people including 10 women and children, and also left a Navy SEAL dead. ",1
17273,Italy's Berlusconi says center-right agrees pact on next PM candidate,"ROME (Reuters) - Former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi said on Tuesday he and the leader of the Northern League had agreed a pact to choose the candidate to head an eventual center-right governing coalition, a newspaper reported. Italy is expected to hold a national election by March that polls suggest the center-right would win, though it would be unlikely to obtain a working majority of seats in parliament. Berlusconi was banned from running for office in 2013 due to a tax fraud conviction, but is hoping the European Court of Human Rights will overturn this when it reviews his case in November. He told the Corriere della Sera newspaper in an interview  that he and Matteo Salvini agreed that  whichever party of the center-right gets more votes  would propose a prime minister for the center-right. According to a poll released by the EMG Aqua agency on Monday, the Northern League is running at 14.8 percent, Berlusconi s Forza Italia (Go Italy!) at 12.2 percent and the third center-right party, Brothers of Italy, at 5.0 percent. That makes the trio largest single bloc with about 32 percent. Berlusconi told the newspaper he was convinced Forza Italia would get the most votes. He did not say who the party s candidate would be if he could not run.    According to the same poll, the governing center-left Democratic Party (PD) has about 27 percent and the anti-establishment 5-Star Movement about 28 percent. ",1
17274,London art auction raises $2.5 million for survivors of deadly Grenfell Tower blaze,"LONDON (Reuters) - An auction of 31 artworks donated by some of Britain s most successful contemporary artists has raised close to 2 million pounds for survivors of the Grenfell Tower fire that killed about 80 people in June. Home to a close-knit, multi-ethnic community, the 24-storey social housing block was reduced to a charred ruin by the inferno that engulfed it in the middle of the night. Many survivors have yet to be rehoused and are still living in hotels. The charity auction, held at autioneer Sotheby s late on Monday, included works by A-list artists including Wolfgang Tillmans, Antony Gormley, Tracey Emin, Sarah Lucas, Mark Wallinger and Rachel Whiteread. The idea came from film producer and art collector Hamish McAlpine and art consultant Katie Heller, who said the emotional impact of the Grenfell tragedy was such that almost all the artists they approached agreed to donate works immediately.  Grenfell touched their souls,  McAlpine told Reuters at Sotheby s before the auction.  It s a very emotive subject for people in London.  The proceeds, which totaled more than 1.925 million pounds  ($2.55 million), will be divided equally among 158 surviving families. They will receive the funds before Christmas. Every single one of the lots on offer sold, making the auction a  White Glove  sale in auctioneers  parlance, Sotheby s said. The amount raised was double the pre-auction estimate. The most expensive lot was  Freischwimmer 193 , a very large green print by the London-based German artist Wolfgang Tillmans, which sold for 392,750 pounds. Next came  Small Charge , a cast iron sculpture by Antony Gormley, which was snapped up for 344,750 pounds. Two of the artworks were especially created for the auction. Tacita Dean s  Lay the Dust With Tears , a gray and black charcoal-on-paper image reminiscent of billowing smoke, sold for 22,500 pounds, while Idris Khan s  I Remember , also a somber image in dark tones made with oil, charcoal and chalk on paper, went for 43,750 pounds. ",1
17275,U.S.-backed militias say they take major Raqqa position from ISIS,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - The U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) has taken the National Hospital in Raqqa, one of Islamic State s last remaining bastions in its former Syrian capital, a militia spokesman said on Tuesday.  The SDF, an alliance of Kurdish and Arab militias, is now fighting Islamic State in the area around Raqqa stadium, said the spokesman Mostafa Bali in a message.   During these clashes, the National Hospital was liberated and cleared from the Daesh mercenaries, and 22 of these foreign mercenaries were killed there,  said Bali.  The stadium is the last major position held by Islamic State after four months of battle in Raqqa and the departure of some of its fighters under a deal on Sunday, leaving only foreign jihadists.  Islamic State has lost swathes of its territory in Syria and Iraq this year, including its most prized possession Mosul, and in Syria it has been forced back into a strip of the Euphrates valley and surrounding areas of desert.  The SDF has been supported by a U.S.-led international coalition with air strikes and special forces operating on the ground since it started the fight for Raqqa in early June.  ",1
17276,"Russian, Iranian diplomats to discuss Iran nuclear deal this week: Ifax","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov will meet Iranian Deputy Foreign Minister Abbas Araqchi in Moscow this week to discuss the situation around the Iran nuclear deal, the Interfax news agency quoted the Russian as saying on Tuesday.  Certainly, the focus is on the situation around the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action in the light of (U.S. President Donald) Trump s statement about his intentions ... and signals that the USA is inclined to supplement this document, to alter it or modify in a direction that suits Washington,  Ryabkov was quoted as saying. ",1
17277,Iraqi-backed Yazidi group takes over Sinjar after Kurdish pullout: residents,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - An Iraqi Yazidi group affiliated with a Shi ite-led armed faction took control on Tuesday of Sinjar, said residents of the northwestern city that is claimed by both Kurdish and central Iraqi authorities. The Yazidi group, called Lalesh, extended control over all of Sinjar after the withdrawal late on Monday of Kurdish Peshmerga fighters who were deployed there, the residents said.  There was no violence, the Lalesh group moved after the Peshmerga pulled out,  said a resident by phone. Responding to a Kurdish referendum on independence held last month, Iraqi government forces on Monday captured the Kurdish-held oil city of Kirkuk, transforming the country s balance of power. That was part of lightning strike ordered by Minister Haider al-Abadi to retake all disputed areas, including Sinjar, occupied by the Kurdistan Regional Government s Peshmerga force in the course of the war on Islamic State. Lalesh is affiliated with Popular Mobilisation, an armed group formed mainly of Iran-trained Shi ite paramilitaries, with the participation of smaller forces from other communities including Sunnis, Christians and Yazidis. It is officially under Abadi s authority. ",1
17278,"Philippine rebels, hostages remain in Marawi, fight continues: army","MANILA (Reuters) - About 30 Islamist rebels holding an estimated 20 hostages remain in Marawi City and military operations continue, an army spokesman said on Tuesday, despite President Rodrigo Duterte s earlier declaration that the southern city had been liberated.  The declaration of the president hopefully gives way for the entry and start of rehabilitation, reconstruction and rebuilding of Marawi from the ashes,  military spokesman Restituto Padilla told news channel ANC.  The fight for the remaining ground forces continues.  The military was uncertain whether Malaysian operative Mahmud Ahmad was still in the city but he was not known for his skills as a fighter and was therefore not a threat, Padilla said. ",1
17279,North Korea's 'princess' now one of the secretive state's top policy makers," (This Oct. 9 story corrects para 18 to show that person attending concert was likely not Kim Yo Jong) By Hyonhee Shin and Soyoung Kim SEOUL (Reuters) - The promotion of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un s 28-year-old sister to the country s top decision-making body is a sign he is strengthening his position by drawing his most important people closer to the center of power, experts and officials say. Kim Yo Jong was named as an alternate member of the politburo within the ruling Workers  Party of Korea - the opaque, all-powerful party organ where top state affairs are decided, the North s official media said on Sunday. It makes her only the second woman in patriarchal North Korea to join the exclusive club after Kim Kyong Hui, who held powerful roles when her brother Kim Jong Il ruled the country.  Since she is a female, Kim Jong Un likely does not see her as a threat and a challenge to his leadership,  said Moon Hong-sik, research fellow at the Institute for National Security Strategy.  As the saying goes  blood is thicker than water,  Kim Jong Un thinks Kim Yo Jong can be trusted.       Unlike her aunt, who was promoted to the politburo in 2012 after serving more than three decades in the party, Kim Yo Jong has risen to power at an unprecedented pace. Kim Kyong Hui has not been seen since her husband, Jang Song Thaek, once regarded as the No.2 leader in Pyongyang, was executed in 2013. South Korea s spy agency believes she is now in a secluded place near Pyongyang undergoing a treatment for an unidentified disease, according to an August briefing to parliament.  Jang and his wife are not the only relatives to fall from Kim Jong Un s favor. Kim Jong Un s estranged half-brother, Kim Jong Nam, was killed with a toxic nerve agent at a Malaysian airport in February. Two women are on trial for the murder, which South Korean and U.S. officials believe Kim Jong Un s regime was behind.  Kim Jong Nam, who lived in exile in Macau, had criticized his family s dynastic rule and his brother had issued a standing order for his execution, according to some South Korean lawmakers.  The smartly dressed Kim Yo Jong, her hair usually pulled back in a ponytail and mostly seen in black suits and black-heeled shoes, made her first debut on state media in December 2011, seen standing tearfully next to Kim Jong Un at the funeral of their father. Since then, Kim has made several appearances with her brother, giggling at concerts, riding a white horse, smiling as she receives flowers on his behalf at state functions. Her youth and bubbly personality seen in state media are in stark contrast to the usually glum generals and ageing party cadres who follow Kim Jong Un on official duties. Having previously only occasionally appeared in the background, the young heiress has moved to the front and center of media photos more recently, assisting her brother at numerous high-profile state events.  At a massive military parade in April to mark the 105th birth anniversary of founding father Kim Il Sung, she was seen rushing out from behind pillars to bring paperwork to her brother as he prepared to give an address. The same month, she stood alongside him during the unveiling ceremony of a construction project in Pyongyang. In March 2016, she accompanied Kim Jong Un to a field guidance for nuclear scientists, where he claimed successful miniaturization of nuclear warheads.  Kim Yo Jong s official inclusion in the 30-strong exclusive club of North Korea s chief policy makers means her role within the regime will be expanded further,  Cheong Seong-chang, senior fellow at the Sejong Institute south of Seoul. Apart from her age, little is known about Kim Yo Jong. In February 2011, South Korean TV station KBS showed a woman it identified as Kim Yo Jong and her other brother, Kim Jong Chol, enjoying an Eric Clapton concert in Singapore. However, a Reuters review of those pictures shows it was most likely a different person.  The three, who all reportedly went to school in Switzerland, are full blood siblings, born to Kim Jong Il s fourth partner, Ko Yong Hui.  Kim Jong Chol, the oldest of Kim Jong Il s sons, does not involve himself in politics, leading a quiet life in Pyongyang where he plays guitar in a band, according to Thae Yong Ho, North Korea s former deputy ambassador in London who defected to the South. In 2014, Kim Yo Jong was made vice director of the Workers  Party s Propaganda and Agitation Department, which handles ideological messaging through the media, arts and culture.  The position led the U.S. Treasury Department to blacklist her along with six other North Korean officials in January for  severe human rights abuses  and censorship that concealed the regime s  inhumane and oppressive behavior . Last year, South Korea s former spy chief said Kim Yo Jong was seen  abusing power , punishing propaganda department executives for  minor mistakes . In a North Korean state media photo in January 2015, she was spotted wearing a ring on her fourth finger during a visit to a child care center. South Korean intelligence officials say Kim might have wed a schoolmate from the prestigious Kim Il Sung University, but there has been no confirmation of whether she is indeed married or to whom. ",1
17280,Malaysia says no decision yet on new offers to search for missing MH370,"KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - Malaysia said on Tuesday it has received proposals from three companies offering to continue the search for Malaysian Airlines flight MH370, which has been missing since 2014, but no decision has been made yet. MH370 vanished three years ago somewhere in the southern Indian Ocean en route to Beijing from Kuala Lumpur with 239 people aboard. Its disappearance has become one of the world s greatest aviation mysteries. Malaysian Transport Minister Liow Tiong Lai said proposals were received from U.S.-based seabed exploration firm Ocean Infinity, Dutch firm Fugro and an unidentified Malaysian company.  We wont be deciding anything now on whether we are embarking on a new search or not,  Liow told reporters on the sidelines of an event in Kuala Lumpur.  We have to discuss with the companies. It will take some time as it s some detailed discussions,  he said. Liow was commenting on media reports from Australia that said Malaysia could resume the search as early as this week. Australia, Malaysia and China called off a A$200 million ($159.16 million), two-year search for the plane in January, amid protests from families of those onboard. Liow said the proposals would eventually be presented to the other countries in the tripartite committee - China and Australia - before a decision was taken. Representatives for Ocean Infinity have said the company would only want to be paid if the aircraft was found. The Boeing 777 aircraft disappeared on March 8, 2014, and is thought to have been diverted thousands of miles off course out over the southern Indian Ocean before crashing off the coast of Western Australia. ",1
17281,Turkey's military says two Turkish soldiers killed in blast in northern Iraq,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Two Turkish soldiers were killed and two were wounded late on Monday in northern Iraq in a blast caused by an improvised explosive device planted by Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) militants, the armed forces said on Tuesday. It said the Turkish air force subsequently carried out air strikes in the same Zap region of northern Iraq, killing eight PKK fighters. The military statement said the incident was separate from another blast earlier on Monday in northern Iraq in which two soldiers were killed.  ",1
17282,A divided Iraq tests U.S. influence as fight against Islamic State wanes,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - After years of focusing divided Iraq on a shared fight against the Islamic State group, the United States is now straining to leverage its limited influence to avoid a full-blown conflict between the Iraqi and Kurdish forces it has armed and trained. Experts say that a path toward reconciliation, in some form, exists. But it will be a long, arduous test of nerves that could expose the U.S.-backed war effort in Iraq to risks from insurgents and from militia backed by neighboring Iran. U.S. President Donald Trump declared on Monday that the United States was not taking sides in the internal conflict between Baghdad and independence-seeking Kurds, as Iraqi government forces captured the Kurdish-held oil city of Kirkuk.  We don t like the fact that they re clashing. We re not taking sides,  Trump told reporters at the White House.   We ve had for many years a very good relationship with the Kurds as you know and we ve also been on the side of Iraq,  he said. That neutral approach met a cool reception from the Kurdish government representative in Washington, Bayan Sami Abdul Rahman. In particular, she said the United States had already helped isolate the Kurds by publicly calling for them to postpone the Sept. 25 referendum on independence that triggered the dispute with Baghdad.  With every step (Washington) emboldened Baghdad, Iran and Turkey ... each one of them thinking:  Well, so the Kurds are on their own, we can do whatever we like ,  she told Reuters. The Iraqi government s capture of Kirkuk was the most decisive step yet by Baghdad to block the Kurd s independence bid. It also put Washington in the awkward position of recognizing the Iraqi government s authority while maintaining ties with its close Kurdish allies. Kurdish Peshmerga forces said Baghdad would be made to pay a heavy price for triggering  war on the Kurdistan people.  U.S.-led coalition military support for Iraqi and Kurdish forces was decisive during the most critical phases of the war against Islamic State. However, Washington s leverage has yet to be fully tested after the recapture of major cities from the militant group. It is unclear, in particular, how much influence the United States has with Kurdish leader Masoud Barzani after already failing to delay the independence referendum, in which the Kurds voted to secede. Paul Salem, from the Middle East Institute think tank in Washington, said Barzani was learning that he had  very few friends and he is a much weaker player  than he thought before the Sept. 25 vote.  (The U.S.) has some leverage,  Salem said. Michael Knights, an expert at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy, said the United States needed to take steps to avoid alienating the Kurds in the region. Those steps included sending a U.S.-led military coalition officer to a key military base there and pressing for an interim Kurdish governor of Kirkuk.  This would maintain the basic power-sharing compact negotiated by Kirkuk community leaders in 2007,  Knights said. The Pentagon confirmed that U.S. forces had a presence in the vicinity of Kirkuk but declined to say where. Such a presence could help deter further conflict, a tactic it used in Syria to keep Kurds and Turks from fighting each other. The U.S. State Department urged all sides to  restore calm  and warned that the dispute was distracting from the battle against Islamic State, which swept through Iraq in 2014 by  exploiting the country s vast ethnic and political divisions.   We strongly urge all parties to avoid provocations that can be exploited by Iraq s enemies who are interested in fueling ethnic and sectarian conflict,  it said in a statement. Former U.S. ambassador to Iraq, James Jeffrey, said he believed Iran - which backs Shi ite Iraqi militia - was positioned to gain influence because of the Iraqi-Kurdish conflict. He said the United States needed to make certain that Iranian-backed forces don t  surge forward  into the Kirkuk area to challenge Kurdish Peshmerga fighters.  The United States has to make it very clear: We are not going to defend Kirkuk ... but if the Iranian militias move forward, then we will help the Peshmerga,  if necessary, Jeffrey said. Trump unveiled last week a more aggressive U.S. approach to Iran, whose elite Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps backs the militias in Iraq. Abdul Rahman was wary of Iran s role in the unfolding crisis and criticized the U.S. military s characterization of an exchange of fire early on Monday as a  misunderstanding,  downplaying the loss of life.  I think the U.S. needs to be very, very aware of the statements that it makes and the statements that it doesn t make,  she said. The threat of Iraqi and Kurdish forces turning U.S.-supplied weapons against each other has raised alarms in Congress. Senator John McCain, the chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, warned Iraq s government of  severe consequences  over any further misuse of U.S.-provided weaponry against Kurdish forces.  The United States provided equipment and training to the government of Iraq to fight (Islamic State) and secure itself from external threats - not to attack elements of one of its own regional governments,  McCain said. ",1
17283,Macau plans 'simulated attacks' in security ramp-up after Vegas shooting,"HONG KONG (Reuters) - Authorities in the Chinese territory of Macau have ramped up security measures following the deadly Las Vegas shooting this month and unveiled plans for a series of mock attacks and crisis training to safeguard the world s largest gambling hub. The new recommendations were laid out in a government statement following a meeting on Monday between Macau s gaming regulator, the Judiciary Police and representatives from the six licensed casino operators which include Wynn Macau and Sands China. The former Portuguese colony of Macau had seen heady gang violence and bombings until China took control in 1999. Since the handover, booming casino revenues have propelled the tiny enclave of 600,000 people to one of the world s richest cities. Macau had a relatively lower risk of attack, said Chau Wai Kuong, director of Macau s Judiciary Police, although he cautioned the special administrative region must be vigilant. The Las Vegas attack on October 1 was the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history after gunman Stephen Paddock opened fire from his hotel room on more than 20,000 concertgoers at an outdoor venue. A total of 59 people were killed, including Paddock who shot himself.  A simulation of attacks should be conducted in the short term ... so that the frontline workers of casinos are more skilled in handling emergency incidents,  the statement from Macau authorities said. Other measures included setting up a special action team with protective equipment and additional physical training for frontline staff to help reduce any casualties in any potential situations before police arrive.  Casinos will also install metal detectors at all entrances and place a ban on luggage on the casino floors. Operators also need to train their employees to identify suspicious people and increase overall security procedures.  Paulo Martins Chan, the head of Macau s gaming regulator, said all operators had purchased permanent metal detectors which would help to reduce and dispel criminals. Macau s casino operators Wynn Macau, Sands China, MGM China, Melco Crown, SJM and Galaxy Entertainment had already been on alert following an attack in June at a Manila casino where a lone gunman started a blaze that killed more than 30 people.  ",1
17284,U.S. renews call for Cambodia to release opposition leader from prison,"PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - The United States renewed a call for Cambodia s government to release the country s main opposition leader Kem Sokha from prison, after parliament voted to change election laws that would re-distribute his party s seats if it was dissolved. The government is seeking to dissolve Kem Sokha s Cambodia National Rescue Party (CNRP), arguing he and his party sought to topple the government, a move which would help Prime Minister Hun Sen extend his 32-year rule at the next election in 2018.. The U.S. State Department said Washington was  deeply concerned  by parliament s passage of the amendments and if ratified  would effectively disenfranchise the millions of people who voted for the CNRP in the 2013 and 2017 elections .  Genuine competition is essential to democracy and to the legitimacy of the 2018 national elections,  U.S. State Department spokesperson Heather Nauert said in a statement released in Cambodia on Tuesday.  We urge government officials to consider the serious implications of their recent actions. We renew our call that the leader of the CNRP, Kem Sokha, be released from prison.  A spokesman for Cambodia s ruling party said the U.S State Department s statement was weak and Cambodia was on the right track to towards a free and fair election next year.  Their tone is lighter. Before, they would bully so this means we are on the right path towards democracy and rule of law,  Sok Eysan, a parliamentarian from Hun Sen s ruling Cambodian People s Party (CPP), told Reuters. Cambodia s National Assembly voted on Monday to change election laws to re-distribute seats to other parties in parliament within seven days of a party being dissolved. Lawyers from the interior ministry filed a lawsuit on Oct. 6 to demand the dissolution the CNRP, after Kem Sokha was charged with treason following his Sept. 3 arrest. The government has said CNRP conspired with foreign advisors to topple the government, citing a 2013 video clip showing Kem Sokha talking about a plan to take power with the help of Americans. Half of opposition figures fled abroad in September and early October as Hun Sen moves to tighten his grip on power by silencing critics in the lead-up to the national election. Mu Sochua, deputy president of the opposition CNRP, who fled Cambodia earlier this month in fear of arrest, called on political parties to only contest the 2018 election if it is free and fair.  All conditions for free fair and inclusive elections must be met,  Mu Sochua told Reuters.  Any party that want to compete to win CPP must only do so if these conditions are met.  ",1
17285,Venezuela vote dispute escalates foreign sanctions threat,"CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuela s opposition cried foul on Monday over the ruling socialists  win in gubernatorial elections, raising the threat of more foreign sanctions following the vote in what the United States called  an authoritarian dictatorship.  President Nicolas Maduro s candidates took 17 governorships, versus five for the opposition, in Sunday s nationwide poll, according to the pro-government electoral board.  The socialists  strong showing came despite devastating food shortages, triple-digit inflation, and a collapsing currency.  Polls had suggested the opposition would easily win a majority. Dismayed leaders of the Democratic Unity coalition demanded an audit after citing a litany of abuses, including multiple voting, state food handouts on the day of the poll, forced attendance at gunpoint and suspicious phone and power outages. The opposition fell short of offering detailed evidence of outright fraud, however, and there were no conventional foreign observer missions to verify claims of vote-rigging.  This is a process of electoral fraud without precedent in our history,  said opposition spokesman Angel Oropeza. An estimated 1 million voters were blocked from voting, he said, referring to claims the election board skewed results by relocating hundreds of polling places away from opposition strongholds.  Many dispirited opposition supporters now see foreign pressure as their only real hope of hurting Maduro ahead of next year s presidential vote. The United States condemned the elections as neither free nor fair and vowed to keep up pressure on Maduro for the erosion of democracy in the South American OPEC nation.  As long as the Maduro regime conducts itself as an authoritarian dictatorship, we will work with members of the international community and bring the full weight of American economic and diplomatic power to bear in support of the Venezuelan people as they seek to restore their democracy,  State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said in a statement. The Trump administration has already imposed sanctions on Maduro and top officials, including election board head Tibisay Lucena. Washington has also struck at the government s ability to raise more funds via foreign debt. The European Union could also take measures against Maduro, who was narrowly elected to replace the late leader Hugo Chavez in 2013. French President Emmanuel Macron, who has also branded Venezuela a dictatorship, expressed concern at claims of  serious irregularities  and  lack of transparency  in the gubernatorial vote.  France deplores this situation and is working with its EU partners to examine appropriate measures to help resolve the serious crisis,  the French foreign ministry said. Venezuela s government, which insisted in advance of Sunday s vote that it would demonstrate its commitment to democracy, still retains significant support in poorer, rural settings. And it seems unlikely that supporters of the elite-led opposition, which has struggled to capitalize on discontent over the economy, will return to the streets en masse after months of grueling protests earlier this year. The protests failed to pressure the government into holding an early presidential election, freeing scores of jailed activists or accepting foreign humanitarian aid. At least 125 people died, while thousands were injured and arrested in violence.  Obviously, this was a brutal fraud,  said David Osorio, 21, who lost an eye when he was hit by a gas cannister in the clashes.  But I don t know if going back to the streets is best ... because the same will happen and many are simply not willing.  A few hundred opposition protesters massed in front of the electoral council in the southern Bolivar state, where results were still not given by Monday evening. The National Guard used tear gas to scatter the crowd, according to a Reuters witness.      Various opposition leaders acknowledged disillusionment and people staying home had played a big role.  We shot ourselves in the foot,  legislator Jose Guerra said, noting record turnout of 74 percent in a 2015 congress vote, which the opposition won, versus 61 percent on Sunday.  Flanked by his powerful wife, soldiers, and red-shirted party members, a jubilant Maduro painted the opposition as sore losers.  When they lose they cry fraud. When they win they shout  Down with Maduro,  said Maduro, 54. The opposition pocketed governorships including the turbulent Andean states of Merida and Tachira and the oil-producing region of Zulia.  The government, which had previously controlled 20 governorships, took states across Venezuela s languid plains and steamy Caribbean coast. It won back populous Miranda state, which includes part of the capital Caracas, and also won in Barinas, Chavez s home state, where his younger brother retained the top job. ",1
17286,Britain's Johnson says as May heads to Brussels: time to begin serious Brexit talks,"LUXEMBOURG (Reuters) - Britain s Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson said it was time to begin  serious negotiations  on Brexit, hours before Prime Minister Theresa May visits Brussels in an attempt to unlock the stalled talks.   We think in the UK that it is time to get on with these negotiations ... for us to start some serious conversations about the future and the new relationship, the deep and special partnership we hope to construct,  Johnson told reporters.  I think we will work very much in the interests of both sides ... let s put a tiger in the tank, let s get these negotiations going and stop letting the grass grow under our feet. We hope very much that our friends and partners will take that message and really begin to do some serious negotiations.  Johnson, arriving for talks in Luxembourg with his European Union peers on Monday, also said London made a  very good  and  fair  offer on safeguarding expatriates  rights after Britain leaves the European Union. May s office said on Sunday she would meet the European Union s chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier and the head of the bloc s executive Commission, Jean-Claude Juncker, in Brussels on Monday. ",1
17287,Spain High Court jails two Catalan separatist leaders pending investigation,"MADRID/BARCELONA (Reuters) - Spain moved closer on Monday to imposing central rule over Catalonia to thwart its independence push as Madrid s High Court signaled a hardening line by jailing the leaders of two of the largest separatist organizations. In the first imprisonment of senior secessionist figures since Catalonia s Oct. 1 independence referendum, the court ordered the heads of the Catalan National Assembly (ANC) and Omnium held without bail pending an investigation for alleged sedition. Prosecutors say that the ANC s Jordi Sanchez and Omnium s Jordi Cuixart played central roles in orchestrating pro-independence protests that last month trapped national police inside a Barcelona building and destroyed their vehicles. Around 200 people flocked to the Catalan government s headquarters in Barcelona in a peaceful show of support for both men, with some chanting  Freedom  and waving  Democracy  banners.  The ANC, which has organized protests of hundreds of thousands of secessionists in the past, called for further peaceful demonstrations around Catalonia on Tuesday.  Catalan regional President Carles Puigdemont commented on Twitter:  Spain jails Catalonia s civil society leaders for organizing peaceful demonstrations. Sadly, we have political prisoners again    an allusion to Spain s military dictatorship under Francisco Franco. The High Court also banned the Catalan police chief, Josep Lluis Trapero, from leaving Spain and seized his passport while he is being investigated over the same incident, though it did not order his arrest. Last Tuesday, Puigdemont stepped back from asking the Catalan parliament to vote on independence, instead making a symbolic declaration and calling for negotiations on the region s future. In a confrontation viewed with mounting alarm in European capitals and financial markets, Puigdemont failed on Monday to respond to Madrid s ultimatum to clarify whether he had declared unilateral independence in a speech last week. He now has until Thursday to back down.  In a letter to Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy,  Puigdemont gave no direct answer on the independence issue, instead making a  sincere and honest  offer for dialogue over the next two months. In reply, Rajoy said Puigdemont s stance had brought Madrid closer to triggering Article 155 of the constitution, under which it can impose direct rule on any of the country s 17 autonomous communities if they break the law. The Catalan government s campaign to break away from Spain has pitched the country into its worst political crisis since an abortive coup attempt in 1981. On Monday the economy ministry told the EU that it had slashed its economic growth forecasts for next year partly due to the situation. The Catalan government says 90 percent of voters in the referendum backed a breakaway, but turnout was only 43 percent as most opponents of independence in the region boycotted the vote, already declared illegal by Spain s Constitutional Court.  Thousands have demonstrated in Barcelona and other Spanish cities both for and against independence. So far the crisis has been largely violence-free, except for the day of the referendum when national police assaulted voters with batons and rubber bullets. The High Court ruled that Trapero, the Catalan police chief, would have his passport withdrawn but rejected a request from the state prosecutor for him to be held in custody. Trapero is a hero to the secessionists after his force took a much softer stance than national police in enforcing the ban on the referendum. Prosecutors say he failed to give orders to rescue national police trapped inside the Barcelona building. Puigdemont last Tuesday delayed by several weeks a formal declaration of independence from Spain to allow for talks. Madrid has ruled out talks unless Puigdemont gives up the independence demand. It had given him until 10 a.m. (0800 GMT) on Monday to clarify his position with a  Yes  or  No , and until Thursday to change his mind if he insisted on a split. Following his failure to do so, a regional broadcaster said he also planned to ignore a final deadline on Thursday. Suggesting that Puigdemont and his team were in no mood to follow Rajoy s game plan, Catalan interior minister Joaquim Forn said Article 155 would not allow Madrid to remove members of the Catalan government. The article s terms on direct rule, which has never been applied, are vague.  It says Madrid can  adopt any measure  to force a region to meet its constitutional obligations, with the approval of Spain s lower house. The wording suggests this could include anything from taking control of regional police and finances to installing a new governing team or calling a snap election. Underlining the deepening crisis, some of the largest companies in prosperous Catalonia, which accounts for a fifth of the Spanish economy, have already shifted head offices elsewhere and others are likely to follow if Puigdemont declares outright independence. Investors say a political split could undermine the economic rebound in Spain, the euro zone s fourth-largest economy. ",1
17288,Wildfires kill at least 39 in Portugal and Spain,"LISBON/MADRID (Reuters) - At least 36 people died in wildfires raging through parched farmlands and forests in Portugal and another three in neighboring northwestern Spain on Sunday and Monday. Firefighters were battling 50 blazes in Portugal and a similar number in Spain. Portugal s government asked for international help and declared a state of emergency in territory north of the Tagus river - about half of its landmass. Flames ripped across Iberian countryside left tinder-dry by an unusually hot summer and early autumn, fanned by strong winds as remnants of ex-Hurricane Ophelia brushed coastal areas. Television footage showed abandoned villages with many houses in embers and charred vehicles left on the roads. Portuguese opposition parties and the media harshly criticized the government for failing to prevent a new wave of deadly fires after the country s worst ever forest fire in June that killed 64 people.  Prime Minister Antonio Costa, however, refused to sack his interior minister and defended his government s attempts to reform the troubled forestry management system.   It s a structural problem that we are facing... This is not a time for resignations, but for solutions. Everything has to be transformed into reforms, to provide responses that the country needs so that nothing stays the way it was after this year,  he told reporters after a television address to the nation.   We are aware that the country wants results from us and we re running against time after decades of negligence,  Costa told reporters after his address. At the heart of the problem is poor land management in Portugal, where traditional small plots have become fire hazards after being abandoned by successive generations of landholders who moved to the cities.  Interior Minister Constanca Urbano de Sousa said climate change was also to blame.  We are facing new (weather) conditions ... In an era of climate change, such disasters are becoming reality all over the world,  she said, citing the wildfires burning in California. The weekend fires also injured 63 people in Portugal, civil protection service spokeswoman Patricia Gaspar said. The toll could still increase as seven people were unaccounted for. Water-spraying planes could not be deployed against most fires due to gigantic plumes of smoke that reduced visibility. But Gaspar said rains expected late on Monday and on Tuesday in the north of Portugal were likely to bring some relief. The Lisbon government has been criticized for a slow, inefficient response and a lack of fire-prevention policies, leaving Portugal with Europe s largest expanse of woodland burned by wildfires. Portugal s fires have burned over 40 percent of the total in all of the European Union this year. With just 2.1 percent of the EU s landmass, Portugal suffered the biggest fires during 2008-16 as well, with an average of 36 percent of the total. Three people died in Spain s northwestern Galicia region - two of them women found inside a burnt-out car, the third a man in his 70s killed as he tried to save his farm animals, according to local media. Most of the fires in Galicia were started deliberately, said Alberto Nunez Feijoo, head of the regional government.  Spanish Interior Minister Juan Ignacio Zoido said some of those responsible had already been identified. They could face up to 20 years in jail if convicted. At least two persons were arrested in Portugal for allegedly starting fires. ",1
17289,U.S. 'very concerned' by violence around Iraq's Kirkuk: State Department,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. State Department said on Monday Washington was  very concerned  by reports of violence around the Iraqi oil city of Kirkuk, which was seized by Baghdad s forces from Kurds.  We are monitoring the situation closely and call on all parties to coordinate military activities and restore calm,   State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said in a statement. ",1
17290,Three dead as Storm Ophelia batters Ireland,"LAHINCH, Ireland (Reuters) - Three people died as Tropical Storm Ophelia battered Ireland s southern coast on Monday, knocking down trees and power lines and whipping up 10-metre (30-foot) waves. Over 360,000 homes and businesses were without electricity with another 100,000 outages expected by nightfall, Ireland s Electricity Supply Board said, describing it as an unprecedented event that would effect every part of the country for days. Around 170 flights from Ireland s two main airports at Dublin and Shannon were canceled. Two people were killed in separate incidents when trees fell on their cars   a woman in her 50s in the south east and a man on the east coast. Another man in his 30s died while trying to clear a fallen tree in an incident involving a chainsaw. The storm, downgraded from a hurricane overnight, was the worst to hit Ireland in half a century. It made landfall after 10:40 a.m. (0940 GMT), the Irish National Meteorological Service said, with winds as strong as 190 kph (110 mph) hitting the most southerly tip of the country. Coastal flooding was likely.  This storm is still very active and there are still very dangerous conditions in parts of the country. Do not be lulled into thinking this has passed,  the chairman of Ireland s National Emergency Coordination Group, Sean Hogan, told national broadcaster RTE.  The armed forces were sent to bolster flood defenses, public transport services and hospitals were closed and schools across Ireland and Northern Ireland will remain shut for a second day on Tuesday.  Hundreds of roads were blocked by fallen trees, Hogan said. Photos on social media showed roofs flying off buildings, including at Cork City soccer club s Turner s Cross stadium where the roof of one stand had collapsed. Prime Minister Leo Varadkar advised people to stay indoors. The transport minister said it was not safe to drive. The storm winds were due to peak between 1600 GMT and 1800 GMT in Dublin and Galway, two of Ireland s most populous cities, and later on Monday in northern areas.  Britain s meteorological service put an Amber Weather Warning into effect for Northern Ireland from 1400-2100 GMT, saying the storm posed a danger to life and was likely to cause transport cancellations, power cuts and flying debris. It is expected to move towards western Scotland overnight and  impactful weather  is expected in other western and northern parts of the United Kingdom, it said.   British media are comparing Ophelia to the  Great Storm  of 1987, which subjected parts of the United Kingdom to hurricane strength winds 30 years ago to the day.  The Irish government said the storm was likely to be the worst since Hurricane Debbie, which killed 11 in Ireland in 1961. It passed close to a western Ireland golf course owned by U.S. President Donald Trump, who has been planning a wall to protect its greens from coastal erosion. Similar storms in the past have changed the shape of stretches of the Irish coastline, climatologists said. ",1
17291,U.S. strike on Islamic State camps in Yemen kills dozens: Pentagon,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. forces killed dozens of Islamic State members in a strike on Monday on two training camps in Yemen, the Pentagon said. The camps in al-Bayda province were being used to train new fighters using AK-47s, machine guns and rocket-propelled grenade launchers, the Pentagon said in a statement. Islamic State has used ungoverned areas in Yemen to plot, direct, instigate, resource and recruit for attacks against America and its allies around the world, it said.  ",1
17292,Anti-corruption blogger killed by huge bomb in Malta,"VALLETTA (Reuters) - Daphne Caruana Galizia, Malta s best-known investigative journalist, was killed on Monday when a powerful bomb blew up her car, police said, in a case that stunned the small Mediterranean island. Caruana Galizia, 53, ran a hugely popular blog in which she relentlessly highlighted cases of alleged high-level corruption targeting politicians from across party lines.  There are crooks everywhere you look now. The situation is desperate,  she wrote in a blog published on her site just half an hour before an explosion tore into her car. Locals said Caruana Galizia had just left her house and was on a road near the village of Bidnija in northern Malta when the bomb detonated, sending her car flying into an adjacent field. Maltese Prime Minister Joseph Muscat, who faced accusations of wrong-doing by Caruana Galizia earlier this year, denounced her killing, calling it a  barbaric attack on press freedom . He announced that the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) had agreed to help local police investigate the killing and was flying experts to the island as soon as possible.  I will not rest until I see justice done in this case,  he said in a statement, calling for national unity. Around 3,000 people held a silent, candle-lit vigil on Tuesday evening in Sliema, just outside Valletta. The hashtag Je Suis Daphne circulated widely among social media users on the island of 400,000 people, the European Union s smallest state.  Everyone knows Caruana Galizia was a harsh critic of mine, both politically and personally, but nobody can justify this barbaric act in any way,  Muscat said.  The only remedy for anyone who felt slandered was through the courts.  Muscat sued Caruana Galizia after she wrote blogs earlier this year saying his wife was the beneficial owner of a company in Panama, and that large sums of money had been moved between the company and bank accounts in Azerbaijan. Both Muscat and his wife denied the accusations. Looking for a vote of confidence to counter the allegations, Muscat called snap elections in June which he easily won. Recently, Caruana Galizia s outspoken blog had turned its fire on opposition politicians. Malta Television reported that Caruana Galizia had filed a complaint to the police two weeks ago to say she had received threats. It gave no further information. Opposition leader Adrian Delia said the blogger was the victim of a  political murder .  Caruana Galizia revealed the Panama Papers and was the government s strongest critic,  he said, calling for a independent probe of her killing.   We will not accept an investigation by the Commissioner of Police, the Army commander or the duty magistrate, all of whom were at the heart of criticism by Caruana Galizia,  he said. WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange said he would offer a 20,000 euro ($23,578.00) reward for information leading to the conviction of Caruana Galizia s killers, and European politicians expressed dismay at her death. Frans Timmermans, first vice president of the European Commission, tweeted that he was  shocked and outraged , adding that  if journalists are silenced our freedom is lost . Manfred Weber, head of the conservative bloc in the European Parliament, said the killing marked  a dark day for democracy .   Caruana Galizia took aim at politicians and senior officials from across Malta, seeing the island as a hotbed of corruption.  Malta s public life is afflicted with dangerously unstable men with no principles or scruples,  she wrote last year. Her family asked that the magistrate assigned to investigate the case, Consuelo Scerri Herrera, be substituted because of an alleged conflict of interest, court documents showed. Herrera had sought libel damages after Caruana Galizia attacked her in her blog. ",1
17293,U.S. 'not taking sides' in Iraqi-Kurdish dispute: Trump,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States sought on Monday to avoid openly taking sides in an Iraqi-Kurdish dispute, as Iraq s capture of the Kurdish-held city of Kirkuk raised the risk of an open conflict between U.S. allies in the fight against Islamic State. U.S. President Donald Trump expressed disappointment the two sides were fighting.  We don t like the fact that they re clashing. We re not taking sides,  Trump told reporters at the White House.   We ve had for many years a very good relationship with the Kurds as you know and we ve also been on the side of Iraq, even though we should have never been there in the first place. We should never have been there. But we re not taking sides in that battle.  Iraqi government forces captured the major Kurdish-held oil city of Kirkuk on Monday, responding to a Kurdish referendum on independence with a bold lightning strike that transforms the balance of power in the country. A convoy of armored vehicles from Iraq s elite U.S.-trained Counter-Terrorism Force seized Kirkuk s provincial government headquarters on Monday afternoon, less than a day after the operation began, a Reuters reporter in Kirkuk said. Senator John McCain, the influential chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, warned Iraq s government of  severe consequences  over any further misuse of U.S.-provided weaponry against Kurdish forces. Pentagon spokesman Colonel Robert Manning declined to speculate on whether the United States might cut off military aid and training to Iraqi forces in the event a major conflict, saying:  I m not going to speculate on that but I will tell you that we re looking at all options for planning considerations ... We encourage dialogue.  ",1
17294,U.S. Army Sergeant Bergdahl could face life sentence for endangering troops,"FORT BRAGG, N.C. (Reuters) - U.S. Army Sergeant Bowe Bergdahl pleaded guilty on Monday to deserting his duties in Afghanistan in June 2009 and endangering the lives of fellow troops, a step toward resolving the politically charged case that could send him to prison for life. The 31-year-old Idaho native told a judge in Fort Bragg, North Carolina, that he walked off his combat outpost in Paktika province and headed to a nearby base to report  critical problems  in his chain of command. But he got lost after 20 minutes, was captured by the Taliban several hours later and spent the next five years suffering torture, abuse and neglect in captivity. The dangerous search for him that ensued - and the Taliban prisoner swap that won his release in 2014 - drew wide derision from soldiers and Republicans. During last year s presidential campaign, Republican Donald Trump called Bergdahl  a no-good traitor.  In court on Monday, Bergdahl admitted wrongdoing but said he never intended to put anyone at risk.  I didn t think there d be any reason to pull off a crucial mission to look for one guy,  he said, adding that his actions were  very inexcusable.  Bergdahl pleaded guilty to desertion and misbehavior before the enemy, with the latter offense carrying a possible life sentence. His decision to enter a  naked plea  - meaning he had not reached an agreement about the sentencing terms with prosecutors - came as a surprise to some military law experts.  The sentencing proceedings will begin on Oct. 23. Experts said the defense was betting on getting a better deal from Army Judge Colonel Jeffery Nance than it would have from a jury panel of officers. Two law professors said they expect Bergdahl will receive a dishonorable discharge at a minimum.  I think Colonel Nance will realize that the men who put their lives on the line looking for him are entitled to see a level of punishment that is appropriate for his misconduct,  said Geoffrey Corn, a professor at South Texas College of Law Houston and retired Army lieutenant colonel. Army prosecutors will present evidence at sentencing of soldiers who were injured in the search for Bergdahl. The judge can consider Bergdahl s time in captivity, but Jeffrey Addicott, a retired lieutenant colonel in the Army, doubts it will help the soldier much.  He knew what the Taliban was, and he inflicted that on himself,  said Addicott, now a law professor at St. Mary s University in San Antonio, Texas. Bergdahl, who remains on active duty in a clerical job at a base in San Antonio, on Monday said he had tried to escape his captors up to 15 times.  The first attempt came on the day he was caught, Bergdahl said. Blindfolded, with a blanket over his head and his hands chained behind his back, he decided to run from the village where he had been taken. But he quickly was tackled, he said, and taken to another location. ",1
17295,"May, Juncker call for faster Brexit talks","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May and European Commission chief Jean-Claude Juncker agreed over dinner in Brussels on Monday that the pace of negotiations over Britain s departure from the European Union should be stepped up. A joint statement described a  constructive and friendly  two-hour meeting, during which they  reviewed the progress made in the Article 50 negotiations so far and agreed that these efforts should accelerate over the months to come . Announced less than 24 hours before they sat down, accompanied by their chief Brexit negotiators, David Davis and Michel Barnier, and just three days before May returns to Brussels for an EU summit, the meeting was held well away from reporters. Officials offered no immediate detail on the substance beyond the six-sentence communique. Both sides have been calling for a faster pace of talks as time ticks down to Britain s withdrawal from the EU in March 2019 and businesses warn that without clarity on what happens after that they may start switching investments early next year. The joint statement gave little else away, making no reference to the mutual blame game in which London and Brussels accuse each other of creating deadlock: May by failing to detail how much she is willing to pay to settle divorce obligations, the EU by sticking rigidly to a refusal to so much as talk about a future trade deal and transition to that until she does so. Wary that the prime minister, beset by feuds in her cabinet over a softer or harder break with the EU, might try to divide the other 27 states, some EU diplomats voiced concern she met Juncker and Barnier before meeting the other national leaders. Barnier has, diplomats say, suggested accelerating talks by starting internal EU discussions on a transition period in which Britain would stay in the single market. His idea hit resistance from heavyweights Germany and France, though the 27 now seem set to agree this gesture in an EU statement to be issued on Friday. A revised text circulated by summit chair Donald Tusk to EU governments on Monday retained wording that offers Britain the chance of talks on a transition to a future relationship almost immediately after the next EU summit in December. But at German and French insistence, it stressed the need for London to meet a series of key demands from the Union, notably on money it owes. May s spokesman, when asked before the meeting whether she would give more detail on Britain s financial offer, indicated she would not.  That left some wondering what the point was.  It will either be a very expensive dinner, costing about 30 billion euros, or else   what is this?  one EU diplomat said.   ",1
17296,"Chances of 'no deal' Brexit not rising, says UK's Hammond","LONDON (Reuters) - The chance that Britain leaves the European Union without agreeing a divorce deal has not increased recently and talks have not hit an impasse, British finance minister Philip Hammond said on Monday. Hammond, who last week apologized for calling the EU  the enemy , described relations with European countries as constructive.  However, he said the EU s strict adherence to a phased negotiating process - which first tackles budget issues and the rights of EU citizens living in Britain - was delaying progress on more substantive trade issues. Last week the EU s chief negotiator said talks were deadlocked, notably over London s refusal to detail what it was offering to pay Brussels to settle outstanding liabilities after its June 2016 vote to leave the bloc.  This followed an attempt by May last month to revive the negotiations with a speech in Florence promising Britain would honor its EU commitments. Asked in an interview with U.S. broadcaster CNBC whether the risk of  no deal  had risen, Hammond said:  Personally I don t think so.   It is so blindingly obviously in the best interests of both the UK and the European Union 27 that we do reach a deal so we can continue trading together.  Prime Minister Theresa May is due to meet European Commission chief Jean-Claude Juncker over dinner later on Monday to try to refocus the talks on future trade ties. Earlier on Monday JPMorgan said the chance of a  no deal  Brexit had risen to 25 percent from 15 percent previously, in line with the consensus of a Reuters poll of economists published last month. Hammond was speaking in the United States during a visit to attend an International Monetary Fund meeting and see finance industry representatives. He predicted London would keep its status as a global financial center and said most international banks were planning to keep the vast majority of their London-based staff.  EU business is only a fraction of London s total business, and we re very confident that the UK, London, will remain a global financial center,  he said. ",1
17297,Big drop in asylum seekers illegally crossing into Canada in September,"TORONTO (Reuters) - The number of asylum seekers walking across the U.S. border into Canada illegally dropped by more than two-thirds in September from August, government data showed on Monday, as officials seek to dispel myths around the country s refugee system. The decline, to 1,881 from 5,712, brings the total number of border-crossers so far this year to 15,102 - the vast majority entering the primarily French-speaking province of Quebec. The influx prompted the creation of a temporary tent encampment in Quebec and sparked a backlash from anti-migrant groups. September s drop comes after a push by Canada s federal government to correct  misinformation  in diaspora communities in the United States that Canada gives all refugee applicants permanent resident status. Canada received almost 36,000 refugee claims in the first nine months of the year, putting the country on track to have more claims this year than any since 2001. Preliminary numbers indicate many asylum seekers are succeeding in their refugee claims, which means they have a well-founded fear of persecution in their home countries.  Lawyers who have handled dozens of cases told Reuters that decision-makers, previously skeptical of claims from people who spent time in the United States, have been sympathetic toward clients who say they left fearing President Donald Trump s immigration crackdown. Acceptance rates in the first half of this year were in keeping with previous years .  Of the 300 asylum seekers processed since Sept. 5 by the Immigration and Refugee Board s dedicated team in Quebec, between 165 and 177 have been accepted, according to spokeswoman Anna Pape.  That success rate is higher than previous years  averages for Haitians, who make up the majority of asylum seekers who crossed into Quebec illegally this summer.  A lot of assumptions have been made about the refugee claimants arriving in recent months,  said Canadian Council for Refugees Executive Director Janet Dench.  We are not surprised to find that a significant proportion are found to be refugees.   The number of refugee hearings delayed due to lack of people to hear the case or places to hold the hearing rose tenfold within a year, according to refugee board statistics.  It will take an estimated 16 months for claims now in the queue to be decided, Pape said   leaving asylum seekers in limbo as they try to establish lives in Canada. Immigration and Refugee Minister Ahmed Hussen said earlier this month the government has no plans to boost the refugee board s resources. ",1
17298,Russia's Putin signs decree imposing restrictions on North Korea,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin on Monday signed a decree imposing restrictions on North Korea in order to comply with a United Nations Security Council resolution. The resolution, about special economic measures, was a response to Pyongyang s missiles tests in late 2016. ",1
17299,Russia reopens ferry route to North Korea,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Sea trips between Vladivostok, Russia and isolated North Korea have resumed after a two-month break, with the transport of cargo, the RIA news agency reported on Monday, quoting the head of the company operating the route. The North Korean-flagged Mangyonbong left the Russian port  for North Korea s Rajin on Sunday, RIA said, citing the company s director general, Vladimir Baranov. The ferry line, the only one between the two countries, was opened in May to carry cargo and passengers, predominantly Chinese tourists. It stopped operating in August, however, because the port in Vladivostok refused to provide services to the vessel after the company failed to pay for them, RIA reported citing a port official. The ferry service was launched in May in spite of calls by the United States for countries to curtail relations with Pyongyang over its nuclear and missile programs. On Monday, Katina Adams, a spokeswoman for the U.S. State Department, said Washington expected all U.N. member states, including Russia, to fully implement U.N. sanctions on North Korea and urged countries  to take additional steps to apply maximum pressure on (North Korea), including by cutting their economic and diplomatic ties.  Baranov said the ferry was carrying only cargoes and no passengers for now, though the company was in talks with the port to resume passenger traffic, RIA said. Pyongyang s nuclear tests and missile launches have stirred global tensions and prompted several rounds of international sanctions at the U.N. Security Council. Russia has condemned North Korea s weapons testing but opposes U.S.-led efforts to isolate North Korea economically. President Vladimir Putin on Monday signed a decree imposing restrictions on North Korea in order to comply with a U.N. Security Council resolution introduced in response to Pyongyang s missile tests in late 2016. ",1
17300,Spanish High Court remands in custody two Catalan separatist leaders,"MADRID (Reuters) - Spain s High Court said on Monday it had ordered that two leaders of Catalan separatist organizations be remanded in custody while they remain under investigation on suspicion of sedition. Prosecutors have alleged that Jordi Sanchez, the head of the Catalan National Assembly (ANC), and Jordi Cuixart, head of Omnium Cultural, were key to planning an Oct. 1 referendum on independence that the Spanish government considered illegal. ",1
17301,Critic of Rwanda's president asks for freedom in court,"KIGALI (Reuters) - A critic of Rwandan President Paul Kagame asked him to free her and her detained mother and sister as she stood in court on Monday charged with forgery and inciting insurrection. Diane Shima Rwigara, who was barred from running against Kagame in August elections, moved to comfort her mother Adeline and sister Anne as they cried during the hearing.  I request the president release me and my family,  she said. She told court she was  being victimized ... because I have political ambitions .  The 35-year-old accountant is accused of faking the registration papers she filed to stand in the election that Kagame went on to win with 98.8 percent of the vote. Rwigara has regularly said Kagame stifles dissent and has criticized the Rwandan Patriotic Front s (RPF) tight grip on power since it fought its way to power to end a genocide in 1994. In court, Rwigara said the government had threatened and attempted to silence her family and supporters since she announced her plan to contest the presidency in May.   Some of the supporters were told that they would be accused of working with terror groups. Some were tortured,  Rwigara said.     Prosecutor Michel Nshimiyimana told the court that he had 70 witnesses who would prove that Rwigara faked their signatures.He said some of the signatures belonged to dead people.  Diane said she was being prosecuted because of her political ambitions but we have 70 witnesses. They said they didn t sign for her nor did they know her,  he told the court.    Rwigara s mother and sister are also charged with inciting insurrection. The prosecution on Monday played audio clips and videos that it said recorded the mother talking to relatives abroad and accusing the Rwandan government of killing its people.  The family s defence attorney said the conversations were private and did not constitute crimes. Last week Rwigara s mother and sister told the court all three of them had been tortured and deprived of food as they were held in jail awaiting trial. [L8N1MO2I1] They said they were  handcuffed day and night  and kept in solitary confinement.  Their lawyer Buhuru Pierre Celestin told the court then that their confinement violated international conventions, while prosecutors said that the defendants  rights were respected.  The trial will resume on Wednesday.  ",1
17302,Trump says he believes Cuba responsible for attacks that hurt U.S. diplomats,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump said on Monday that he believes Havana is responsible for a series of incidents that Washington thinks hurt at least 22 U.S. diplomats over a period of months in Cuba, prompting Washington to scale back its presence there.  I do believe Cuba is responsible,  Trump told reporters at an impromptu news conference in the White House Rose Garden.  I do believe that. And it s a very unusual attack, as you know. But I do believe Cuba is responsible.  The United States has not formally concluded Cuba carried out the attacks, some of which involved high-pitched sounds, but it has said Havana is responsible for ensuring the safety and security of U.S. diplomatic personnel and failed to do so. At least 22 diplomatic personnel were affected by the unexplained incidents, which have caused hearing loss, dizziness, fatigue and cognitive issues. Some private U.S. travelers also have been affected. ",1
17303,U.S. condemns Venezuelan elections as neither free nor fair,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States on Monday condemned Venezuela s weekend gubernatorial elections as neither free nor fair and vowed to use its economic and diplomatic power to support Venezuelans in restoring democracy in the oil-exporting nation.  We condemn the lack of free and fair elections yesterday in Venezuela. The voice of the Venezuelan people was not heard,  State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said in a statement.  As long as the (Venezuelan President Nicolas) Maduro regime conducts itself as an authoritarian dictatorship, we will work with members of the international community and bring the full weight of American economic and diplomatic power to bear in support of the Venezuelan people as they seek to restore their democracy.  ",1
17304,Austria's conservative shift opens path to power for far right,"VIENNA (Reuters) - Austria s shift to the right in a parliamentary election has paved the way for young conservative star Sebastian Kurz to become the next leader and opened a path for the resurgent far right to return to power. The People s Party, which named 31-year-old Foreign Minister Kurz its leader only in May, secured a clear victory on Sunday with a hard line on immigration that left little space between it and the anti-Islam Freedom Party (FPO). But Kurz was still well short of a majority and only two other parties won enough seats to give him control of  parliament in a coalition. An alliance with the FPO is far from certain, but it is the most likely outcome. That prospect prompted guarded expressions of concern from European leaders including Germany s Angela Merkel, who said the FPO s strong showing was a  big challenge  for other parties in Austria. Kurz has been careful to avoid saying which coalition partner he might favor. He has said any partner must be pro-European, without saying whether that rules out the FPO, which is critical of the bloc but no longer argues against membership.  The (election) result is above all a clear victory for the European Union, it is a clear victory for us as a pro-European force,  Kurz told Reuters. His party s manifesto calls for a smaller European Commission and a streamlined EU that focuses on  core competences  such as internal trade and securing the bloc s external borders. But he declined to be drawn on specific plans. Austria was a gateway into Germany for more than a million people fleeing war and poverty in the Middle East and elsewhere during Europe s migration crisis which began in 2015.  It also took in more than one percent of its population in asylum seekers that year. Many voters feel the country was overrun then. Austria s shift to the right came after German voters last month punished Merkel s open-door policy for migrants, pushing her conservative bloc to its worst showing since 1949 and putting the far-right AfD party in parliament.  The FPO was founded by former Nazis in the 1950s and went from minnow to political heavyweight in the 1990s under the charismatic Joerg Haider, who praised Hitler s employment policies. It was one of the first far-right parties to enjoy mainstream success in Europe since World War Two.  When the FPO went into government in 2000 with the conservative party Kurz now leads, the rest of the European Union reacted with outrage and imposed sanctions on Austria . The FPO is now a sister to France s National Front and the AfD. Though on course to be one of the world s youngest leaders, Kurz is a relative veteran in government. He entered cabinet as a secretary of state for integration six years ago and has been foreign minister for the past three. He made immigration his core issue, arguing against his own coalition government s decision to throw open Austria s borders in lock step with Merkel s Germany during the migration crisis. That helped cement his reputation as a polished straight talker and make him the country s most popular politician. Kurz called an end to a coalition with the Social Democrats, prompting Sunday s election, and the two sides are at loggerheads, making a tie-up with the FPO more likely.  The race between the FPO and Chancellor Christian Kern s Social Democrats was too close to call after Sunday s count, leaving it to postal ballots   roughly a sixth of all votes cast   to tell them apart. The bulk of those ballots were expected to be counted on Monday. The FPO was ahead on Sunday but pollsters  projections showed postal ballots swinging the vote against it, as they did in last year s close-fought presidential election. With most postal votes counted, the Social Democrats had taken the lead and were ahead by 2,540 votes, with both parties on 26.6 percent, Interior Ministry data showed on Monday night.   We are not yet in the phase of coalition talks,  said Kurz, adding that he would await Thursday s final result. If the FPO had came second, it would have improved its odds of going into government with Kurz, since the Social Democrats would only consider a  coalition of losers  with the FPO if the far-right party were the junior partner. In June the Social Democrats lifted a self-imposed ban on coalitions with the FPO that had been in place for 30 years, implicitly recognizing the difficulty of forming governments without a party on course to secure more than 26 percent of Sunday s votes. After decades in parliament, the Freedom Party has sought to become increasingly mainstream, purging its ranks of overt anti-Semitism and even openly courting Jewish voters, with limited success. World Jewish Congress President Ronald Lauder, who was the U.S. ambassador to Austria from 1986 to 1987, called for the FPO to be kept out of government.  It is sad and distressing that such a platform should receive more than a quarter of the vote,  Lauder said in a statement.      ",1
17305,"May, Juncker agree to step up Brexit talks pace","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May and European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker agreed over dinner in Brussels on Monday that the pace of Brexit negotiations should be stepped up in the coming months. Describing the meeting which lasted around two hours as  constructive and friendly , a joint statement said they had  reviewed the progress made in the Article 50 negotiations so far and agreed that these efforts should accelerate over the months to come . ",1
17306,No new ski boycott: EU changes tune on Austrian right,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Seventeen winters ago, the European Union offered a very cold shoulder to a chancellor who brought Austria s far right into government, and some EU leaders even spoke of boycotting Tyrolean ski resorts in protest. On Monday, the strong chance Sebastian Kurz s center-right will invite the Freedom Party back into a Vienna coalition raised barely a murmur in Brussels. That said something about how the FPO has moved from its neo-Nazi past and a lot about how the rest of Europe has shifted rightward, especially on immigration. An Austrian government led by a man who campaigned on tough border policies and featuring the FPO would, two years ago, have been  an earthquake  for Europe, a senior EU official said. Now, following the crisis of 2015-16 in which over a million refugees and others came by sea to Greece and Italy, often then reaching Germany via Austria, critics of open doors have shifted Europe their way. Said another Brussels insider:  They ve built the theater that we are all playing in now.  A hard-nosed deal with Turkey to hold back Syrian refugees, tougher action on detaining and deporting failed asylum seekers, scaling back rescue boats and cooperation with Libyan forces  have contributed to a substantial fall in new arrivals. In Germany, where fellow travelers of the FPO damaged Chancellor Angela Merkel in an election last month, her bold welcome for refugees in 2015 has given way to support for ramped up border defenses. Congratulating the 31-year-old Kurz on Sunday s election victory, European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker alluded to concern about a eurosceptic government in Vienna. The Brussels chief executive wished him success in forming a  stable, pro-European government . Juncker s spokesman would not say that the Commission was pressing Kurz to shun the FPO, as EU leaders did when Chancellor Wolfgang Schuessel formed a coalition with the party then led by Joerg Haider in 2000. That February, nearly 18 years ago, Juncker as prime minister of Luxembourg was among the 14 EU leaders who barely spoke to Schuessel or his ministers for six months and later revised EU treaties to create powers to suspend renegade member states. There were harsh words. Belgium s foreign minister - father of its current premier Charles Michel - called on people not to take winter holidays in Austria. Yet current Belgian Foreign Minister Didier Reynders was one of many attending an EU meeting who politely congratulated their absent young Austrian colleague and said they looked forward to working with his new government. None so much as mentioned those suspension powers which the EU gave itself after their failure to change Schuessel s mind.  Fellow ministers chorused on Kurz s pro-EU credentials. His party colleague Johannes Hahn, who holds Austria s seat on Juncker s Commission said that whatever government Kurz formed would have  a very pro-European agenda because all the major political parties are very much committed to the European Union . That reflects a shift in the FPO under Heinz-Christian Strache. He has toned down hostility to the EU and distanced the party from anti-Semitism while criticizing Islam. It took the far-left leader in the European Parliament to offer anything but a mild reaction. Gabi Zimmer said the vote should  strike fear into everyone  and accused Kurz of espousing  bigotry and prejudices  to beat a party led by a  neo-Nazi .  But Kurz faces a Europe very different from the one that  ostracized Schuessel. Power has shifted to fellow conservatives, compared to 2000, when governments including those of Germany, France, Britain and Italy were in the hands of the left. EU enlargement to the ex-communist east has brought in many more leaders, such as in Poland and Hungary, who are open in their hostility to immigration, especially by Muslims. Kurz won a particularly warm tribute from his Hungarian counterpart. And more governments - French, Dutch, Nordic and now German - face the problem Schuessel had of a popular far-right party. That has contributed to a reluctance to criticize EU peers over strategies to contain such insurgencies - though leaders will be looking to Kurz to rein in the FPO, as they did when they needed to justify letting Schuessel back into their fold. That lesson, of having to climb down after rushing to the rhetorical barricades but failing to make Schuessel budge, shows up today in a hesitation to suspend Hungary or Poland for failings on democratic values. As one EU official put it:  Austria in 2000 showed us how not to go in without an exit strategy.  ",1
17307,U.S.-backed forces in final push against Islamic State Raqqa,"RAQQA, Syria (Reuters) - U.S.-backed militias battled foreign fighters defending the last pocket of Islamic State s one-time Syrian capital of Raqqa on Monday, bringing their four-month offensive for the city to the brink of victory. A Reuters correspondent saw smoke rising above the city and heard mortar fire, but did not see air strikes while in Raqqa.  A field commander of the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), an alliance of Kurdish and Arab militias, said he expected the operation to end on Monday. The U.S.-led coalition that backs them said it could not give a timeline. SDF spokesman Mostafa Bali said they were fighting Islamic State in only one small zone of Raqqa in the evening, around the city s national hospital and stadium.  Bali said he could not determine how much longer the battle would take.  The clashes are ongoing,  he added.  A convoy of Syrian Islamic State fighters quit Raqqa on Saturday night with their families, leaving only 200-300 foreign jihadists to mount a last stand, the SDF has said. The SDF is now poised to end Islamic State s rule over a city where it had launched a string of lightning victories in 2014 and plotted attacks on civilian targets across the West. Its defeat in Raqqa mirrors its collapse across Iraq and Syria, where its enemies have driven it from cities, killed its leaders in air strikes and regained the oil fields that funded its self-declared caliphate.  Islamic State lost Mosul in Iraq, its largest city and most prized possession, after months of fighting in July. The militants, which at their height ruled millions of people in both countries, are now forced back in Syria into a strip of the Euphrates valley south of Deir al-Zor and desert on each side.  We have conducted some (air) strikes in the last 24 hours, but I suspect that that will pick up here very soon with the SDF advancing into the final remaining areas of the city,  said coalition spokesman Colonel Ryan Dillon. The SDF said they gained control of six more districts on Monday. The coalition has supported the SDF with air power and special forces throughout its Raqqa campaign, which began in November with an offensive to isolate the city.  The battle inside Raqqa started in June, and the intense air strikes and street-to-street fighting drove many of its people to refugee camps and left much of the city a mess of concrete debris.   The field commander in Raqqa described Monday s fighting as  a clearing operation  and said he expected it to be completed by the end of the day with the SDF controlling the whole city.  Ilham Ahmed, a senior Kurdish leader who co-chairs the SDF s political affiliate, said earlier she expected the end of the offensive to be declared  within hours or days.  A Reuters correspondent was with an SDF sniper unit on a frontline facing the hospital complex that represents one of Islamic State s last strongholds in the city, and saw two men in camouflage clothing climb a building and raise a flag.  Cars in the streets below had loudspeakers mounted on their roofs broadcasting messages to the last Islamic State fighters telling them they would not be ill-treated if they surrendered.  Another SDF field commander, who gave his name as Ashraf Serhad, said he had heard that 250 IS fighters remained and on Sunday he had seen several vehicles leave the hospital carrying some who had surrendered.  Saturday night s convoy included about 100 IS fighters and nearly 200 family members, said Omar Alloush, a member of the Raqqa Civil Council set up under SDF auspices to run the city. The fighters who left in the convoy, as part of a deal brokered by tribal leaders, are being held by security forces before interrogation and may be tried in court, he added. The deal also allowed civilians to leave IS-held districts. Dillon said about 3,500 civilians had left the militant-held parts of the city in the past week.  The strongest group in the SDF is the YPG, a Kurdish militia that Turkey regards as an extension of the PKK, which has waged an insurgency against Ankara for three decades.  YPG influence across swathes of northern Syria including in majority Arab areas, and its backing by the U.S., has provoked disquiet in Turkey.  The U.S.-backed offensive has pushed Islamic State from most of northern Syria, while a rival offensive by the Syrian army, backed by Russia, Iran and Shi ite militias, has driven the jihadists from the central desert. When the jihadist group was entrenched in Syria and Iraq, it turned Raqqa into a planning and operations hub.  Many of its leaders were at times based there, and former hostages said Mohammed Emwazi, better known as Jihadi John, imprisoned them along with those he later executed in a building near the city.  The group killed dozens of captured Syrian soldiers there in July 2014 and made the city the site of a slave market for Yazidi women captured in Iraq and given to fighters. The coalition has said Raqqa was a center for attacks abroad, and in November 2015, after militants killed more than 130 people in Paris, France launched airstrikes on Islamic State targets in the city. But as the group defends its last patch of bomb-cratered ground in the city, the cost of the battle lies evident all around. Much of Raqqa lies ruined, hundreds of civilians have been killed, and thousands more have fled. ",1
17308,Israel says attacks Syrian unit that fired at its planes over Lebanon,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - The Israeli air force attacked a Syrian anti-aircraft battery on Monday that Israel said had fired a missile at its planes while they were on a reconnaissance mission over neighboring Lebanon. No Israeli planes were hit, Israeli military spokesman Lieutenant-Colonel Jonathan Conricus said. The counter-strike took place two hours later and  incapacitated  the anti-aircraft unit located 50 km (30 miles) east of Damascus, he said.   We know according to our intelligence it was a battery controlled by the Syrian regime and we hold the Syrian regime responsible for the fire,  Conricus said. Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu later issued a statement saying Israel would not hesitate to defend itself.  Today there was an attempt to harm our aircraft   this is unacceptable to us. The air force acted quickly and accurately to destroy what needed to be destroyed,  Netanyahu said.      Our policy is clear. Whoever tries to harm us, we will strike at him. We will continue to act in the region as is required in order to defend Israel.   But the Syrian army said it struck an Israeli warplane that had breached its air space at the Syria-Lebanon border.   The Israeli enemy this morning violated our air space... Our air defense mediums confronted it, hit one of its planes directly and forced it to flee,  the Syrian military statement said.  Over two hours later, Israel launched several missiles that hit a military position in the Damascus countryside and only caused material damage, it said. Syria s army warned Israel against the  grave consequences of repeated aggressive attempts .  Syria and Israel, while old enemies, have rarely traded blows directly since a 1974 ceasefire ended their last conventional war. Monday s incident was additionally unusual given its publication by Israel, which rarely gives details on its air force activities over Lebanon and Syria to foil suspected arms transfers to Iran-backed Hezbollah fighters.  Such missions in Syria have increased dramatically during the country s six-and-a-half-year-old civil war, Israeli officials say. All efforts, they say, are made to avoid accidental clashes with Russian forces helping Damascus beat back insurgents. Russian Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu began a visit to Israel later on Monday but did not mention the air strike during public remarks at the start of a meeting in Tel Aviv with his Israeli counterpart, Avigdor Lieberman.  I would like to talk about the things related to Syria. The operation there is close to the end. There are several problems which require urgent solution and the prospects of further development of the situation in Syria require discussion,  Shoigu said. Conricus said the Israeli military had informed Russia of its Syria strike  in real time or immediately before  it took place, and would brief Shoigu. The Lebanese army says Israeli aircraft regularly violate Lebanon s air space.  Conricus said a Syrian attack on Israeli air force planes over Lebanon was unprecedented. Syrian anti-aircraft missiles were launched at Israeli warplanes over Syria in March. They were unscathed but one of the missiles, on its descent, was intercepted by Israel s Arrow air defense system.  According to Conricus, the Syrian battery struck on Monday had carried out the launch against the Israeli planes in March. ",1
17309,Syrian refugees should return to calmer areas: Lebanon president,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanon can no longer handle vast numbers of Syrian refugees, its president said on Monday, urging world powers to help them return to the calmer parts of their war-torn homeland. More than six years into the Syrian war, 1.5 million refugees who fled the violence now account for a quarter of Lebanon s population.  Lebanese President Michel Aoun told international envoys he wanted to find ways for them to return safely but would not force people back to places where they could face persecution.  My country cannot handle it anymore,  Aoun told  representatives of the European Union, the Arab League and the five permanent members of the U.N. Security Council at a meeting in Beirut, his media office said. The long-term presence of refugees is a particularly sensitive issue in Lebanon where some politicians say the influx of mainly Sunni Syrians might destabilize the delicate sectarian balance with Christians, Shi ite Muslims and others.  As the Syrian government regains more territory from rebels and militants, calls have increased in Lebanon for Syrians to return. A series of ceasefire deals has reduced fighting to some extent in parts of western Syria.  But rights groups have warned against forcing people back to a country still at war, and refugees have often said they fear facing arrest or conscription into the army.  The U.N. refugee agency does not yet consider Syria safe for refugee to return  to. Lebanese Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri has said there can be no forced returns.  Aoun told the envoys there were parts of Syria not currently at war and territory where calm has returned, a spokesman said.   The return of displaced to stable and low-tension areas must be carried out without attaching it to reaching a political solution,  the president s Twitter account said.  Aoun said it was in the everyone s interest to solve the refugee crisis so that political, economic and social problems in Lebanon do not get out of hand.  Officials at the meeting thanked Lebanon for its generosity in hosting refugees.  They expressed their full understanding of the concerns that are being voiced,  a statement from the envoys said.   A return of refugees to their country of origin must take place in safety, dignity and voluntarily, in accordance with principles of international law,  it said. ",1
17310,"London sky turns yellow as storm blows in Saharan dust, Spanish smoke","LONDON (Reuters) - The sky over London turned an unusual shade of yellow on Monday as Storm Ophelia brought dust from the Sahara and smoke from wild fires in southern Europe that filtered out certain wavelengths of sunlight. Downgraded from a hurricane overnight, Ophelia caused two deaths in Ireland on Monday, where it was the worst storm in half a century. While winds were moderate in the British capital, the yellow sky surprised Londoners, many of whom posted pictures on social media.  As Ophelia has come up from the Azores, the storm has picked up Saharan dust from North Africa and picked up dust from wild fires in Spain and Portugal,  a spokeswoman for Britain s Met Office said.  This yellowish hue is from the dust that is high up in the atmosphere and the blue element of the sunlight is scattered by the dust but the red element gets through so the sun appears redder and you get this sort of yellowish tinge,  she said. ",1
17311,"Congo elected to U.N. rights council; Britain, U.S. unhappy","UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Democratic Republic of Congo was among 15 countries elected to the United Nations Human Rights Council for a three-year term on Monday, a moved criticized by Britain, the United States and rights groups after the vote by the 193-member General Assembly. While Congo was elected uncontested to the 47-member Geneva-based council, it still needed majority support. The country - beset by renewed political and militia violence since President Joseph Kabila refused to step down in December - won 151 votes.   Political repression, civilian attacks, mass graves. What happened in DRC last year makes their election to the Human Rights council entirely disappointing,  British U.N. Ambassador Matthew Rycroft posted on Twitter. U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley, who has called for the Human Rights Council votes to be competitive, said Congo s election harmed the credibility of the body.   Countries that aggressively violate human rights at home should not be in a position to guard the human rights of others,  Haley said in a statement.  The United States is reviewing its membership in the council. It is in the first year of a second term, but U.S. President Donald Trump s administration has called for reforms to eliminate what it called its  chronic anti-Israel bias.  Angola, Senegal, Slovakia, Ukraine, Chile, Mexico, Peru, Afghanistan, Nepal, Pakistan, Australia and Spain were also elected to the body on Monday, while Nigeria and Qatar won second terms. Their terms start on Jan. 1, 2018.  To ensure geographical representation, states are nominated in five regional categories. Four slates were uncontested, while there were five candidates for four Asia Pacific seats in which Malaysia lost. Council members cannot serve more than two consecutive terms. The council is able to rebuke governments it deems as violating human rights and to order investigations. Human Rights Watch called for elections to be competitive.   The Democratic Republic of Congo s election to the Human Rights Council is a slap in the face to the many victims of the Congolese government s grave abuses across the country,  said Louis Charbonneau, U.N. director at Human Rights Watch. The violence in eastern and central Congo has displaced over 1.5 million in the past year and revived fears of civil war in a country where conflicts from 1996-2003 resulted in millions of deaths and spawned dozens of armed groups that prey on local populations and exploit natural resources.     ",1
17312,Mexico attorney general resigns amid debate on new top prosecutor,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexico s Attorney General Raul Cervantes said on Monday that he presented President Enrique Pena Nieto with his resignation, as an intense political debate brews over the implementation of a new, autonomous anti-corruption system to replace his office.  In the coming days the Lower House (of Congress) will be discussing new initiatives related to the attorney general s office and in order to not further delay the laws that Mexico needs I ve decided to send Enrique Pena Nieto and the Senate my irrevocable resignation,  Cervantes tweeted. Opposition lawmakers have objected to allowing Cervantes to become the head of the new prosecutor general s office, a figure who will serve a nine-year term in a move away from the current system where the president nominates the attorney general. ",1
17313,McCain warns Iraq against misuse of U.S. arms against Kurds,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senator John McCain, the influential chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, warned Iraq s government on Monday of  severe consequences  over any further misuse U.S.-provided weaponry against Kurdish forces.  The United States provided equipment and training to the government of Iraq to fight (Islamic State) and secure itself from external threats   not to attack elements of one of its own regional governments, which is a longstanding and valuable partner of the United States,  McCain said.  Make no mistake, there will be severe consequences if we continue to see American equipment misused in this way.  ",1
17314,Four nations meet to resume stalled Afghan peace talks in Oman,"ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Afghanistan, China, Pakistan and the United States met in Oman on Monday to try to find ways of reviving peace talks with Afghan Taliban militants, two officials in Pakistan s foreign ministry said.  But it was not clear if any Afghan Taliban had joined the talks, which have so far failed to restart a tentative process that collapsed in 2015.  Taliban sources had previously said they would stay away from the discussions in Muscat, casting doubt on prospects for reviving long-stalled negotiations. The Pakistani officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to disclose the information, said the talks had resumed on Pakistan s initiative. The Pakistani team was led by Foreign Secretary Tehmina Janjua. There was no immediate comment from the United States, China or Afghanistan about the talks resuming. The four-nation Quadrilateral Coordination Group (QGC), comprising Afghanistan, China, Pakistan and the United States, which last met in Islamabad early last year, has been trying to ease the path to direct talks between the Afghan government and the Taliban, with little success. Amin Waqad, a close aide to Agfhan President Ashraf Ghani and a senior member of the High Peace Council (HPC), said last week his country would participate in the Muscat meeting, and that the Taliban representatives would also be there.  The Taliban denied that they had received any invitation. Efforts to kick-start negotiations have failed due to the Taliban s refusal to attend talks after their last leader Mullah Akhtar Mansur was killed in a U.S. drone strike in Pakistan last year.     The United States wants Pakistan, which it accuses of harbouring Afghan Taliban commanders, to exert more influence on the group to bring them to the negotiating table. Pakistani officials deny sheltering Taliban militants and say their influence on the group has waned. ",1
17315,From Haider to Strache - the FPO's march to respectability in Austria,"VIENNA (Reuters) - Founded by former Nazis six decades ago, Austria s far-right Freedom Party (FPO) long ago left the political fringes to establish itself as a mainstream party that could now return to power following a strong showing in Sunday s election. The anti-immigration and anti-Islam party is often associated abroad with its former firebrand leader Joerg Haider, who praised Hitler s employment policies. But the FPO under Heinz-Christian Strache - its leader since the ousting of Haider in 2005 - has broad support in Austria. It led opinion polls for months before Sebastian Kurz seized control of the conservative People s Party in May and rode it to victory in Sunday s parliamentary election.  Kurz has not yet named his preferred coalition partner, but the FPO could well emerge as kingmaker. The FPO, which helps govern in two provincial and several local governments, says Kurz hijacked its hardline stance on immigration and curtailing social benefits for foreigners.  One thing is clear: nearly 60 percent of the Austrian population voted for the FPO program,  Strache said after winning more than a quarter of the vote to the conservatives  nearly 32 percent, according to projections. The FPO s performance has worried leftist and liberal Austrians, some of the country s European Union partners - including German Chancellor Angela Merkel - and the World Jewish Congress, though the party today denies being anti-Semitic or anti-EU.  The FPO today is much more radical than it was when it last entered government with the (People s Party) OVP in 2000, but as society as a whole has shifted to the right it is not that obvious,  said Andreas Peham, analyst at the Documentation Center of Austrian Resistance that researches the far-right.      In 2000, the EU imposed sanctions on Austria over the FPO s joining the government. Such a step seems unlikely today, given populist movements in Europe that drove Britain from the EU and put a far-right party, the Alternative for Germany (AfD), into the German parliament. On Monday AfD leader Joerg Meuthen hailed the FPO s result, saying:  Among European parties the FPO is certainly the one closest to us.  ANTI-IMMIGRANT Like the AfD in Germany s Sept 24 election, the FPO  benefited from public unease about a large influx of mostly Muslim migrants and asylum seekers into Europe. Austria took in about 1 percent of its population in asylum seekers in 2015, boosting support for the FPO even among long-time immigrants.  The FPO is focusing on asylum policy, not on foreigners,  said Margarethe Schramek, a 51-year-old nurse who said many of her friends from Poland and ex-Yugoslavia also voted for the far right in Sunday s election.   You cannot ignore the people. You are not a Nazi just because you vote for the FPO,  said Schramek.         Strache has worked for years to sharpen the party s focus from broadly anti-foreigner to fiercely anti-Islam.  Not every Muslim is a terrorist, but nearly every terrorist in Europe in years past was a radical Islamist,  he has said.  Strache insists that anti-Semites have no place in today s FPO, which routinely has to expel members who step over the line. He has visited the Yad Vashem Holocaust memorial in Jerusalem and has called anti-Semitism a crime. The FPO portrays itself as the only alternative to Austria s entrenched duopoly of the Social Democrats and conservatives, denouncing them as elitists unwilling to impose reforms. The FPO, savvy with social media, nearly got its candidate elected as Austria s president last year, but has lost some of its appeal since 31-year-old Kurz took control of the OVP. FPO supporters, until 1986 largely rural, have changed significantly, polls suggest. Like other populist parties in Europe, it has managed to mobilize less well-educated younger voters who feel left behind by globalization.  The FPO s position towards the European Union has changed often. Its lawmakers voted against joining the EU in a 1994 referendum and suggested holding a referendum on Austria s continued membership after Britain s vote to leave last year.  But it has since curbed its anti-EU rhetoric and now professes to be pro-Europe but wants Brussels to hand back more power to member states.  It (the FPO) has no interest in an anti-EU policy in the medium term,  said political analyst Peter Filzmaier.  They know they wouldn t get any support for it in Austria, and they have no interest in being demonised internationally.  ",1
17316,China needs tougher clean fuel targets to meet Paris climate pact: report,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China will have to launch more ambitious renewable energy and non-fossil fuel targets and ramp up efforts to enforce them to avoid missing global climate accord requirements, two government think tanks said on Monday.  China s capacity for renewable energy, including hydro, wind and solar, will significantly exceed Beijing s own target set in the five-year plan to 2020, according to the report jointly issued by China National Renewable Energy Centre (CNREC) and the Energy Research Institute of Academy of Macroeconomic Research. The world s top energy consumer pledged to install 340 gigawatts (GW) of hydropower capacity, 210 GW of wind and 110 GW solar by 2020 in the five-year plan.  But to meet commitments agreed to in 2015 in the Paris global pact to fight climate change, China should raise its target for non-fossil fuel to 26 percent of its total energy mix from a current target of 15 percent by 2020, the report said.   The Paris agreement of reducing the global temperature by two degrees puts pressure on the short-term energy transition from coal and oil to non-fossil fuels,  said Wang Zhongying, deputy director general at CNREC. China, the world s second-largest economy, overtook the United States as the world s biggest emitter of greenhouse gases in 2007.  China pledged to bring its carbon emissions to a peak by 2030 or earlier as part of a joint pledge made with the United States ahead of the 2015 Paris talks.  If current government policy is enforced properly, non-fossil fuels should account for 60 percent of energy supply by 2050, higher than an official government target of reducing coal alone to just half, the report said.  Still, getting stranded clean power in the west to urban users has been a major headache for the government as Beijing seeks wean the nation off coal, the nation s favorite fuel. An official at the National Energy Administration said at the conference on Monday he reckons the country will solve the problem of wasted energy by 2020.  Chinese authorities have been striving to improve energy efficiency and upgrade energy infrastructure by introducing measures including national carbon trade, green certificates and promoting energy storage systems.   (But) to ensure compliance with the Paris agreement, strong support to renewable energy deployment is needed on both the national and local levels,  said Wang. ",1
17317,South Sudan opposition groups meet in Kenya to 'harmonize voices',"KAMPALA (Reuters) - South Sudanese opposition groups tried to forge a united front on Monday ahead of an expected resumption of peace talks, in the first such meeting since the start of their country s civil war nearly four years ago, attendees told Reuters. South Sudan s civil war, triggered by a feud between President Salva Kiir and his former deputy, has plunged parts of the world s youngest nation into famine and forced a third of the population - some four million people - to flee their homes.  Representatives of South Sudan s many armed and unarmed opposition groups met in the Kenyan town of Nyahururu, said Kosti Manibe, a former government minister who was briefly jailed and represents a group of ex-political prisoners.  I call it like-minded groups who are opposed to the policy that the regime of Salva in (South Sudan s capital) Juba is pursuing,  Manibe said.  The gathering, expected to last three days, comes after diplomats from the regional bloc IGAD held talks with Kiir in Juba at the weekend to press the government to participate in the planned peace talks in December.  The opposition is speaking in a cacophony of voices. There is a need to harmonize these voices,  said Majak D Agoot, another member of the former prisoner group. Manibe said Kenya s government had   graciously allowed  the opposition groups to meet in their country, without elaborating. Kenyan foreign affairs ministry spokesman Edwin Limo said he was not aware of the meeting. The United Nations says South Sudan s civil war has resulted in ethnic cleansing and other war crimes. A Western-backed peace deal between Kiir and his former deputy Riek Machar collapsed last year, spawning the creation of new armed and political groups opposing the government. Machar s SPLA-IO rebel group, the country s largest which still controls swathes of territory in the south and northeast of South Sudan, declined to attend the Nyahururu meeting, according to Nathaniel Oyet, a senior member of the group, saying it may distract from the December talks.  Oyet also cited security concerns in Kenya where SPLA-IO officials have disappeared in the last year, including Machar s spokesman who was arrested and deported to Juba in 2016. Among those attending Monday s meeting in Kenya were representatives of former army general Thomas Cirillo, who is waging an insurgency in the southern region of South Sudan, and other former government officials Lam Akol, Gabriel Changson, and Joseph Bakosoro, all of whom live in exile. South Sudanese government officials were unavailable for comment on the Kenya meeting. ",1
17318,"EU defends Iran deal despite Trump, appeals to U.S. Congress","LUXEMBOURG (Reuters) - The European Union on Monday reaffirmed its support for a 2015 nuclear deal between Iran and world powers despite sharp criticism of the accord by President Donald Trump, and it urged U.S. lawmakers not to reimpose sanctions on Tehran. Trump defied both U.S. allies and adversaries on Friday by refusing to formally certify that Tehran is complying with the accord, even though international inspectors say it is, and said he might ultimately terminate the agreement. EU foreign ministers meeting in Luxembourg said a failure to uphold an international agreement backed by the U.N. Security Council could have serious consequences for regional peace, and also undermine efforts to check North Korea s nuclear ambitions.  As Europeans together, we are very worried that the decision of the U.S. president could lead us back into military confrontation with Iran,  German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel told reporters. After a closed-door meeting chaired by EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini on Iran, the ministers issued a joint statement saying the 2015 deal was key to preventing the global spread of nuclear weapons.  The EU is committed to the continued full and effective implementation of all parts of the JCPOA,  it said, referring to the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, the formal name of the accord with Iran agreed in July 2015 in Vienna.  Trump meanwhile renewed his criticism of the accord, and raised the possibility he might try to end it completely.   We ll see what phase two is. Phase two might be positive, and it might be very negative. It might be a total termination. That s a very real possibility. Some would say that s a great possibility,  the U.S. president said in Washington. He repeated his contention that the JCPOA was  a horrible deal for the United States.  EU foreign ministers said the accord was crucial to opening up Iran s $400-billion economy and finding a new market for European investors. Unlike the United States, the EU saw relations with Iran flourish in the late 1990s until revelations about Tehran s nuclear plans in 2002.   Non-proliferation is a major element of world security and rupturing that would be extremely damaging,  French Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian told reporters.  We hope that Congress does not put this accord in jeopardy.   Mogherini said she would travel to Washington early next month to try to muster support for the accord.  The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) says Iran is complying with its commitments under the accord, which Trump has branded  the worst deal ever negotiated . The EU still has sanctions in place against members of Iran s Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, a major target of Trump s criticism. The EU ministers also discussed on Monday Iran s ballistic missile program, which they want to see dismantled. Tehran says that program is purely defensive. Negotiated after 12 years of talks, the accord with Iran is the most significant diplomatic success for the bloc in several decades.  Many worry that the EU s reputation as an honest broker in a host of future conflicts may not recover if the U.S. Congress reimposes sanctions on Iran and causes the deal - which had the  strong backing of Trump s predecessor Barack Obama - to unravel. Most U.N. and Western sanctions were lifted more than 18 months ago under the deal, though Tehran is still subject to a U.N. arms embargo, which is not part of the deal. EU foreign ministers also approved a new batch of economic sanctions on North Korea after its atomic test last month that included an oil embargo and investment ban. But some still hold out hope of repeating the Iran nuclear deal with Pyongyang at some future date. Sweden is one of only seven EU countries with an embassy in Pyongyang and its foreign minister, Margot Wallstrom, reiterated that Stockholm could be counted on to help negotiate if asked. But Germany s Gabriel warned that Trump s decision not to certify the Iran accord could scupper such hopes, a position echoed by Mogherini, although she stressed that no such EU mediation was underway.  My concern is that, if we want to talk to North Korea now, the possible end for the nuclear deal with Iran would jeopardize the credibility of such treaties,  Gabriel said.      ",1
17319,"U.S. military, in Iraq, urges Iraqis, Kurds to avoid escalation","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. military said on Monday its commanders in Iraq were urging Iraqi and Kurdish forces to avoid escalation and played down reports of fighting, after Iraqi government forces responded to a Kurdish vote on independence by capturing the Kurdish-held city of Kirkuk. Pentagon spokesman Colonel Robert Manning declined to speculate on whether the United States might cut off military aid and training to Iraqi forces in the event a major conflict, saying:  I m not going to speculate on that but I will tell you that we re looking at all options for planning considerations ... We encourage dialogue.  ",1
17320,Croatian police detain eight former executives at Agrokor,"ZAGREB (Reuters) - Croatian police arrested eight former senior executives of Agrokor[AGROK.UL] in a series of raids on Monday as part of an investigation into alleged financial irregularities at the heavily indebted food producer and retail conglomerate.  The state prosecutor s office DORH said in a statement the investigation targeted 15 individuals  suspected of economic crimes and fraud . Local media reported that some 300 police officers were engaged in the operation. DORH did not issue any official statement after the arrests but local media said those detained would be taken to DORH premises for questioning on Tuesday. Among those arrested were Ivan Crnjac, Agrokor s former deputy finance and strategy president, and Ljerka Puljic, the ex-supervisory board member and top aide of founder Ivica Todoric, as well as the board member Tomislav Lucic, the state news agency HINA said. The police also detained Agrokor s former management members Piruska Canjuga and Damir Kustrak, former vice-president Mislav Galic and another two executives, Marijan Alagu i  and Alojzije Pand i . Todoric s lawyer, Jadranka Slokovic, said that his residence was also raided but she could not provide any more details. She said the arrests of Agrokor s former executives was  the start of a  political showdown with Todoric,  HINA reported. But Prime Minister Andrej Plenkovic dismissed such allegations, saying:  There is no political persecution.   It is in our utmost interest to fully disentangle this issue. It is important to establish its causes and consequences and how to proceed further,  Plenkovic added. Agrokor, the biggest employer in the Balkans with around 60,000 staff, was put into state-run administration in April  after suffering a liquidity and debt crisis. Todoric said in a blog post on Monday he was not currently available but was willing to put himself at the disposal of the judiciary and a parliamentary commission. He denied any wrongdoing by himself or his associates. Croatian lawmakers approved the appointment of a parliamentary commission to investigate how Agrokor ran into trouble, after crisis manager Ante Ramljak said he had pressed for criminal charges against those responsible for financial irregularities. [L8N1MH1ZY]  An audit ordered by the company s state-appointed management and performed by PricewaterhouseCoopers (PWC), also showed a net loss in 2015 of 3.6 billion kuna ($565 million) against a net profit of 1.2 billion kuna released by the previous management. In the audit the value of Agrokor s net worth for 2015 and 2016 was reduced by 22 billion kuna.   Agrokor has yet to say how much it owes. Creditors include suppliers, bondholders and banks, with the biggest portion of debt, around 1.1 billion euros ($1.30 billion), held by Russia s Sberbank, creditors have said.   ",1
17321,"Turkey to close air space to Northern Iraq, work with Baghdad on border","ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey said on Monday it would close its air space to Iraq s semi-autonomous Kurdish region and work to hand control of the main border crossing into the region to the central Iraqi government. The attempt to put the Habur border gate under control of the Iraqi central government signals a change of policy from Ankara, which had previously threatened to close the gate after Kurds in northern Iraq voted for independence. The Habur gate is the main transit point between Turkey and Iraq s semi-autonomous Kurdish Regional Government. The Sept. 25 referendum, in which Kurds in northern Iraq voted overwhelmingly in favor of independence, has alarmed Baghdad, Iraq s neighbors and Western powers, all of whom fear further regional conflict could arise from the vote. Ankara, which has been battling a three-decade insurgency in its own mainly Kurdish southeast, fears an independent Kurdish state on its borders would heighten separatist tension at home.   Planes going to or coming from the Kurdistan Regional Government will not be able to use Turkish air space,  government spokesman Bekir Bozdag told a news conference following a cabinet meeting where the decisions were taken.  The cabinet has decided to start work on handing over the control of Habur border gate to the Iraqi government,  he added. Turkey tightened controls at the Habur border gate in the immediate aftermath of the referendum and suspended flights to northern Iraq. It has also held joint military exercises with Iraqi troops on the border. However, it has not yet implemented threats to impose wider sanctions on the Kurdish region or to cut off the hundreds of thousands of barrels of Kurdish oil exported daily via Turkey to world markets. The cabinet decision followed a meeting of Turkey s security council, which was chaired by President Tayyip Erdogan and had advised the cabinet to take such steps. The cabinet also took the advice of the security council and extended for another three months the state of emergency which was imposed after the failed coup attempt in July 2016. The extension for a fifth term will ensure that Turkey will have spent nearly one and a half years under emergency rule.  ",1
17322,Italy presents low-key budget ahead of 2018 elections,"ROME (Reuters) - Italy s government approved on Monday a low-key 2018 budget which includes measures to raise youth employment, tackle poverty and encourage investments ahead of an election in the spring.  The financial package aims to lower the budget deficit to 1.6 percent of gross domestic product (GDP) from a targeted 2.1 percent this year, while avoiding painful pre-election belt-tightening measures. Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni s task has been made easier by stronger-than-expected economic growth and low interest rates which reduce the cost of servicing Italy s huge public debt   the highest in the euro zone after Greece s.      The budget certifies that the Italian economy is at a turning point and it contains resources aimed to reinforce the turnaround,  Economy Minister Pier Carlo Padoan told reporters. The package will now be sent to the European Commission for review and at the same time begin its passage through parliament, where it must be approved by the end of the year. It is likely to be one of the last pieces of legislation passed by parliament before the president dissolves the upper and lower houses and calls the election. Last month the government increased its GDP growth forecast for this year to 1.5 percent from 1.1 percent, and hiked next year s outlook to 1.5 percent from 1.0 percent. The debt-to-GDP ratio is targeted to edge down in 2018 to 130.0 percent from a targeted 131.6 percent this year. Overall, the budget is expansionary because, according to the Treasury s estimates, if current policies had been left unchanged the deficit would have fallen to 1.0 percent of GDP next year rather than 1.6 percent. However, Italy is constrained by its massive debt which precluded a give-away pre-election package. Most of the resources available were used to avoid increases in sales tax which had been previously pencilled in for next year. Padoan said the measures  might seem modest,  but were  well targeted,  while Gentiloni, in typically understated tones, called it  a slim budget that will be useful for our economy.  The European Commission is expected to sign off on the package even though Italy hiked the deficit target previously agreed with Brussels, as it has done repeatedly in recent years. Public finance disputes with Brussels may intensify after  next year s election. All the main parties say they will raise the budget deficit rather than reduce it as the European Union s fiscal rules prescribe. In an effort to tackle a youth unemployment rate of almost 40 percent, the budget offers a 3-year reduction in the pension contributions of companies that hire people under the age of 35 on regular, open-ended contracts. It also offers tax breaks for firms that invest in new machinery, increases income support for the poor, and sets aside funds to raise public salaries for the first time in almost a decade and hire 1,500 university researchers, Padoan said. Extra revenue for the state will come from a partial amnesty for people who settle tax disputes with the authorities by paying a discounted sum. Gentiloni appealed to parliament to show a  sense of responsibility  in approving the budget, after a leftist group last week said he could no longer count on its support following a political row over a new electoral law. However, a majority is likely to be found to back the budget to clear the way for elections now widely expected in March.  ",1
17323,Death toll in collision between Tunisian navy and migrant boat reaches 34,"TUNIS (Reuters) - Tunisia s navy has recovered 26 more bodies of Tunisian migrants who drowned when their boat sank last week in a collision with a navy vessel, bringing the death toll from the incident to 34. The incident has caused anger in Tunisia where the families of some of the migrants who drowned protested in two towns. In the southern town of Kebili, protesters burned a local government building last week. Last Monday, the navy recovered eight bodies after the collision 54 km (33 miles) off the coast, while 38 were rescued. The navy found 16 more bodies on Monday after recovering 10 more on Sunday, a navy spokesman said.  According to testimony from survivors, there were between 70 and 80 people on board, the International Organization for Migration has said. The number of migrants trying to reach Italy by boat has shot up in recent weeks as unemployed young people seek to escape poverty. Tunisia has been praised as an example of democratic transition since the overthrow of former president Zine El-Abidine Ben Ali in 2011 but young many young people lack job opportunities. ",1
17324,Britain and France to work to enforce Iran nuclear deal: UK PM May's office,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain and France are firmly committed to a 2015 Iranian nuclear deal and will work to ensure it is enforced, British Prime Minister Theresa May s office said on Monday after she spoke to French President Macron.  May and Macron discussed U.S. President Donald Trump s decision to not recertify the deal and said that France and Britain would work together to  push back on Iran s destabilizing activity in the region,  May s office said in a statement after the phonecall. ",1
17325,Two Turkish soldiers killed in northern Iraq: military statement,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Two Turkish soldiers were killed on Monday in northern Iraq by an improvised explosive device, the Turkish Armed Forces said in a statement. The military also said that eight militants were killed in air raids, which followed a clash between the armed forces and militants. Turkish media previously reported that two soldiers were killed in Turkey s southeastern province of Hakkari, near the Iraqi border. ",1
17326,Significant gaps remain in bid to restore Northern Irish power-sharing: UK PM May's office,"LONDON (Reuters) - Significant gaps still remain between parties attempting to restore Northern Ireland s power-sharing administration, British Prime Minister Theresa May s office said on Monday after she  spoke with Irish counterpart Leo Varadkar. May and Varadkar agreed in a phonecall that it was in the interests of everyone that the executive was restored, but differences remained over issues such as the Irish language. Northern Ireland has been without a devolved administration since its collapse in January, raising the prospect of direct rule being re-imposed from London. ",1
17327,UK concerned by implications of U.S. decision on Iran deal: minister,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain is concerned by the implications of U.S. President Donald Trump s decision not to recertify an international agreement on Iran s nuclear program, junior foreign office minister Alistair Burt told parliament on Monday.  The government takes note of President Trump s decision not to recertify the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), and is concerned by the implications,  Burt said. ",1
17328,UK PM May heads to Brussels expecting 'constructive' meeting: spokesman,"LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May is expecting a  constructive  meeting in Brussels on Monday with senior European Union officials as part of her attempt to achieve a smooth exit from the bloc, her spokesman said on Monday.  May will meet EU Commission head Jean-Claude Juncker and chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier at 1630 GMT for talks over dinner after deadlock in Brexit talks appeared to dash her hopes that an EU leaders  summit later this week could launch negotiations on future trade ties. The meeting comes after May attempted to revive talks last month in a speech in Florence, where she promised Britain would honor its EU commitments.  This is about reflecting upon Florence and the constructive way it s been received and that we want to continue to move forward in a constructive manner,  the spokesman told reporters. When asked if May would flesh out details of what Britain is prepared to offer in terms of a financial settlement, the spokesman said:  The PM set out her position in the Florence speech in relation to the settlement, and that s where we are.  May will also speak to French President Emmanuel Macron and Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar on Monday, the spokesman said. ",1
17329,"EU maintains summit gesture to May, with conditions","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - European Union leaders will agree this week to start preparing internally for talks with Britain on a post-Brexit transition, according to a new draft summit statement that spells out conditions which London must meet before negotiations start. The draft [L8N1MR56R], seen by Reuters on Monday, was circulated by summit chair Donald Tusk to the 27 other member governments for discussion by ministers on Tuesday, ahead of a summit with British Prime Minister Theresa May on Thursday and Friday. Following objections from heavyweight powers Germany and France to a first draft last week, the text somewhat hardens up the requirement that London meet conditions set by the EU and softens any suggestion that it is a foregone conclusion that leaders will agree to launch trade talks in December. However, it retains an instruction for EU officials to  start internal preparatory discussions  on how the EU would negotiate a transition and future trade relationship. That, officials say, could save weeks of delay if a December summit does indeed give a green light to a second phase of talks.      ",1
17330,EU imposes oil embargo on North Korea in symbolic gesture,"LUXEMBOURG (Reuters) - The European Union banned the sale of oil and oil products to North Korea on Monday, in a largely symbolic move aimed at encouraging countries that have more significant levels of trade with the country to follow suit. EU foreign ministers also imposed a blanket ban on doing business with North Korea in sanctions that go beyond the latest U.N. measures. The EU does not sell oil to Pyongyang.  Following North Korea s most powerful nuclear test, the U.N. Security Council capped North Korean imports of crude oil, but China and Russia resisted an outright ban. EU ministers cited  the persistent threat to international peace and stability  posed by Pyongyang. As part of the measures, North Korean workers in the EU - estimated to be about 400, mainly in Poland - now face a lower limit on the amount for money they can send home and their work visas will not be renewed once they expire.  The sanctions add three more top North Korean officials and six businesses to a blacklist banning them from travel to the EU and freezing their assets.  That will take the total of those sanctioned by the EU to 41 individuals and 10 companies, a senior EU official said. U.N. sanctions target 63 people and 53 companies and institutions.        ",1
17331,Turkish cabinet agrees to close air space to Northern Iraq,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey s cabinet agreed on Monday to close its air space to  Kurdish-controlled northern Iraq and said work had started to hand over the main land border crossing into the autonomous region to the central Iraqi government.  Government spokesman Bekir Bozdag also said the cabinet approved a recommendation from the national security council, chaired by President Tayyip Erdogan, to extend a state of emergency imposed after last year s failed coup by another three months. ",1
17332,Scotland sees progress in Brexit talks with London but still objects to bill,"EDINBURGH (Reuters) - The British and Scottish executives have made progress in talks on how to share powers after Brexit, they said on Monday, but Edinburgh still objects to the central government s proposed law on withdrawing from the European Union. Scotland, which has a semi-autonomous parliament and executive with powers over specific policy areas, has been seeking assurances from the United Kingdom s central government over the status of those powers after Brexit. The sides held talks in London on Monday along with representatives of Wales, which also has devolved institutions.  We have been able to make some progress, including agreeing general principles that should ensure the role of the Scottish parliament in any potential UK- or GB-wide frameworks,  said Michael Russell, Scotland s Brexit minister, after the talks. The British government s minister for Scotland, David Mundell, said the parties had moved in a positive direction.  We have taken a major step today by agreeing a set of principles on how we will move forward with the powers returning to the UK from Brussels,  he said. But Russell also said that the Scottish executive, which is run by the Scottish National Party, still objected to the Conservative British government s proposed EU withdrawal bill currently making its way through the UK s central parliament. The bill, a pillar of the central government s strategy for delivering an orderly Brexit, is designed to convert all existing EU laws into domestic ones so that there is clarity after the separation occurs in March 2019. But it has raised hackles in Edinburgh and Cardiff, which currently control policy areas such as health, education, transport and agriculture, because it does not make clear what the status of those devolved powers will be after Brexit.  We remain unable to recommend the Scottish Parliament consent to the EU Withdrawal Bill as currently drafted and will not be able to do so until the power grab is removed from the bill,  said Russell.  I have and will continue to press for the amendments suggested by ourselves and the Welsh Government to be accepted, removing the power grab and providing a clear solution that respects devolution.  Under Britain s constitution, the UK parliament must seek consent from the Scottish and Welsh assemblies when legislating on policy areas that overlap with their devolved powers.  While Edinburgh and Cardiff do not have veto powers over the Brexit bill, ignoring their wishes would mark a new low in already tetchy relations with London. That could give an incentive to the UK government to incorporate at least some of the Scottish and Welsh amendments to avoid the embarrassment of a constitutional clash. ",1
17333,Germany's Merkel suffers state vote setback as coalition talks loom,"BERLIN/HANOVER (Reuters) - Germany s Social Democrats (SPD) defeated Angela Merkel s conservatives in a vote in the northern state of Lower Saxony on Sunday, a setback for the chancellor as she prepares for tricky coalition talks at the national level this week. The SPD, which has governed the swing state home to carmaker Volkswagen (VOWG_p.DE) with the Greens for four years, won 37.3 percent, well up from 32.6 percent in the last election there in 2013, according to projections on public broadcaster ARD. Merkel s Christian Democrats (CDU) took 33.4 percent of the vote in the rich agricultural state which has around six million eligible voters, down from 36 percent in 2013. Disgruntled with Merkel s liberal migrant policy, Germans abandoned her party in droves in September s national election to hand the conservatives their worst result since 1949. If confirmed, Sunday s result would be the poorest showing for the CDU in Lower Saxony in 58 years, further weakening Merkel as she tries to put together an alliance with the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) and environmentalist Greens. Those parties will this week begin discussions about entering a marriage of convenience untested at the federal level that could drag into 2018. Peter Tauber, the CDU s secretary general, said all three parties involved in national coalition talks had lost support in Lower Saxony, but dismissed the idea that the state vote would have a big impact on the talks.  It wouldn t be wise to think this will weigh us down,  he said.  We have a clear mandate and we take that very seriously and we are talking about serious and important topics ... that s why we re now talking seriously and looking forward.  The projections showed the environmentalist Greens, currently junior coalition partner to the SPD in Lower Saxony, on 8.9 percent. The liberal Free Democrats (FDP) won 7.4 percent. Both performed considerably worse than in 2013. The far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD) cleared the 5-percent threshold to enter parliament with 6.2 percent - albeit far weaker than the 12.6 percent it scored nationally in September. Merkel s poor showing in September, along with the SPD s insistence on going into opposition, left her with no viable option other than a  Jamaica  coalition, so named because the three parties  colors correspond with the black, yellow and green of Jamaica s flag. It means the prospective partners will need to overcome huge differences on issues ranging from immigration to European Union reform, tax and environmental protection. Katrin Goering-Eckhardt, leader of the Greens in parliament, said forming a coalition would not be easy:  It remains difficult but we can at least get started.  A deal brokered last weekend between Merkel s CDU and its conservative Bavarian sister party, the CSU, to cap the number of immigrants is likely to be hard for the Greens to swallow. Merkel has acknowledged the difficulties ahead but added that  unusual combinations can of course bring the opportunity to find some solutions to things that had seemed unsolvable until now .  So now we need to put our noses to the grindstone,  she said on the campaign trail in Lower Saxony on Thursday. An SPD-Green coalition has ruled the state for four years, but lost its majority when a Greens lawmaker defected to the CDU, triggering a snap election.   Lower Saxony s incumbent SPD premier Stephan Weil said he would talk to all parties except the AfD about forming a coalition. It was the first time the SPD has been the biggest party in the state since 1998. Turnout was about 63 percent, according to broadcaster ARD - higher than in 2013. Sunday s win was the first victory for the SPD under Martin Schulz, who was nominated as its leader in January and suffered three state election defeats earlier this year and then the SPD s worst national result in the post-war era in September. ",1
17334,Merkel says not weakened in coalition talks by state-level defeat,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel on Monday dismissed the idea that her Christian Democrats  (CDU) defeat in a regional election had made her already tricky job of forming a three-way national coalition even harder. It was sufficiently hard enough anyway, she said. Still reeling from their worst national result since 1949 in September s national election, Merkel s conservatives slumped to 33.6 percent in the northern state of Lower Saxony, their poorest showing in the rich agricultural province in nearly six decades.  I don t see the Lower Saxony election result as weakening us in this (coalition) task,  Merkel said, adding that regional issues had played a big role in the campaign there. The Social Democrats (SPD) won the vote in Lower Saxony - home to carmaker Volkswagen (VOWG_p.DE), which is enmeshed in a diesel emissions scandal - with 36.9 percent, despite lagging far behind the conservatives when campaigning began in August. Education was one of the key campaign topics. Three weeks after her poor national showing, Merkel is about to begin what look set to be thorny coalition discussions with the liberal Free Democrats (FDP) and the Greens on forming a  Jamaica  alliance - so named because the parties  colors correspond with those of the Jamaican flag. Merkel said her conservative bloc was heading into the talks knowing it was the strongest of the three groups, while acknowledging negotiations would be challenging.  We ll have sufficient conflicts anyway. No one is under any illusions about that,  Merkel said. Policy areas over which the three parties are expected to clash include migration, climate and the euro zone. Greens co-leader Simone Peter said the talks would be tough due to the parties  vastly diverging programs, adding:  We must now pull ourselves together and see if coalition negotiations are possible or not.  The conservatives will meet the FDP and Greens separately on Wednesday and then hold three-way discussions on Friday. Merkel said she expected the exploratory talks - an initial stage during which parties decide whether to go ahead with full-blown coalition negotiations - to last several weeks because the  Jamaica  alliance,  untested at the national level, was  an extraordinary political constellation . Horst Seehofer, head of the Christian Social Union (CSU) - the CDU s Bavarian sister party - said the time before Christmas needed to be used to form a stable government but his colleague Alexander Dobrindt was skeptical:  Whether it succeeds, whether a government is formed, is yet to be seen,  he said. Carsten Nickel, deputy research director at Teneo Intelligence, said the weak CDU result would particularly worry the CSU, which faces a regional election next year.  The CSU will fear that Lower Saxony demonstrates that the popular backlash against Merkel s choices in the 2015 migration crisis is not yet over,  he said, referring to her decision to operate an open-borders policy that allowed more than a million migrants to enter Germany. After the anti-immigrant Alternative for Germany (AfD) took almost a million voters from the conservative bloc in September s national election, the sister conservative parties put a long-running internal dispute to bed by agreeing to limit numbers of migrants coming to Germany. ",1
17335,Death toll from Somalia bomb attacks tops 300,"MOGADISHU (Reuters) - More than 300 people were killed by twin bomb explosions in Mogadishu, an official said on Monday, as locals packed hospitals in search of friends and relatives caught by Somalia s deadliest attack in a decade. The death toll has steadily risen since Saturday, when the blasts struck at two busy junctions in the heart of the capital city. One truck bomb detonated near a fuel truck, creating an enormous fireball. The bomb attacks were the deadliest since Islamist militant group al Shabaab began an insurgency in 2007. Al Shabaab has not claimed responsibility, but the method and type of attack - a large truck bomb - is increasingly used by the al Qaeda-linked organization.  We have confirmed 300 people died in the blast. The death toll will still be higher because some people are still missing,  Abdikadir Abdirahman, the director of the city s ambulance service, told Reuters. Aden Nur, a doctor at the city s Madina hospital, said they had recorded 258 deaths and that 160 of the bodies could not be recognized.   (They)were buried by the government yesterday. The others were buried by their relatives. Over a hundred injured were also brought here,  he told Reuters at the hospital. Some of the injured were being evacuated by air to Turkey for treatment, officials said. Locals visiting their injured relatives or collecting their bodies filled every available space in Madina hospital.  My last time to speak with my brother was some minutes before the blast occurred,  Halima Nur, a local mother, told Reuters.  I am afraid he was among the unrecognized charred bodies that were buried yesterday. I have no hope of getting him alive or dead. But I cannot go home.  Abdullahi Aden, 56, said five of his cousins had died.   The shop completely collapsed on them. I could not help them. I could not hear their screams and the nearby buildings were burning,  he said. He was still searching for two other relatives. Al Shabaab stages regular attacks in the capital and other parts of the country. Although the group claims it targets the government and security forces, it has detonated large bombs in crowded public areas before.  It has sometimes not claimed responsibility for bombings that provoked a big public backlash, like the 2009 suicide bombing of a graduation ceremony for medical students.  The group is waging an insurgency against Somalia s U.N.-backed government and its African Union allies in a bid to impose its own strict interpretation of Islam. The militants were driven out of Mogadishu in 2011 and have been steadily losing territory. But Al Shabaab retains the capacity to mount large bomb attacks. Over the past three years, the number of civilians killed by insurgent bombings has steadily climbed as al Shabaab increases the size of its bombs. In 2016, 723 Somalis were killed in 395 bomb attacks, according to Nairobi-based thinktank Sahan Research, up from 193 deaths in 265 attacks in 2015.  Some of those seriously injured in Saturday s bombing were moved by ambulance to the airport on Monday morning to be flown to Turkey for further treatment.  Workers unloaded boxes of medicine and other medical supplies from a Turkish military plane and Turkish medical teams attended to the injured moved from the hospital for evacuation. ",1
17336,Spain state prosecutor asks for custody for Catalan police chief: High Court,"MADRID (Reuters) - Spain s state prosecutor has asked for a custodial sentence for the head of the Catalan police service Josep Lluis Trapero, who is facing charges of sedition, a spokesman for the High Court said on Monday. Trapero has been put under formal investigation for sedition after failing to order to rescue Civil Guard police who were trapped inside a Catalan government building in Barcelona by tens of thousands of pro-independence protesters in September. A Spanish judge will decide later on Monday whether Trapero will be held in custody without bail, the spokesman said. ",1
17337,Militants kill five in attack in Egypt's Sinai: interior ministry,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Three policemen, one security guard and a civilian were killed and a number of other people injured in an attack by militants in Egypt s North Sinai province on Monday, the interior ministry said.  The militants attacked a security post securing a National Bank of Egypt branch in Arish, the provincial capital, with explosives and guns, a statement said.  Egypt is fighting an insurgency against militants affiliated with Islamic State in the northern part of the Sinai Peninsula where hundreds of security forces have been killed since 2013. Attacks on security forces have been common since Islamist president Mohamed Mursi was ousted in 2013 following mass protests against his rule. The militants raided the bank branch and stole an amount that had yet to be valued, the statement said. Forces were searching the area for the perpetrators and had defused some explosives.  Security sources told Reuters that three Egyptian policemen, one security guard and three civilians were killed and 22 others were injured in the attack.  Witnesses said armed militants in five cars fired on security forces near a church and the NBE branch before fleeing the scene.   The militants fired shots randomly in the street as if they were celebrating, with some of them raising their black flags (of Islamic State). They roamed the streets for about 20 minutes then disappeared,  said Alaa Lotfy, a shop owner in the area who witnessed the clashes.  At least 24 militants and six soldiers were killed on Sunday in attacks on military outposts in North Sinai. ",1
17338,Chance of 'no deal' Brexit rises to 1-in-4: JPMorgan,"LONDON (Reuters) - The probability that Britain exits the European Union without having agreed a divorce deal has risen to 25 percent, compared with 15 percent previously, JPMorgan said on Monday.  With the possibility of  no deal  having been an active part of the UK political discussion for a couple of weeks, our confidence... has been shaken a little,  JPMorgan economist Malcolm Barr said in a note to clients.  As a result, we have revised our set of probabilities on March 2019 outturns to show a somewhat higher probability of no-deal.  ",1
17339,Iraqi forces remove Kurdish flag from Kirkuk governorate building: residents,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqi forces removed on Monday the Kurdish flag that was hoisted on the governorate building in April next to an Iraqi flag, said residents, adding that only the Iraqi flag was flying. A U.S.-trained Iraqi elite unit took control of the governorate building earlier in the day, meeting no opposition from Kurdish forces deployed in the city. They were welcomed by cheering crowds of Turkmen residents of the city who drove around in convoy firing, sometimes burst of gunfire into the air to celebrate the Iraqi military operation launched in the early hours of Monday to take control of Kurdish-held positions in the oil-rich region. ",1
17340,"Turkey detained more than 1,200 people in last week","ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkish security forces detained 1,210 people over the last week for suspected links to militant groups or last year s failed coup, the interior ministry said on Monday.  A total of 947 of those were detained for suspected links to the network of U.S.-based Muslim cleric Fethullah Gulen, whom Ankara holds responsible for a failed coup in July last year. Gulen denies any involvement. Another 205 were detained for suspected ties to the Kurdistan Workers  Party (PKK), which has carried out a separatist insurgency against Turkey for three decades. More than 40,000 people have been killed in the conflict. Forty-nine people were detained over alleged links to Islamic State and nine others more were held for suspected ties to  leftist terrorist groups , the ministry said. Following the July 2016 coup, Turkey has arrested more than 50,000 people and sacked or suspended more than 150,000 in the military, civil service and private sector. ",1
17341,Spanish prosecutor asks for Catalan police chief to be held in custody,"MADRID (Reuters) - Spain s state prosecutor has asked for Catalonia s police chief - under formal investigation for sedition - to be held in custody without bail, a legal source said on Monday.  A judge is due to decide on this later on Monday, the source said. ",1
17342,North Korea rejects direct talks with South Korea in Russia: RIA,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - North Korean officials have rejected a proposal to hold direct talks with their South Korean counterparts in St Petersburg, the RIA news agency reported on Monday. Moscow had called on the two countries, who are both represented at a parliamentary forum in Russia, to use the opportunity to hold direct talks to try to narrow their differences over Pyongyang s missile programme. But, RIA, citing the head of the North Korean delegation, said Pyongyang had rejected the idea.  ",1
17343,Iraqi forces to regain Kurdish oilfields to restart production: Iraq oil minister,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraq will deploy troops to regain full control of the Kirkuk oil area and fields surrounding it to restart production suspended by the semi-autonomous region of Kurdistan, a senior Iraqi oil official in Baghdad told Reuters.  Kurdish forces following Erbil orders have deliberately evacuated oil workers from oilfields under its control in Kirkuk, including Bai Hassan and Avana and this reckless action caused the halt of production from these oilfields,  the official said.  We will not allow them to shut down production. We ve got confirmation from military commanders that it s a matter of a very short time,  the official said.  Our brave forces will regain control of all Kirkuk oilfields and then we will restart production immediately.  ",1
17344,Police fire tear gas to halt opposition protests in two Kenyan cities,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenyan police used tear gas to disperse opposition protesters on Monday in the capital Nairobi and another city as demonstrations against a presidential vote re-run continued despite a government ban.  Kenya s supreme court nullified the presidential election result in August, citing procedural irregularities and voiding the victory of President Uhuru Kenyatta. The ruling opened the way to a repeat vote on Oct. 26. But opposition leader Raila Odinga has refused to take part, saying the re-run should not happen until major reforms are introduced to prevent another failed vote. The election board has said the polls will go ahead anyway, pitting Kenyatta against six other candidates, none of whom polled more than 1 percent in August.  The standoff has spooked investors in the region s most advanced economy and is slowing growth. Last month, Kenya lowered its 2017 economic growth forecast to 5.5 percent due to drought and political uncertainty.  On Sunday, Odinga repeated his call for more protests, which authorities banned in the central business districts of Nairobi, the coastal city of Mombasa and the opposition stronghold of Kisumu in western Kenya. The events in Kenya have raised confusion among voters and fears that politically-driven violence might escalate.  At a political rally on Monday, Kenyatta accused the opposition of seeking to wreak chaos and force a coalition  government, allegations the opposition has denied. At least 33 people died in Nairobi during a police crackdown on opposition supporters after the August election, including a child and a pregnant woman, Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch said on Monday. The national police disputed the report, saying it was  totally misleading and based on falsehoods.  ",1
17345,Iraqi forces take control of Kirkuk governorate building unopposed: security sources,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A convoy of elite Iraqi military forces took control of the governorate building in central Kirkuk on Monday, meeting no opposition from Kurdish forces deployed in the city, security sources and residents said. A dozen Humvees from the U.S.-trained Counter Terrorism Service (CTS) arrived at the governorate building and took position in the vicinity alongside the local city police, they said. They drove to the center of the city from airport which they had captured earlier in the day from Kurdish forces. Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi gave instructions that the Iraqi flag be hoisted on Kirkuk and other territories claimed by both the Iraqi government and the Kurdistan Regional Government. ",1
17346,Iran's Larijani says Tehran has a plan if U.S. withdraws from nuclear pact: Ifax,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Ali Larijani, the speaker of the Iranian parliament, said on Monday that Tehran had a specific plan of action if the United States withdrew from the nuclear pact and that Washington would regret any such decision, the Interfax news agency reported. Larijani made the statement in St Petersburg where he was taking part in a parliamentary forum. ",1
17347,At least 33 people died in police crackdown in Nairobi -rights groups,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - At least 33 people died in the Kenyan capital Nairobi during a police crackdown on opposition supporters after elections in August, including a child and a pregnant woman, Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch said on Monday. Protests erupted after President Uhuru Kenyatta was declared winner over opposition leader Raila Odinga in the vote. The Supreme Court later voided the result. Odinga has withdrawn from a re-run on Oct. 26, leaving Kenyatta as the only candidate, prompting further protests.    Kenyan police disputed the rights groups  report, which brings the nationwide death toll in the crackdown to at least  45. Human Rights Watch had earlier documented 12 killings after the vote by police in western Kenya, the main opposition stronghold.         HRW and Amnesty said police in Nairobi had used  excessive force  and that  most of (the 33 who died) were killed as a result of action by the police.  Among them was a nine-year-old child shot dead while standing on a balcony and a woman who was eight months pregnant and was trampled to death after fainting from inhaling tear gas, the rights groups said in the report. Kenya s National Police Service said in a statement the report was  totally misleading and based on falsehoods.   Immediately after the violence in August, police said only  criminals  and  thugs  had been killed or injured.      The report is likely to bolster the case of Kenyan activists and rights groups who accuse police of brutality and extrajudicial killings but say few officers are charged and convictions are extremely rare.  Researchers found that although police behaved appropriately in some instances, in many others they shot or beat protesters to death,  the groups said in the report.       On Thursday the government banned demonstrations in the central business district of Nairobi, the coastal city of Mombasa and the western city of Kisumu, where protesters had been gathering twice a week, calling on the election board to make reforms to ensure a fair poll. Police had used tear gas to disperse them.[L8N1MO1O3] A group of U.N. human rights experts called for the government s ban on protests to be listed and denounced a  pattern of police brutality  in response to recent demonstrations. During the violence the parents of a six-month-old baby in western Kenya told Reuters their child was clubbed by police in her home and died later in hospital from brain trauma.  Kenya receives financial support for security from the United States, Britain and other international donors. ",1
17348,Vietnam braces for typhoon Khanun after floods kill 72,"HANOI (Reuters) - Vietnam braced for typhoon Khanun on Monday after destructive floods battered the country s north and center last week, killing 72 people, the disaster prevention agency said. Last week s floods were the worst in years, the government and state-run Vietnam Television said, with thousands of homes submerged. Another 200 houses collapsed and several towns remain cut off by the floodwater. The floods also damaged more than 22,000 hectares (54,300 acres) of rice. Vietnam is the world s third-largest exporter of rice and the second-biggest producer of coffee, although the floods have not affected the Southeast Asian nation s coffee belt. Eighteen people from the hardest-hit province of Hoa Binh in the north were buried by a landslide, but only thirteen bodies have been found, Vietnam s disaster agency said. The government has said it is fixing dykes, dams and roads damaged by last week s flood and is preparing for typhoon Khanun, which is expected to cause heavy rain in northern and central Vietnam from Monday.  It has also warned ships and boats to avoid the approaching typhoon. Vietnam is prone to destructive storms and flooding due to its long coastline. A typhoon wreaked havoc across central provinces last month.  Floods have also affected nine out of 77 provinces in Thailand, Vietnam s neighbor to the west. Three people had been killed in flooding since last Tuesday, Thailand s disaster agency said on Monday. The Thai capital, Bangkok, was hit by heavy rain at the weekend, with gridlocked traffic bringing parts of the city to a standstill. Bangkok has often been described as the  Venice of the East  because of its many waterways. However, the floods prompted criticism of Bangkok s city government, with some social media users accusing authorities of not managing water levels in canals properly. The city government defended itself, saying it was working closely with the irrigation department. Thailand suffered its worst flood in five decades in 2011, with hundreds of people killed, industrial estates engulfed and key industries crippled. ",1
17349,"Thousands of new Rohingya refugees flee violence, hunger in Myanmar for Bangladesh","COX S BAZAR/YANGON (Reuters) - Hungry, destitute and scared, thousands of new Rohingya refugees crossed the border into Bangladesh from Myanmar early on Monday, Reuters witnesses said, fleeing hunger and attacks by Buddhist mobs that the United Nations has called ethnic cleansing. Wading through waist-deep water with children strapped to their sides, the refugees told Reuters they had walked through bushes and forded monsoon-swollen streams for days. A seemingly never-ending flow entered Bangladesh near the village of Palongkhali. Many were injured, with the elderly carried on makeshift stretchers, while women balanced household items, such as pots, rice sacks and clothing, on their heads.  We couldn t step out of the house for the last month because the military were looting people,  said Mohammad Shoaib, 29, who wore a yellow vest and balanced jute bags of food and aluminum pots on a bamboo pole.  They started firing on the village. So we escaped into another.  Day by day, things kept getting worse, so we started moving towards Bangladesh. Before we left, I went back near my village to see my house, and the entire village was burnt down,  Shoaib added. They joined about 536,000 Rohingya Muslims who have fled Myanmar since Aug. 25, when coordinated Rohingya insurgent attacks sparked a ferocious military response, with the fleeing people accusing security forces of arson, killings and rape. Myanmar rejects accusations of ethnic cleansing and has labeled the militants from the Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army who launched the attacks as terrorists, who have killed civilians and burnt villages. The European Union said on Monday it would suspend invitations to Myanmar s army commander-in-chief and other senior generals  in the light of the disproportionate use of force carried out by the security forces . A statement issued after a meeting of EU foreign ministers also called for thorough investigation of  credible allegations of serious human rights violations and abuses . Not everyone made it to Bangladesh alive on Monday. Several kilometers (miles) to the south of Palongkhali, a boat carrying scores of refugees sank at dawn, killing at least 12 and leaving 35 missing. There were 21 survivors, Bangladesh authorities said.  So far 12 bodies, including six children and four women, have been recovered,  said police official Moinuddin Khan. Bangladesh border guards told Reuters the boat sank because it was overloaded with refugees, who pay exorbitant fees to cross the Naf River, a natural border with Myanmar in the Cox s Bazar region of Bangladesh. The sinking came about a week after another boat capsized in the estuary on the river, which has become a graveyard for dozens of Muslim refugees. Refugees who survived the perilous journey said they were driven out by hunger because food markets in Myanmar s western Rakhine State have been shut and aid deliveries restricted. They also reported attacks by the military and Rakhine Buddhist mobs. The influx will worsen the unprecedented humanitarian emergency unfolding in Cox s Bazar, where aid workers are battling to provide refugees with food, clean water and shelter.   On Monday, the Red Cross opened a field hospital as big as two football fields, with 60 beds, three wards, an operating theater, a delivery suite with maternity ward and a psychosocial support unit. Hundreds of thousands of Rohingya had already been in Bangladesh after fleeing previous spasms of violence in Myanmar, where they have long been denied citizenship and faced curbs on their movements and access to basic services. Monday s EU move to shun further contacts with Myanmar s army top brass comes after officials told Reuters the European bloc and the United States were considering targeted sanctions against military leaders.  The action announced by Brussels is largely symbolic, though the EU said it may consider further measures. Western governments, who have invested politically in Myanmar s democratic transition, are wary of doing anything that would hurt the wider economy or destabilize already tense ties between civilian leader Aung San Suu Kyi and the military. The powerful army chief, Min Aung Hlaing, told the United States ambassador in Myanmar last week that the exodus of Rohingya, whom he called non-native  Bengalis , was exaggerated. But despite Myanmar s denials and assurances that aid was on its way to the north of violence-torn Rakhine State, thousands more starving people were desperate to leave.  We fled from our home because we had nothing to eat in my village,  said Jarhni Ahlong, a 28-year-old Rohingya man from the southern region of Buthidaung, who had been stranded on the Myanmar side of the Naf for a week, waiting to cross. From the thousands gathered there awaiting an opportunity to escape, about 400 paid roughly $50 each to flee on nine or 10 boats on Monday morning, he added.  I think if we go to Bangladesh we can get food,  he said. ",1
17350,Catalan government will not respond to Madrid's order on Thursday: TV3,"MADRID (Reuters) - Catalan authorities will not respond on Thursday to the Spanish government s order that they clarify whether they have declared independence from Spain, Catalonia s TV3 reported on Monday, citing sources. Catalan head Carles Puigdemont failed on Monday to respond to an ultimatum to answer  yes  or  no  and Madrid has now given him until Thursday to change his mind - saying it would suspend Catalonia s autonomy if he chose secession. ",1
17351,"Iraq's Kurdistan shuts 350,000 bpd of oil output due to security: sources","LONDON (Reuters) - Iraq s Kurdistan has shut down some 350,000 barrels per day (bpd) of production from major fields Bai Hassan and Avana due to security concerns after a flare-up in tensions with the central government, trading sources told Reuters on Monday. One trading source said he was informed by Kurdish operators that civilian workers at both fields were released following a build up of Iraqi military forces around the fields. The operations were stopped and civilian employees will be able to return and operations will restart only when the intentions of Iraqi security forces are clear, the source added. He added that the flows of oil from North Oil Co s Kirkuk oil field, which are under control of the central government, were continuing normally at an export rate of 90,000 bpd. Iraq earlier warned Kurdish officials against shutting down Kirkuk oil flows. ",1
17352,Czech ANO party dips but keeps commanding lead before vote: poll,"PRAGUE (Reuters) - Support for billionaire Andrej Babis s ANO party dipped ahead of a Czech election on Oct. 20-21, but the party maintained a double-digit lead over its closest rival and remained favorite to lead the next government, an opinion poll showed on Monday. Babis, the second richest Czech, has been harvesting disillusion of many voters in the central European EU member country with corruption in the political class, inefficient government and slow catch-up in incomes with the richer western Europe. The final poll by the Median agency before a black-out starting on Tuesday showed eight parties winning seats, including a strengthening far-right, anti-EU formation. Support for ANO dipped to 25 percent in the survey conducted on Sept 26-Oct 14, down from 27 percent in September.      ANO has maintained it image as a protest party despite serving in the outgoing cabinet as partner to the centre-left Social Democrats of Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka. Babis s image suffered from police charges earlier this month of fraud in tapping European Union subsidy, a small project among many by the chemicals, food and media businessman worth $4 billion according to Forbes magazine. He denies any wrongdoing.  A Slovak court also annulled last Thursday rulings clearing Babis of cooperating with former Communist secret police in then totalitarian Czechoslovakia. He denies being an agent. The poll showed ANO will need partners to form a parliamentary majority. A relatively weak showing by ANO would embolden potential partners demanding that Babis personally stays out of the cabinet due to the police charges. Babis served as finance minister from 2014 until May this year, presiding over a drive to raise tax collection and a fiscal surplus last year. He opposes deeper EU integration and adopting the euro. He also opposes accepting any refugees. Rivals say he poses a threat to democracy due to his authoritarian style, desire to simplify decision making, and conflicts of interest as businessman whose firms compete for state contracts and receive subsidies. Babis moved his firm Agrofert to a trust fund earlier this year and denies any abuse of his position.     The Social Democrats   who have not ruled out a new coalition with ANO   polled second with 12.5 percent, down 1 percentage point, followed by the far-left Communists with 10.5 percent. The rise of ANO and other protest groups show a shift from traditional parties even as the country enjoys fast economic growth and the lowest unemployment in the EU.  The Social Democrats lost about 40 percent of voters and the centre-right TOP 09 party polled 6 percent, half of its score  in the previous election.  The far-right, anti-EU SPD party jumped to 9.5 percent, tapping into anti-immigration sentiment in a country that saw almost none of the 2015 immigration wave into Europe.   The Pirate Party, a local offshoot of the international Pirate movement which focuses on government transparency and an  electronic agenda polled 8.5 percent, giving it chances of entering parliament for the first time. ",1
17353,Field commander in U.S.-backed SDF expects Raqqa fight to end Monday,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - A field commander for the U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) in Raqqa said the alliance was carrying out clearing operations against Islamic State and expected to control the city by the end of Monday.  Ilham Ahmed, a senior Kurdish leader who co-chairs the SDF s political wing, said she expected the end of the Raqqa offensive to be announced  within hours or days , but a U.S.-led coalition spokesman said he could not put a timeline on it. (This version of the story clarifies title of leader affiliated with SDF) ",1
17354,"Trump to visit Asia Nov. 3-14, focus on North Korea, alliances","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump will travel to Japan, South Korea, China, Vietnam, the Philippines and Hawaii between Nov. 3-14, the White House said on Monday, amid rising tensions over North Korea s nuclear and missile programs.  Trump will  call on the international community to join together in maximizing pressure on North Korea,  the White House said in a statement, and will meet family members of Japanese citizens who have been abducted by North Korea. During his visit, Trump will emphasize his commitment to U.S. alliances and partnerships, attend events at the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation and the Association of Southeast Asian Nations. He will also meet with Chinese President Xi Jinping, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte and Vietnam President Tran Dai Quang. ",1
17355,"Vote-buying, counting glitches marred Kyrgyzstan vote: observers","BISHKEK (Reuters) - European observers said on Monday vote-buying and significant procedural problems marred Kyrgyzstan s presidential vote, though they praised the move towards an orderly transfer of power in the volatile ex-Soviet state. Sooronbai Jeenbekov, a protege of the outgoing president, won on Sunday with 55 percent - a stronger result than the near tie polls had predicted. Opposition leader Omurbek Babanov conceded defeat but said he would investigate irregularities. The election is seen as a test of stability in the central Asian country where Russia still holds considerable sway and two previous leaders were ousted in violent riots. Kyrgyz news website Turmush.kg published a video showing hundreds of Babanov supporters rallying outside a local government building in his home Talas region. But there were no reports of violence. The vote was competitive and candidates could, in general, campaign freely, the Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) said. But cases of misuse of public resources, pressure on voters and vote-buying remained a concern, it added. The mission s statement mentioned  numerous and significant procedural problems  during the vote count and initial stages of tabulation. But it said the election had  contributed to the strengthening of democratic institutions by providing for an orderly transfer of power .     An official confirmation of the figures is expected within a week. A unchallenged result would mark the first peaceful transition of power between full-time presidents in the mostly Muslim nation.  Pre-election polls had suggested both candidates would fail to get 50 percent and have to proceed to a second-round runoff. Russian President Vladimir Putin on Monday became the first foreign leader to congratulate Jeenbekov on his victory. Outgoing President Almazbek Atambayev - who developed particularly close ties with Moscow during his six years in office - dismissed Western criticism as biased.  Of course, they would be singing praise if a pro-American candidate won the election,  Kyrgyz news website 24.kg quoted him as telling foreign diplomats in a meeting on Monday. Both candidates differed little on the main points of policy during the campaign: a secular state and hewing close to Russia in a region where Moscow vies for influence with the United States and China. However, they represent rival interest groups and clans inside Kyrgyzstan that are fighting for access to power and state resources. Atambayev and Jeenbekov s Social Democratic party has the biggest faction in parliament and dominates the coalition cabinet. Jeenbekov has pledged to continue his predecessor s policies. Kyrgyzstan hosts a Russian military base.  ",1
17356,Merkel: State defeat hasn't weakened us before coalition talks,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel on Monday played down suggestions that a regional election defeat for her Christian Democrats (CDU) had made her job of forming a three-way national coalition harder. The Social Democrats (SPD) won Sunday s vote in the northern region of Lower Saxony with 36.9 percent. Merkel s conservatives slumped to 33.6 percent - roughly in line with forecasts but their poorest showing in the rich agricultural province in nearly six decades.  I don t see the Lower Saxony election result as weakening us in this (coalition) task,  Merkel said, adding that regional issues had played a big role in the campaign there. Lower Saxony is home to carmaker Volkswagen (VOWG_p.DE), which is enmeshed in a diesel emissions scandal.   Three weeks after Merkel s conservatives recorded their worst national election result since 1949, the chancellor is about to begin what look set to be tricky coalition discussions with the liberal Free Democrats (FDP) and the Greens. Merkel said her conservative bloc was heading into the talks knowing it was the strongest of the three groups, while acknowledging negotiations would be challenging.  We ll have sufficient conflicts anyway. No one is under any illusions about that,  Merkel said. Policy areas over which the three parties are expected to clash include migration, climate protection and euro zone reform. Carsten Nickel, deputy research director at Teneo Intelligence, said the weak CDU result would particularly worry its Bavarian sister party, the Christian Social Union (CSU), which faces a regional election next year.  The CSU will fear that Lower Saxony demonstrates that the popular backlash against Merkel s choices in the 2015 migration crisis is not yet over,  Nickel said, referring to her decision to operate an open-boarders policy that allowed more than a million refugees in Germany. After the anti-immigrant Alternative for Germany (AfD) took almost a million voters from the conservative bloc in September s national election, the sister conservative parties put a long-running internal dispute to bed by agreeing to limit numbers of migrants coming to Germany. ",1
17357,Pope implicitly criticizes U.S. for leaving Paris climate accord,"ROME (Reuters) - Pope Francis implicitly criticized the United States on Monday for pulling out of the Paris agreement on climate change, praising it as a means to control the devastating effects of global warming. The United States is the only country out of 195 signatories to have withdrawn from the accord, which aims to cut emissions blamed for the rise in temperatures. U.S. President Donald Trump announced the decision in June shortly after visiting the pope, a strong supporter of the deal. At the time a Vatican official said the move was a  slap in the face  for the pope and the Vatican.  We see consequences of climate change every day,  the pope said in an address to the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organisation (FAO) at its headquarters in Rome.  Thanks to scientific knowledge, we know how we have to confront the problem and the international community has also worked out the legal methods, such as the Paris Accord, which sadly, some have abandoned,  he said. Under the deal, United States had committed to reducing its own emissions by 26 to 28 percent, compared with 2005 levels, by 2025. Many world leaders have criticized Trump for deciding to pull out. In his Spanish-language address to the U.N. agency, Francis denounced  negligence toward the delicate equilibriums of the ecosystems, the presumption of manipulating and controlling the limited resources of the planet, and the greed for profit.  Agriculture ministers and diplomats from the Group of Seven (G7) world power nations attended the gathering, which marked FAO s World Food Day.  We can t be satisfied by saying  someone else will do it,  the pope said. Ending local conflicts and curbing the effects of climate change were two of the  prerequisites  for dealing with world food security, Francis also said.  The yoke of poverty caused by the often tragic movement of migrants can be removed by prevention, consisting of development projects that create jobs and offer the capacity to respond to climactic and environmental changes,  he said. ",1
17358,Iraq warns Kurdistan not to shut down Kirkuk oil flows,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraq said on Monday it was considering using security forces to prevent Kurdistan from shutting down output from the oil area of Kirkuk after tensions flared up between the central government and the semi-autonomous region.  The oil ministry warned the Kurdish authorities not to attempt any action that would cause crude oil flow disruption from Kirkuk oilfield,  a spokesman for North Oil Company told Reuters.  We received signals from them (Kurdish officials) that they will shut down production operations in Kirkuk oilfield for security reasons but we understand that this is only a pretext to put pressure on Baghdad,  the spokesman said.  This won t work and all options are on the table to continue output flowing. We are coordinating with the central government and oil ministry to ask security forces to intervene and prevent Kurdish crews from mismanaging production operations at the Kirkuk oilfield,  the spokesman said. The Kirkuk oil area produces around 200,000 barrels per day (bpd) out of total Kurdish production of over 600,000 bpd. ",1
17359,U.S.-led anti-Islamic State coalition says Iraqi-Kurdish clash in Kirkuk is misunderstanding,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - The U.S.-led anti-Islamic State coalition said an Iraqi-Kurdish clash in the region of Kirkuk where Iraqi army took control on Monday of Kurdish-held positions was a  misunderstanding  and urged both sides to avoid escalation.  Coalition forces and advisors are not supporting Government of Iraq or Kurdistan Regional Government activities near Kirkuk, but are aware of reports of a limited exchange of fire during predawn hours of darkness,  it said in a statement on its website.  We believe the engagement this morning was a misunderstanding and not deliberate as two elements attempted to link up under limited visibility conditions,  it added. ",1
17360,Explosion in southeast Turkey kills two soldiers: CNN Turk,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Two Turkish soldiers were killed on Monday in the southeastern province of Hakkari after an improvised explosive device detonated, Turkish broadcaster CNN Turk said. The bomb was set off as a Turkish army truck drove past it near the Iraqi border. ",1
17361,Bill Clinton called to break Northern Ireland political impasse: source,"BELFAST (Reuters) - Former U.S. President Bill Clinton, who played a central role in  brokering peace in Northern Ireland, may travel to Belfast this week to try to break a months-long political impasse, a source close to the talks said. Northern Ireland has been without a devolved administration since its collapse in January, raising the prospect of direct rule being reimposed from London, potentially destabilizing a delicate political balance in the British province. Clinton was due in Belfast on Monday to meet the parties but the trip was postponed as Tropical Storm Ophelia began to batter Ireland s southern coast and moved towards Northern Ireland.  Depending on the weather, Clinton, who is scheduled to receive an Honorary Doctorate at Dublin City University on Tuesday, could travel to Belfast later that day.  He s keen to help,  the source told Reuters. Clinton traveled to Belfast in March to speak at the funeral of Martin McGuinness when he urged politicians to finish the work started by the Irish Republican Army commander who became a cornerstone of the peace process. The main impediment in the talks between Irish nationalists Sinn Fein and the pro-British Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) is disagreement over the rights of Irish language speakers. The British and Irish governments, who are facilitating the talks, have expressed cautious optimism that the region s power-sharing government can be restored this month but the parties have said there are still challenges to be addressed. ",1
17362,Woman dies in Ireland as a result of Storm Ophelia: RTE,"DUBLIN (Reuters) - A woman has died in the southeast Irish county of Waterford on Monday after a tree fell on her car as a result of Tropical Storm Ophelia, national broadcaster RTE said, quoting the local council office. RTE said the woman was the sole occupant of the car and was pronounced dead at the scene as the storm began to batter Ireland s southern coast. A spokeswoman for the council could not immediately be reached for comment. ",1
17363,"In New Hampshire, Indonesian Christians caught in Trump immigration crackdown"," MANCHESTER, N.H. (Reuters) - Since fleeing deadly violence in Indonesia two decades ago, Meldy and Eva Lumangkun built a life in suburban New Hampshire and raised four children, their illegal status long tolerated by U.S. immigration authorities.  But when they showed up at the Immigration and Customs Enforcement office in Manchester in August for their regular check-in, they were told to buy one-way tickets back to Indonesia and get out of the United States in two months.   We are afraid to go home. We fear for the safety of our children,  Meldy Lumangkun said after an October meeting with ICE officials in Manchester.  Here our children can live safely.   The Lumangkuns are among about 2,000 ethnic Chinese Indonesian Christians who fled to New Hampshire to escape rioting in Southeast Asia's biggest economy that killed about 1,000 people in 1998 at the height of Asia's financial crisis.  They are also among tens of thousands of illegal immigrants in the United States now facing possible deportation after the Trump administration moved to reopen cases of people who, like the Lumangkuns, had been given a reprieve under past administrations.  During his presidential campaign, Donald Trump said he would purge the country of millions of illegal immigrants. Since he moved into the White House in January, immigration arrests have tripled since the start of the year to an average of 142 people a day, though actual deportations are down from the rate under Trump s Democratic predecessor, Barack Obama.  The Lumangkuns and other Indonesian Christians in New Hampshire say they fear religious discrimination or violence if they return to Indonesia.  Resented for their wide control over trade and business, and suspected of loyalty to China, Indonesian-Chinese have often been the target of racial discrimination in Indonesia, the world s most populous Muslim country. In 1998, rampaging mobs targeted Chinese-owned businesses and in some cases killed and raped Chinese-Indonesians, forcing hundreds to flee the country.  Most of the Indonesians now facing deportation entered the United States legally, often on tourist visas, but overstayed them. They then failed to apply for asylum within a year of entering the country, a deadline many were unaware of, according to immigrants, as well as advocates and attorneys. They only later tried to seek legal status, and the ones now facing deportation failed.  Under the terms of a deal negotiated with ICE in 2012 with the help of U.S. Senator Jeanne Shaheen, the group was allowed to remain in the country if they surrendered their passports and appeared for regular check-ins set on varying schedules by ICE.  Beginning in August, members of the group including the Lumangkuns, were told to prepare to return home, a tougher line that ICE officials said was aligned with an executive order signed by Trump on Jan. 25 overturning many Obama-era immigration policies. Under the new guidelines, while criminals remain the highest priority for deportation, almost anyone in the country illegally is a potential target.   The executive order that President Trump signed in January changed everything,  said ICE spokesman Shawn Neudauer.  Many of the couples facing deportation have children, said Sandra Pontoh, pastor of the Madbury Maranatha Indonesian Fellowship in Madbury, New Hampshire.   It s very stressful,  said Jacklyn Lele, 37, who said she fled to the United States in 2006 after her brother was killed in the 1998 violence.   My son does not really want to go over there, he keeps saying  I m American,  Lele said as the 7-year-old boy restlessly played with a mobile phone.  The group is clustered in New Hampshire s seacoast region, where they have found work in small factories and raised families, enjoying life in the quiet, bucolic state. Some serve as church pastors.   They are filling jobs that are important,  Shaheen, a Democrat who has served in the Senate since 2009, said in a phone interview.  Replacing them is not easy.   The local Foster s Daily Democrat newspaper condemned the move to deport the New Hampshire group in an August editorial.   Neighbors who have worked hard and followed the rules shouldn t be kicked out of the country,  wrote the newspaper s editorial board, which despite the 144-year-old paper s name rarely leans liberal.  Neighbors who have committed no crime should not suddenly  disappear  into ICE detention.   The ethnic Chinese community accounts for less than 5 percent of Indonesia s population, but has raised its profile in recent years and owns many of the country s biggest conglomerates.  The governor of Jakarta, a member of the same Chinese-Christian minority in the New Hampshire cases, was jailed for two years in May after being found guilty of blasphemy against Islam. His trial followed mass Islamist-led rallies and sent shockwaves through the secular state whose constitution protects religious freedom and diversity, though 85 percent of its people are Muslim.  Indonesia has not seen a repeat of violence on the scale of the 1998 rioting, though there have been some forced church closures and isolated attacks on places of worship.  Under the 2012 deal with U.S. immigration authorities, some 69 Indonesians living in New Hampshire were allowed to stay. A similar cluster of 45 Indonesian Christians now live in New Jersey under terms of a similar deal independently negotiated and are also facing deportation.  ICE officials said they had no estimate of how many people could be affected, but 41,854 people nationwide without criminal histories are covered by so-called orders of supervision that require illegal immigrants to check-in regularly with authorities as a condition for staying in the country.  The New Hampshire removals have been temporarily halted by a U.S. magistrate judge in Boston, after a lawsuit filed late last month on behalf of 47 of the Indonesian immigrants.  The New Hampshire cases have drawn the support of other Democratic elected leaders, including U.S. Senator Maggie Hassan and Representative Carol Shea-Porter.  Shaheen says she believes the group s regular check-ins made them easy to target.   It s totally inconsistent with American values,  said Shaheen.  This is a country that was born of people that were fleeing religious persecution.   ",1
17364,"On TV, France's Macron looks to style, viewers question substance","PARIS (Reuters) - Never let it be said that President Emmanuel Macron doesn t care about how he comes across. For the first television interview of his five-month-old presidency, an hour-long appearance on France s TF1 during Sunday primetime, everything on screen seemed scrupulously chosen to highlight elements of the 39-year-old s education, world view and ambitions for France. Seated at a marble-topped designer table, three interviewers on the other side, Macron had on the wall over his shoulder a large modernist painting with the words  Liberte, Egalite, Fraternite  - the national motto - arranged around the French flag and an image of Marianne, the national symbol.   While the interview took place in the gilded, classical Elysee Palace, home to French presidents since 1848, Macron and his wife Brigitte have updated many of the rooms with contemporary art, designer rugs and angular metal furniture. On his office desk, from where one of several cameras provided a wide-angle of the scene, the titles of books Macron is supposedly reading were on show. Alongside a tome on India, there was one entitled  Le Genie Allemand  (The genius of the Germans), another by former Italian prime minister Enrico Letta about building Europe in a harsh world, and another by an economist called  Towards the World of 2050 . Others touched on literature, culture and financial regulation, sending subtle and not-so-subtle messages to European leaders and French citizens alike. A paperweight in the colors of the French flag weighed down one pile. Since taking office in May, the former investment banker and civil servant has been meticulous in managing his image, talking about the need to ensure the presidency is elevated, dealing solemnly with the weightiest issues of the day. At the same time, he has insisted that he is not a  president of the rich    as critics have labeled him   but in touch with ordinary citizens via frequent visits to factories, businesses, fairs and markets. The obsessiveness about how he comes across has also tripped him up. He was ridiculed for dressing up in an olive flight suit to address the military, and three months into his presidency, French media reported he had already spent 26,000 euros ($30,700)on makeup.  And an opinion poll after the interview showed many people were not convinced by his message on social issues. French journalists have expressed frustration that he does not make himself more available for interviews or at press conferences, something his predecessor Francois Hollande did all too regularly, sometimes responding to text messages. Instead those around Macron describe the need to be  Jupiterian    taking big decisions from on high   rather than getting caught in the melee of daily journalism. During Sunday s interview, Macron rejected criticism that he had been dismissive towards unionists, saying his use of words like  slackers  and the phrase  kicking up a bloody mess  to describe protesters were him  telling it straight .  We re taking care of the parts of France where things aren t going so well,  he said.  I m doing what I said I would do during the election campaign.  Throughout the interview Macron was polite but combative, unwilling to cede the word to his questioners and at times turning the event into a lengthy policy presentation. He talked repeatedly of long-term vision rather than quick results. Some reviewers criticized the failure to elicit news. Macron s concern for image was evident immediately after his election victory - that evening he crossed the courtyard of the Louvre to the strains of Beethoven s Ode To Joy, the official anthem of the European Union. A fly-on-the-wall documentary released the next day told the inside story of his campaign, largely painting the thrusting president in a positive light. But whether his approach can win over more of the public than the 24 percent who voted for him in the first round of the election is questionable. While 9.7 million people tuned in to watch on Sunday, a poll by Harris Interactive showed 61 percent  were not convinced  by what he said, especially on social issues. ",1
17365,Iraqi Kurds say Baghdad will pay heavy price for assault,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraq s Kurdish security forces said Baghdad would pay a  heavy price  for launching an advance on the Kurdish-held city of Kirkuk. In a statement, the Peshmerga also accused a faction from one of the two main Iraqi Kurdish political parties of  treason  for assisting Baghdad with the advance. ",1
17366,Merkel: Strong result for Austria's FPO 'big challenge' for other parties,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Monday that the strong showing of Austria s anti-immigrant Freedom Party (FPO) in Sunday s election was a  big challenge  for other parties. Speaking at a news conference in Berlin, Merkel added that she was hoping for close cooperation with Austria s conservative election winner Sebastian Kurz at the European level. ",1
17367,Jakarta governor sworn in amid calls from hardliners for 'Islamic lifestyle',"JAKARTA (Reuters) - Indonesian President Joko Widodo swore in a former education minister as Jakarta s governor on Monday, months after an election that opened up religious and ethnic divisions in the world s biggest Muslim-majority country.     Anies Baswedan was inaugurated as Indonesia s reputation for religious tolerance comes under scrutiny due to the rising clout of Islamists in a nation with large Christian, Hindu and Buddhist minorities. Baswedan faced criticism after winning April s vote with the support of Islamist groups who had agitated for months against his opponent and former governor Basuki Tjahaja Purnama - an ethnic Chinese Christian - whom they accused of blasphemy against Islam.     We will ensure that the governor of Jakarta will be the governor of us all, of those who voted for us and those who didn t,  Baswedan told reporters, wearing a crisp white uniform after a ceremony in the Dutch colonial-style state palace. Groups like the hardline Islamic Defenders Front (FPI) hope that Baswedan will impose a more  Islamic lifestyle  in the   city of more than 10 million people. Novel Bamukmin, head of FPI s Jakarta chapter, said the group would  push  Baswedan s administration to gradually close down bars and clubs in a city known for a freewheeling nightlife because  it s immoral and...not Islamic culture . He told Reuters the group would begin by calling for the cancellation of the city s New Year s Eve celebration, which sees thousands of residents flock to street markets, concerts, and traditional theater performances funded by the city. A spokesman for Baswedan was not immediately available for comment.  Sandiaga Uno, Baswedan s deputy, has previously said the administration would consider setting up  sharia-inspired  or sharia-compliant entertainment spots similar to those in Abu Dhabi or Dubai. Indonesia is officially secular and its constitution enshrines religious diversity, though the return to democracy two decades ago after the end of the autocratic rule of Suharto has allowed hardline groups to flourish. While religion was an important factor during the election, most Jakarta residents are also concerned with issues such as chronic traffic congestion and regular flooding.  The hope is for Jakarta to move forward so it s cleaner and the poor receive help,  said Wisnu, a 42-year-old courier.   I don t feel Anies-Sandi need to pay back those (Islamist) groups in any way,  he said, referring to the new governor and his deputy. The FPI led mass rallies in the run-up to the election to urge voters to pick a Muslim candidate over Purnama. After being put on trial and losing the election in the second round, Purnama was sentenced in May to two years in prison in a ruling that was internationally condemned as unjust. Baswedan made public appearances with the leaders of the rallies and FPI but denied pandering to Islamist groups to win support. Baswedan and Uno are backed by the main opposition party Gerindra, which has now wrenched control of the capital away from Widodo s ruling party.  Jakarta serves as a national political barometer,  said Gerindra official Arief Poyuono.  Because of that it is important that Gerindra has taken over control of Jakarta...to be able to win in general and presidential elections in 2019.   The battle for the Jakarta governorship was widely seen as a proxy for the 2019 presidential election.  Baswedan s main backer is retired general and Gerindra chief Prabowo Subianto who is widely expected to run for president against Widodo in 2019. ",1
17368,Newsmaker: Malaysian teacher seen as new 'emir' of pro-Islamic State militants,"KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - The battlefield deaths of two leaders of an Islamic State alliance in the southern Philippines could thrust a Malaysian who trained at an Al-Qaeda camp in Afghanistan as the militant group s new regional  emir , experts and officials say. Intelligence officials describe Malaysian Mahmud Ahmad as a financier and recruiter, who helped put together the coalition of pro-Islamic State (IS) fighters that stormed Marawi City in May.  Isnilon Hapilon, Islamic State s anointed  emir  in Southeast Asia, and Omarkhayam Maute, one of two Middle East-educated brothers at the helm of the militant alliance, were killed in a raid on a building in Marawi and their bodies  recovered on Monday, Philippine Defence Secretary Delfin Lorenzana said. Philippine authorities said they were still searching for Mahmud.  Based on our information, there is still one personality, Dr. Mahmud of Malaysia, and he is still in the main battle area with some Indonesians and Malaysians,  military chief, Gen. Eduardo Ano, said on Monday.  But their attitude is now different, they are no longer as aggressive as before.  He did not elaborate. Ano urged the 30 militants remaining in a shrinking combat zone to surrender and free hostages as troops stepped up their fight. Abdullah Maute, the alliance s military commander, was reported killed in August, though no body was found. Intelligence officials in Malaysia believe Mahmud left Marawi months ago. Malaysia s police counter-terrorism chief Ayob Khan Mydin Pitchay told Reuters in July that Mahmud  managed to sneak out from Marawi city to another safe place with his followers .  The 39-year-old Mahmud, who holds a doctorate in religious studies and was a university lecturer in Kuala Lumpur, was Hapilon s second-in-command in the IS s Southeast Asia  caliphate , according to a July report by Indonesia-based Institute of Policy Analysis and Conflict (IPAC).  Sitting in the inner circle of the Marawi command center, Mahmud controlled recruitment and financing, the IPAC report said. He was the contact for foreigners wanting to join the fight in the Philippines or with IS in the Middle East, it said.  It wasn t just Indonesians and Malaysians contacting Dr. Mahmud ... he was also the contact for Bangladeshis in Malaysia who wanted to join the fighting in Mindanao,  IPAC s director Sidney Jones told Reuters. Rohan Gunaratna, an analyst at the S. Rajaratnam School of International Studies in Singapore, described Mahmud as  the most important IS leader in Southeast Asia . Ahmad El-Muhammady, a lecturer at the International Islamic University of Malaysia (IIUM) and a counter-terrorism advisor to the police, said Mahmud often solicited funds for IS operations.   He s always the one asking people  does anyone have any money they d like to donate? , and he will usually reply when followers in the region ask him about the situation in the Philippines,  Ahmad said. Mahmud grew up in Batu Caves, a crowded Kuala Lumpur suburb, famous for a Hindu temple housed in a large complex of caverns.  Mahmud s wife and three children were last known to be living there, although Reuters could not locate them. Before leaving Malaysia in 2014, Mahmud taught young Muslim students at a tahfiz, a school to memorise the Koran, in Nakhoda, a village near Batu Caves, residents said.   When he (Mahmud) started the school, he did stay there for the first one or two years, but then he just disappeared,  said 50-year-old Zainon Mat Arshad, a Nakhoda resident who went to the mosque where Mahmud prayed.    When he was at the tahfiz school, he kept mostly to himself and if he had come over to pray on Friday, I don t think anyone would have recognized him,  said Zainon.  He didn t mingle with the local community.  Security experts say Mahmud studied at Pakistan s Islamabad Islamic University in the late 1990s before going to Afghanistan where he learned to make improvised explosive devices at an al Qaeda camp.  In 2000, he returned to Malaysia to get a doctorate, which earned him a post as a lecturer in the Islamic Studies faculty at the University of Malaysia in Kuala Lumpur. Former students described Mahmud as a quiet person who kept to himself.  He wasn t the kind of lecturer who hung out at cafes with his students as some others did,  said one former student, who declined to be identified. The few signs of his militant beliefs were discovered later, including a book he wrote on jihad under his nom de guerre, Abu Handzalah, said Ahmad, the IIUM lecturer.       He was put on Malaysia s most-wanted list in April 2014 after leaving the country with several others, including his aide, a Malaysian bomb maker named Mohammad Najib Husen, to work with the Abu Sayyaf group, notorious for violent kidnappings and beheadings in the southern Philippines, Ahmad said.  Mahmud received funding for the Marawi operation directly from IS headquarters, through the group s Southeast Asian unit led by Syrian-based Indonesian militant Bahrumsyah, the IPAC report said.    In a video released by the Philippines army in June, Mahmud is seen alongside Hapilon as well as Omarkhayam and Abdullah Maute - the pair of brothers who orchestrated the Marawi siege. (For a graphic on 'Pro Islamic State groups in the Philippine south' click tmsnrt.rs/2qVpzH5) (For a graphic on 'Battle for Marawi interactive' click tmsnrt.rs/2rhRPEa) ",1
17369,China's precedent-breaking Xi Jinping gets set to bolster his power,"BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese President Xi Jinping is set to amass even greater power at a Communist Party Congress this week, promoting close allies, having his guiding thought enshrined in the party constitution and possibly assuming a title to put him on par with Mao Zedong. That is the view of multiple sources with ties to the Chinese leadership, including senior party officials, former officials and foreign diplomats who have talked to top officials. Much of it has also been signalled in various ways in the state media in recent months.  Xi was born into revolutionary aristocracy and came of age in the tumult of Mao s Cultural Revolution. Since taking office five years ago, he has cast aside decades of precedent, stamping his authority on the party s 89 million members and asserting China s rising might on the global stage. Having been perceived as a colourless, unambitious  princeling  child of the elite before catapulting into the apex of power as a Standing Committee member in 2007, Xi has surprised time and again, leadership sources, diplomats and experts say. He has locked up political rivals for corruption, accumulated titles and pushed painful reforms for the military. China s State Council, which doubles as the party s spokesman s office, did not respond to a request for comment on Xi s plans for the 19th Party Congress or on how the party evaluates his first five years in office. At the congress, a twice-a-decade event that opens Wednesday, some of Xi s most trusted aides look set for promotion to the Standing Committee, such as Li Zhanshu, an advisor who worked as a junior official in Hebei province in the 1980s at the same time as Xi.  In another key break with tradition, Xi looks set to retain a key ally, Wang Qishan, in some capacity despite the anti-corruption tsar passing retirement age. Xi could also end up being called party chairman, a role that would pave the way for him to stay in office past 2022 when precedent dictates he should step down, leadership sources say.  Xi is now moving more in the direction of a king, of  I am China  and  I am the Communist Party , said Steve Tsang, director of the China Institute at the School of Oriental and African Studies in London. In another first, Xi has already overseen two large-scale military parades in his first term, including a dramatic display of China s rising power and military capability through Beijing s Tiananmen Square in 2015. What will actually happen at the congress, and what Xi will say in his state-of-the-party address at its opening, are closely guarded secrets, even as the party and state media have flagged the broad outlines of what will happen. One of the most important signals to watch at the congress will be whether - or how often - Xi is referred to as   lingxiu , or leader. That honorific has been bestowed only on two others since the 1949 founding of the People s Republic of China: Mao and his short-lived successor, Hua Guofeng. Using the term over the congress could set him up to be named party chairman, a title that has not been used since Hu Yaobang, who died in 1989, sources with ties to the leadership and diplomats say.  Xi is currently head of the party but with the title general secretary, and has to rule by consensus with his Standing Committee, part of a system of collective leadership set up after Mao died to prevent a recurrence of the chaos that erupted under him. If he does become chairman, that will spell the end for the concept of collective leadership, said a senior Beijing-based Asian diplomat.  He won t have to answer to anyone,  the diplomat said. Xi has gathered other titles gradually since late 2012, when he first became party chief, just before assuming the presidency. He also runs the National Security Commission and the top financial and reform decision-making councils. And despite already being head of the military, he was appointed commander-in-chief last year. Arguably one of China s crowning achievements over the past five years, one unquestionably popular with the public, has been Xi s crackdown on corruption. Some 1.4 million officials have been punished and many jailed, including the much feared former domestic security chief, Zhou Yongkang. Xi has also cracked down on the pomp that had previously gone with visits by high-level Chinese officials to the provinces, and flashed a deft common touch to show his connection to the ordinary person. In one widely-reported instance, Xi visited a Beijing dumpling restaurant in late 2013; images on state media showed him lining up for his food with other patrons.  Part of the story of Xi s rising personality profile is about the need to bolster the perceived legitimacy of the Communist Party around a leader seen as being of the people,  said David Bandurski, co-director of the China Media Project.  He said the previous leadership of President Hu Jintao and Wen Jiabao had warned of a growing gap between the Communist Party and the rest of the country, partly epitomised by rampant corruption.   So under Xi there was an immediate move to address both of these key problems of perception , Bandurski said.  The answer was Xi as the plain-talking man of the people.  ",1
17370,"'Mad dog' anti-Trump leaflets, suspected floated in from North Korea, turn up in Seoul","SEOUL (Reuters) - Propaganda fliers presumed to be from North Korea and calling U.S. President Donald Trump a  mad dog  have turned up across central Seoul, including near the presidential Blue House, according to posts on social media and people who found them.  Death to old lunatic Trump!  reads one poster, with a North Korean soldier with rifle in hand, crushing what looks to be Trump s head with his tongue dangling out of his mouth. Near the soldier s head is the line:  Complete obliteration.  Another poster shows Trump with the body of a dog being decapitated by an axe. Blood is shown splattered on the axe in the poster, which states:  Let s behead mad dog Trump for the future of a peaceful and warless world and mankind!  Both were in color. It is not difficult to find North Korean propaganda posters in South Korea, usually flown by balloon over the highly fortified demilitarized zone. Military images and anti-U.S. threats are common in North Korea propaganda as Pyongyang demands the United States cease what it says is its preparations for invasion. But the new series of fliers posted recently on Twitter and other social media target Trump specifically. Trump last month, in a speech to the United Nations, threatened to  totally destroy  North Korea if needed to defend itself and allies and called the North s leader Kim Jong Un a  rocket man  on a suicide mission.  I am pretty sure it came from North Korea by balloon, since the prevailing winds during October have been from north to south and we ve been getting reports of others finding them throughout Seoul,  said Chad O Carroll, managing director of NK News, a Seoul-based news subscription service, who found the leaflets while jogging in central Seoul. In an apparent jab at Trump s U.N. speech, one of the propaganda posters featured Trump standing behind a podium with a rocket in his mouth painted with the words  totally destroy North Korea . Again, Trump is depicted as a dog with a human face and labeled as  mad dog Trump . Men in suits with surprised looks on their faces are shown in the poster saying  He s gone completely insane  and  If we let him be, there will be war . Reclusive North Korea, which has carried out a series of nuclear and missile tests in defiance of U.N. sanctions, and the rich, democratic South are technically still at war because their 1950-53 conflict ended in a truce, not a peace treaty. The North regularly threatens to destroy the South and its main ally, the United States. ",1
17371,EU congratulates Austria's Kurz but uneasy about possible ruling partner,"LUXEMBOURG/BRUSSELS (Reuters) - European Union ministers on Monday congratulated Austria s Sebastian Kurz on his election victory but some were uneasy about the far-right, eurosceptic party that may enter the new government and has clashed with the bloc before. The Freedom Party (FPO) got around 26 percent of votes in Sunday s parliamentary vote, boosted by a European migration crisis in 2015 that affected Austria and also led Kurz to campaign on an anti-migration platform.  I don t have a problem with Sebastian Kurz as a person. We re not following the same line politically, that has never been the case and it never will be,  Luxembourg Foreign Minister Jean Asselborn said on arriving to talks with his EU peers.  He listed pro-European Austrian politicians as role models for Kurz and warned Vienna not to side with migration hardliners, including Hungary, whose government is also eurosceptic. Austria became a member of the European Union in 1995 after voting in favor of joining the bloc with a two-thirds majority. Recent opinion polls suggest three quarters of Austrians want the country to stay in the bloc. While the FPO had been a member of socialist-led governments in the 1980s, the anti-immigrant rhetoric of party leader Joerg Haider led to fierce criticism from EU neighbors when his party joined a government with the Christian Democrat OVP in 2000. The EU s 14 other member states at that time reduced bilateral cooperation with Austria until a report by senior diplomats found that the country s respect for human rights had not been diminished since the FPO joined the government. The party demanded a referendum only last year to exit the EU, as Britain is doing now. The FPO has toned down its anti-EU rhetoric in recent months but continues to call for weaker members to leave the euro zone and Austria to pay less into the common EU budget. Hungarian Foreign Minister Peter Szijjarto, entering the same talks in Luxembourg in which Kurz would normally also take part, said the 31-year-old Austrian conservative was his friend.   We are happy that a sister party of ours won the elections ... and we are happy that their candidate has won who in many cases represented similar positions regarding migration to the Hungarian government,  Szijjarto told reporters.  Szijjarto expected that the anti-immigration eastern EU states - Hungary, Poland, Slovakia and the Czech Republic - to work more closely with Austria now, which would only deepen the east-west divides weakening the bloc s unity.  As Austria turns to the right, the bloc s top official dealing with EU s ties vis- -vis its neighbors, Commissioner Johannes Hahn of Austria, sought to ease concerns that Vienna may become a new enfant terrible in the bloc.  One should not forget that only a year ago Austria elected the first Green president and now it looks as if the Greens will be kicked out of parliament. There is a huge volatility among voters,  Hahn said in Luxembourg.  Each government will have a very pro-European agenda because all the major political parties are very much committed to the European Union,  he added. ",1
17372,At least 20 killed in Portugal wildfires,"LISBON (Reuters) - At least 20 people died in a massive wave of wildfires raging across Portugal on Sunday and Monday in the worst such calamity since a blaze killed 64 people in June, state news agency Lusa cited civil protection officials as saying. Initially, officials put the death toll at six and no one was immediately available to confirm the rising death toll. The Portuguese government declared a state of public emergency in all the regions north of the Tagus river, a territory about half the size of continental Portugal. ",1
17373,Bengaluru building collapse kills at least five: officials,"BENGALURU (Reuters) - A multi-storey building collapsed in the south Indian city of Bengaluru on Monday, killing at least five people and injuring several, officials said. The accident occurred in a densely populated residential area in the south-east of the city after the suspected explosion of a cooking gas cylinder, they said.  Rescue operations were under way, according to media reports.  Five people have died and five have been rescued,  Bengaluru Development and Town Planning Minister K.J. George said on TV from the accident site.  The building is more than 20 years old. At around 6 a.m., there was a loud noise, either due to gas cylinder explosion or building collapse,  said Karnataka state home minister Ramalinga Reddy. ",1
17374,Pakistan deports Turkish school network's former director and family,"ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Pakistan has deported a former director of a chain of private Turkish schools along with his family, former school officials said on Monday, the day set for a court hearing on the deportation.  Turkey has accused the PakTurk Schools, set up in 1995, of having links to Turkish cleric Fethullah Gulen, or his  Hizmet  movement, which President Tayyip Erdogan says was behind a failed coup attempt last year. The chain of international schools and colleges denies such links but Pakistan, where Erdogan has made several state visits as the two countries forged close ties in recent years, ordered its Turkish teachers to leave the country last November. The schools remain open, run by Pakistani staff.     Mesut Kacmaz, his wife and two daughters were flown out of Pakistan after having being detained since September 20 in the eastern city of Lahore, the former school officials said.  The daughters called us and said they had been deported today, and the father and mother were in Ankara for interrogation and they believe they will be jailed afterwards,  said one former school official, who asked not to be identified for fear of reprisals by Pakistani authorities.   They were blindfolded and boarded an unmarked flight for Istanbul in the morning,  said former PakTurk employee Hasan Huseyin, citing the telephone call by the daughters from Turkey.  A Pakistani court had ordered the government not to deport the Kacmaz family until it had ruled on the case, whose next hearing had been scheduled for Monday.    Pakistan s Interior Ministry did not respond to requests for comment from Reuters. The Turkish embassy could not immediately be reached for comment.  The deportation was confirmed by a Pakistani government official who asked not to identified.  The Turkish family was taken into custody by a team of security officials,  the official added.  On Saturday, they were deported to Turkey from Islamabad on a special plane sent by the Turkish government.   More than 400 people were ordered to leave Pakistan but were given protection by the United Nations. About 40 people fled at the time fearing prosecution, while the rest, including Kacmaz s family, received asylum certificates until Nov. 24 this year.   On October 13, the certificates were renewed by the U.N. for an additional year, but the next day Mesut s family was deported,  the official said.  The Turkish embassy in Pakistan has refused to renew the passports of former PakTurk employees living in the country, or issue documents for newborn children, he added.  PakTurk educates more than 10,000 students in Pakistan but has employed no Turkish nationals since the South Asian nation asked them to leave.  ",1
17375,Philippine survey shows big support for Duterte's drugs war,"MANILA (Reuters) - Nearly nine out of 10 Filipinos support Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte s war on drugs, and almost three quarters believe extrajudicial killings are taking place in the bloody crackdown, an opinion poll showed on Monday. Thousands of Filipinos have died in Duterte s signature campaign, causing international alarm, amid widespread allegations by activists that police are executing suspected drug users and dealers. Police reject that and say every one of the more than 3,900 victims in their anti-narcotics operations were killed because they were armed and had violently resisted arrest. Eighty-eight percent of the 1,200 Filipinos surveyed last month by pollster Pulse Asia said they supported the campaign, while 9 percent were undecided and 2 percent were against it. (bit.ly/2ykRjJS) But 73 percent of respondents believed extrajudicial killings were taking place, up from 67 percent in the June poll. A fifth felt there were no such killings, down from 29 percent in June. Extrajudicial killings, often referred to locally as EJKs, is a contentious issue in the Philippines, where definitions of what it means vary from those typically used by international organizations and human rights groups. Pulse Asia in its survey defined the term as  killings done by people in authority, such as the police or soldiers, that do no follow the rule of law . National police chief Ronald dela Rosa said critics were so fixated by alleged summary executions that it had adversely impacted Filipinos  perception of the campaign.  They keep mentioning EJK so it seeps into their minds,  he said. Presidential spokesman Ernesto Abella said the poll showed Filipinos appreciate the government s efforts to tackle crime. He said Duterte was unambiguous about unlawful killings, having  made it absolutely clear that killing unarmed suspects who do not resist arrest is never allowed and will be punished.  Political analysts Ramon Casiple said the survey showed support for the drugs war by those who felt crime was falling, but reservations among those most affected.  Communities with reported deaths, generally urban poor communities, are getting increasingly concerned of the killings,  he said. The survey comes amid unprecedented scrutiny on the war on drugs and several opinion surveys by another pollster that indicated dwindling trust of police accounts of operations, and whether victims were indeed all drug dealers as the police have maintained. Duterte last week ordered police to withdraw from the anti-narcotics campaign and leave all operations to the Philippine Drug Enforcement Agency (PDEA) following scrutiny of police conduct. ",1
17376,EU foreign policy chief expects strong EU backing for Iran deal,"LUXEMBOURG (Reuters) - European Union foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini said on Monday she expected strong backing from EU foreign ministers for the 2015 nuclear deal between Iran and world powers that the U.S. President Donald Trump has repeatedly criticized.     It s an agreement that is working. It s an agreement that we need for our security, and I would expect from the ministers today a strong signal of European unity and its support and the full commitment to have it implemented by all sides,  Mogherini told reporters before a foreign ministers meeting in Luxembourg.  ",1
17377,Islamic State claims two rockets fired from Sinai into Israel,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Islamic state has claimed responsibility for two rockets fired on Sunday from Egypt s Sinai peninsula into Israel, an official statement by the group said on Monday.  The fighters confronted Israeli jets that flew above the state and targeted the Eshkol compound with two Grad rockets,  the statement said. There were no immediate reports of injuries or damage and the group did not provide evidence for its claim. ",1
17378,Iraqi forces capture North Oil Co. from Kurdish forces; no disruption to oil production,"BAGHDAD/KIRKUK, Iraq (Reuters) - Iraqi on Monday forces captured the headquarters for the North Oil Company, northwest of Kirkuk, and a nearby refinery from Kurdish forces, without fighting, an Iraqi oil official said. Iraq forces moved into the premises of Iraqi state-owned North Oil after taking the nearby K1 airbase, the Kirkuk-based official told Reuters. They were also deploying in the nearby Baba Gurgur field and the North Oil refinery. Oil and natural gas production from the Kirkuk region is proceeding normally despite the ongoing Iraqi military operation to seize the region form Kurdish forces, another Iraqi Oil Ministry official told Reuters in Baghdad.  Kurdish leaders we consider as our brothers have agreed to hand over control of North Oil and North Gas company facilities who belong to the state,  said a military commander involved in the operation.  We have an agreement with some Kurdish leaders that the oil and gas facilities should stay out of the conflict,  the ministry official said. North Oil contributes a small part of Iraq s overall crude production, pumped mainly from fields in the south. ",1
17379,Turkey ready to cooperate with Iraq against Kurdish militants: foreign ministry,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey is ready to cooperate fully with the central Iraqi government to end the presence of the outlawed Kurdish militant group PKK in Iraq, the foreign ministry said on Monday. In a statement, the ministry also said Ankara would stand by Baghdad to provide peace and stability in the country, as Iraqi forces captured several positions near Kirkuk from Kurdish fighters, following Kurdish northern Iraq s independence referendum last month. ",1
17380,Beijing proudly unveils mega-airport due to open in 2019,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China s capital unveiled the  shining example  of its 80 billion yuan ( 9.1 billion) new airport on Monday, tipped to become one of the world s largest when it opens in October 2019 amid a massive infrastructure drive overseen by President Xi Jinping.   Representatives showed off the sprawling skeleton of  Beijing New Airport , which is made up of 1.6 million cubic meters of concrete, 52,000 tonnes of steel and spans a total 47 sq km (18 sq miles), including runways.  It is expected to serve an initial 45 million passengers a year with an eventual capacity of 100 million, putting it on par with Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport.   Lined up together there s roughly 5 km of gates,  said project spokesman Zhu Wenxin.  It s a shining example of China s national production capacity.   Updates on the airport come as the ruling Communist Party is set to open its 19th congress later this week, a twice-a-decade leadership event where Xi will consolidate power and emphasize successful projects and policy from his first five years. The project, which broke ground in 2014, is one of the region s largest infrastructure investments under Xi s rule, which has been plagued by fears of slowing economic growth, offset slightly by a construction spree. China has sought to boost its profile as both an aviation hub and a manufacturer in recent years. The country s first home-grown passenger jet, the C919, lifted off on its maiden flight in May, edging into a multibillion-dollar market currently dominated by Boeing Co and Airbus SE. Situated 67 km south of Beijing, the airport technically falls in neighboring Hebei province, though it will eventually constitute its own development zone. It will relieve pressure on Beijing s existing international airport, to the northeast of Beijing and currently the world s second largest by passenger volume, which opened a new terminal worth $3.6 billion ( 2.7 billion) in 2008 ahead of the Beijing Summer Olympics.  The existing airport will continue to operate major international flights, though a third smaller domestic airport in the city s south will close in coming years.   Two of China s three major airlines, China Eastern Airlines Corp and China Southern Airlines Co, will relocate to the airport on completion, accounting for roughly four-fifths of the new airport s total traffic. The airport will be connected to Beijing by a high speed train with a top speed of 350 km an hour, as well as an inter-city train and a major expressway.  Original plans for the airport were made by French airports operator Aeroports de Paris, though third-party improvements to the original version make the final design  wholly domestic , said Zhu.  It s like a large flower, but made of steel,  said one construction worker on the site, who declined to share his name because he was not authorized to speak to press. ",1
17381,Trump hostility set to deepen Iran power struggles,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Iranians quickly closed ranks against a hawkish new U.S. approach to Tehran, but Iran s powerful hardliners are set to exploit the latest dispute with Washington to weaken domestic rivals who are open to the West, analysts and insiders say. President Donald Trump s warning on Friday that he might ultimately terminate a landmark 2015 nuclear deal sets the stage for an eventual resurgence of political infighting within Iran s complex power structures, officials said. If the accord signed by Iran and six major powers does start to fall apart, anyone who strongly promoted it, such as pragmatist President Hassan Rouhani, could face a career-damaging backlash.  That could leave Iran s security hardliners unchallenged at home, enabling greater Iranian assertiveness abroad that could worsen tensions in the Middle East, analysts say. For the moment, solidarity within the Islamic Republic s faction-ridden political elite is the priority.  What matters now is unity against the foreign enemy,  a senior official told Reuters on condition of anonymity, like other figures contacted within Iran because of the sensitivity of the matter.  Our national interest is a priority for all Iranian officials.  But Rouhani and pragmatists and reformist allies who promoted the deal, which lifted sanctions in return for Tehran rolling back technologies with nuclear bomb-making potential, may become increasingly politically vulnerable at home.  GOLDEN OPPORTUNITY  FOR ROUHANI S CRITICS Trump on Friday defied both U.S. allies and adversaries by refusing to formally certify that Tehran is complying with the accord even though international inspectors say it is.  The growing tension with America is a golden opportunity for hardliners to clip Rouhani s wings,  said a Rouhani ally, who was involved in the 18-month nuclear talks.  Iran s top authority, hardline Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, guardedly backed Rouhani when he opened the door to nuclear diplomacy with world powers, but has repeatedly expressed pessimism about Washington remaining committed to it. For Rouhani the stakes are high: His rapprochement with the world won him enhanced popularity at home and prestige abroad, dealing a setback to Khamenei s hardline allies, who oppose both detente with the West and domestic liberalization. Now the tables may be turning.   Hardliners will use Trump s threat as a Sword of Damocles over Rouhani s head ... While enjoying the economic benefits of the deal,  said Tehran-based political analyst Saeed Leylaz, referring to the lifting of tough oil and banking sanctions.   Rouhani and his detente policy with the world will be weakened if the deal does not survive,  another senior Iranian official said.   And of course an aggressive regional policy is inevitable.  Under Iran s unique dual system of clerical and republican rule, the elected president is subordinate to the unelected Khamenei, who has in the past reasserted control when infighting threatened the existence of the Islamic Republic. Trump s policy will play into the hands of hardliners eventually, said an ally of Khamenei.  What matters is the Islamic Republic and its interests.  TIT-FOR-TAT STEPS In reaction to Trump, Rouhani signaled Iran would withdraw from the agreement if it failed to preserve Tehran s interests. The survival of the deal now is up to the U.S. Congress, which might try to modify it or reimpose U.S. sanctions on Iran.  But even if the Congress refuses to consider sanctions, the deal could still be in jeopardy if Washington and Tehran resort to tit-for-tat retaliatory steps.   As long as both sides only exchange words, business will continue as usual,  said Leylaz.  Since the lifting of sanctions, Rouhani has started to repair an economy ravaged by a decade of restrictions on its vital oil industry and issued warm welcomes to global investors. But major European investors could think twice about involvement in Iran if tension mounts with the United States and uncertainty grows over survival of the accord.  If European companies don t have the comfort of a political agreement endorsed by the Americans they will say stop,  said a senior French diplomat. Among European firms that have announced big deals in Iran since the deal took effect are planemaker Airbus AIR.PA, French energy group Total TOTF.PA and Germany s Siemens SIEGn.DE.  Trump enraged Tehran by saying that the Revolutionary Guards, which have fought Iran s regional proxy wars for decades, was Khamenei s  corrupt personal terror force and militia . Rouhani said Iranians would always stand by the Guards.  Several officials agreed that Trump s hostility would not change Iran s regional behavior, determined by Khamenei. But if Trump somehow made good on his threats,  then Iran will adopt a harsher and aggressive regional policy,  said one of the officials familiar with Iran s decision-making policy. Iran and its rival Saudi Arabia accuse each other of fuelling regional tensions. The Sunni Muslim kingdom is at odds with Tehran s revolutionary Shi ite leaders in struggles across the Arab world, including Syria, Yemen, Iraq, Bahrain and Lebanon.  On social policy, Rouhani s scope to loosen restrictions on individual freedoms and rights would be crushed by hardliners if  he loses political prestige. Hardliners control the judiciary, security forces and state media.  Whenever pressured abroad, the regime increases pressure at home to silence any opposition,  said a former moderate official. ",1
17382,Catalan leader must drop independence by Thursday: Spain deputy PM,"MADRID (Reuters) - Spain s government will take control of Catalonia and rule it directly if Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont does not drop a bid to split the region from Spain by Thursday at 1000 a.m. (0800 GMT), deputy Prime Minister Soraya Saenz de Santamaria said.  Mr Puigdemont still has the opportunity to start resolving this situation, he must answer  yes  or  no  to the declaration (of independence),  Saenz de Santamaria said. Madrid had given Puigdemont until Monday 10:00 a.m. (0800 GMT) to clarify his position on independence with a  Yes  or  No , but the Catalan leader did not directly answer the question. ",1
17383,Thai hotels booked up ahead of funeral of revered king,"BANGKOK (Reuters) - Hotels in Bangkok s bustling old town, home to a backpacker enclave favored by foreign tourists, are booked up as Thailand prepares to host the lavish funeral of its revered King Bhumibol Adulyadej next week, the hotel association said on Monday. The funeral of King Bhumibol, who died on Oct. 13 last year after seven decades on the throne, will run for five days next week, with most events centering on the Grand Palace and Sanam Luang, a public square in the historic quarter. About 250,000 mourners are expected to attend the funeral, which will feature gold-tipped pavilions built for the occasion, and Oct. 26, the day of the cremation, has been declared a national holiday.  Many Thais wishing to attend the cremation feel it would be more convenient having a place to stay nearby, so most hotels have been booked out already,  Supawan Tanomkieatipume, president of the Thai Hotels Association, told Reuters. A Reuters survey of three hotels on the Khao San Road, the main artery of the Banglamphu backpacker area, found no rooms were available.  We are fully booked during the royal cremation,  said Preechaya Amngeun, 23, a guest services agent at the Ibis Styles Bangkok Khaosan Viengtai, part of French hotel group Accor.  Around 80 percent of the guests we have are Thais. The other 20 percent are foreign tourists.  Thailand s tourism industry, which accounts for 12 percent of GDP, has been a rare bright spot for an economy that has struggled since a 2014 coup. It has weathered political turbulence and a major natural disaster over the past decade. (This story has been refiled to insert place in dateline) ",1
17384,Russia condemns North Korea nuclear tests: agencies,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Moscow condemns North Korea s nuclear tests and calls on North Korea and the international community to comply with all U.N. resolutions, Russian news agencies quoted the speaker of the Russian parliament s upper house as saying on Monday.  Valentina Matvienko s comments came at a meeting with a South Korean parliamentary delegation in St Petersburg. Russia has been trying, so far unsuccessfully, to persuade the delegations of North and South Korea to hold direct talks.  ",1
17385,Germany's Gabriel warns of military escalation over Iran deal,"LUXEMBOURG (Reuters) - German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel warned on Monday that threats from U.S. President Donald Trump to pull out from the Iran nuclear accord could provoke military confrontation, adding such a move could also make exacerbate the North Korea crisis.  As Europeans together, we are very worried that the decision of the U.S. President could lead us back into military confrontation with Iran,  Gabriel told reporters ahead of a meeting with fellow European foreign ministers. Gabriel said he would be discussing how to save the deal - to which Britain, France, Germany, Russia, China, Iran and the European Union are also signatories - with his European Union colleagues. Senior Trump administration officials said on Sunday that the United States was committed to remaining part of the Iran nuclear accord for now, despite Trump s criticisms of the deal and his warnings that he might pull out. ",1
17386,Philippines vows to crush pro-Islamic State groups after two leaders killed,"MANILA (Reuters) - The Philippines  military chief vowed no letup on Monday in hunting down and destroying extremist groups loyal to Islamic State, saying Marawi City would be retaken within days after the pivotal killing of two top rebel commanders. General Eduardo Ano said the successful operation to take out the two leaders was a  triumph of good over evil  and urged the 30 militants remaining in a shrinking combat zone to surrender and free hostages as troops stepped up their fight.  It will be just a matter of days before it will finally be declared that Marawi has been liberated from the clutches of terrorists,  Ano told a televised news conference.  There will be no let up. It s about time to end these terrorists.  Isnilon Hapilon, Islamic State s anointed  emir  in Southeast Asia, was shot in the head by a sniper and Omarkhayam Maute, one of two Middle East-educated  Khalifas  at the helm of the militant alliance, died of a chest wound in a targeted operation during the night, officials said. The mission came after a freed hostage disclosed the leaders  location. Ano said the bodies had been recovered and identified by experts and by captured rebels. The deaths of Hapilon and Maute is a major win for a  military criticized for its slow progress in retaking Marawi and the ease with which rebels laid siege to it on May 23, before holding the heart of the city for nearly five months. The United States has for years offered a bounty of up to $5 million for the elusive Hapilon over his activities as a faction leader of Abu Sayyaf, a group notorious for kidnapping, piracy and for beheading hostages, including foreigners. Experts say Hapilon was an Islamist ideologue who took fighters from his faction to join forces with the Maute clan, a well-funded extremist group on the island of Mindanao that emerged only last year. Abdullah Maute, the alliance s military commander, was reported killed in August, though no body was found. Ano said another key operative, Malaysian Mahmud Ahmad, was believed to be in the battle zone.   The leaders have been central to rebels regrouping, re-arming and recruiting after previous clashes over the past two years, growing stronger each time.   The alliance, Dawla Islamiya, has been bolstered by fighters from Indonesia, Malaysia, Singapore and the Middle East, among other countries. Experts say foreigners have aided funding and recruiting, preying on vulnerable youth, as shown by the presence of teenagers and child soldiers in Marawi. The military will target the destruction of all groups tied to Islamic State by the end of the year, Ano said.  There will be no let-up. It s about time to end these terrorists in Mindanao. The resistance, or what s left of it, the terrorists, will crumble. It is a dead end, there is nowhere else to go.  Rommel Banlaoi, head of the Philippine Institute for Political Violence and Terrorism Research, warned of retaliatory attacks from leaders  deputies, who would assume control.  He described Monday s operation as a  tremendous setback  to Islamic State loyalists, but said security forces should avoid complacency, boost intelligence and tackle recruitment.  We have seen many times in the past, the death of key leaders will not prevent the terrorist organizations from wreaking havoc,  Banlaoi told news channel ANC. More than 300,000 Filipinos have been displaced by the fighting, which authorities say has killed 824 rebels, 47 civilians and 162 military. The occupation has been the biggest internal security crisis in the Catholic-majority Philippines for years, compounding fears that Islamic State s extremist agenda and its advanced recruitment methods are more widespread than previously thought. Defence Secretary Delfin Lorenzana said defense chiefs would assess whether to lift martial law in Mindanao. He said all cities on the island of 22 million people were vulnerable to attack, but authorities were vigilant. ",1
17387,Presidential vote runner-up in Kyrgyzstan concedes defeat,"BISHKEK (Reuters) - Kyrgyz opposition leader Omurbek Babanov said on Monday he had lost Sunday s presidential election after preliminary figures showed his main opponent winning outright with more than 50 percent of the vote. Babanov said he planned no immediate public protests in Kyrgyzstan, although his campaign staff would follow up on all reported violations of electoral rules.  ",1
17388,"Kyrgyzstan vote count problems ""significant"": OSCE-led observers","BISHKEK (Reuters) - European observers said on Monday there had been  numerous and significant procedural problems  during the vote count in Kyrgyzstan s presidential election on Sunday, but praised the orderly transfer of power in the volatile Central Asian nation. The vote was competitive and candidates could, in general, campaign freely, although cases of misuse of public resources, pressure on voters and vote-buying remained a concern, the observer mission led by the Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) said in a statement. ",1
17389,Bombs kill Pakistani soldiers hunting U.S.-Canadian family's kidnappers,"ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Bomb blasts killed a Pakistani army officer and three soldiers  searching for the kidnappers of a freed U.S.-Canadian family in a tribal region bordering Afghanistan, Pakistani and U.S. officials said. Pakistan s army said the attacks in Kurram tribal district on Sunday also wounded three soldiers during the search for those who held American Caitlan Coleman, her Canadian husband, Joshua Boyle, and their three children hostage. The family were freed on Wednesday when the Pakistani army shot out the tires of a vehicle carrying the family during a rescue based on intelligence shared by U.S. authorities.  A local government official, Baseer Khan, said an improvised explosive device exploded when a military bomb disposal squad was scanning the route, and the other two bombs went off when an army team reached the site.   The Pakistani Taliban claimed responsibility.  These personnel were searching for the kidnappers of a U.S. citizen and her family,  said David Hale, U.S. Ambassador to Pakistan, in a statement.  We remain extremely grateful for the Pakistani military s quick response and successful humanitarian operation allowing Caitlan Coleman and her family to return home safely.  The family s rescue has been hailed by U.S. President Donald Trump as a  positive moment  for U.S.-Pakistan relations, which have frayed in recent years amid Washington s assertions that Islamabad has not been doing enough to tackle Taliban-linked Haqqani militants who are believed to be on Pakistani soil. Coleman and Boyle were held by Haqqani militants who kidnapped them while backpacking in Afghanistan in 2012.  The Pakistani army has indicated that the captors were tracked shortly after entering from Afghanistan, although it remains unclear whether the family were kept in Afghanistan for all five years, or in Pakistan for some of the time.  Haqqani militants, once termed by a U.S. general a veritable arm of Pakistan s top spy agency, the Inter Service Intelligence (ISI), operate on both sides of the long porous border.     Boyle, in a video statement released by the Pakistani military, called his captors criminals and pagans who had nothing to do with Islam. Boyle described the operation to free his family as  incredibly  professional.  I did see the truth, and the truth was that car was riddled with bullets,  he said.  The ISI and the army got between the criminals and that car to make sure that the prisoners were safe, my family was safe.     ",1
17390,Spanish government says Catalan response not valid: media,"MADRID (Reuters) - The response from Catalonia s leader on Monday, in answer to a government requirement to clarify whether he had declared independence, was not valid, Spain s Justice Minister Rafael Catala said on Monday according to Spanish news agency Efe. Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont failed to clarify his stance on independence and instead said he and Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy should meet as soon as possible to start talks over the next two months. Rajoy had said Puigdemont should answer the formal requirement with a simple  Yes  or  No  and that any ambiguous response would be considered a confirmation that a declaration of independence had been made, paving the way for the central government to take control of the region and rule it directly. Spain s Deputy Prime Minister Soraya Saenz de Santamaria is due to make a statement at 10:30 a.m. (0830 GMT). ",1
17391,Philippine military chief says 'matter of days' before Marawi liberated,"MANILA (Reuters) - The Philippine military will liberate southern Marawi City in a matter of days, the country s armed forces chief said on Monday, after the deaths of two key militant leaders he said would lead to the crumbling of a pro-Islamic state alliance. The bodies of Omarkhayam Maute and Isnilon Hapilon had been retrieved and identified by authorities, but there were still about 30 fighters in the combat zone who were in disarray, General Eduardo Ano told a televised news conference. Top Malaysian operative Mahmud Ahmad and foreign fighters were still believed to be in the battle zone, he said, adding that there would be  no letup  in the fight to wipe out groups loyal to Islamic State after Marawi was retaken.  ",1
17392,"Indonesia considers ban on ""destructive"" LGBT-related TV content","JAKARTA (Reuters) - Days after a long-running Indonesian television comedy aired last month, its producers got a letter from the broadcast commission warning that a male character in the show was  dressed and behaving like a woman  and could violate broadcasting standards.  We evaluated the show...we immediately reminded our staff to be careful because we are minimizing LGBT content on our network,  said Anita Wulandari Prasojo, head of marketing and public relations at Trans7, the private television station that aired the show  Opera van Java  last month. She may have to do more than that in the future. Indonesia s parliament is considering national legislation that would ban lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) content from TV screens by the end of the year.  The draft bill, which Reuters reviewed, would revise the broadcasting law to scrub content with  LGBT behavior . Broadcasts and advertisements that show  lesbian, homosexual, bisexual and transgender behavior  would be banned. It does not explicitly define  LGBT behavior . Lawmakers told Reuters the ban could include dramas with gay characters, traditional folk or comedic performances with cross-dressing or  effeminate  men, and broadcasts advocating LGBT rights. It would be the latest measure targeting the LGBT community in a rising tide of hostility in the world s third-largest democracy.  Indonesian police last week briefly detained 51 people, including eight foreigners, at a  gay spa  in Jakarta, one of several raids targeting the LGBT community.      LGBT is not criminal, but if it enters the public sphere, if it s broadcast to the public, then of course it must be regulated,  said Bobby Rizaldi, a member of parliament involved in drafting the law. Another MP, Hanafi Rais, said  LGBT is an abnormality .      It is destructive for our younger generations. If the content has no educational qualities, and is only for commercial or advertising purposes, then we must reject it,  Hanafi said. If the content was aimed at  fixing the abnormality , then it would be allowed, he added. The United Nations human rights office on Friday condemned anti-gay crackdowns in Indonesia, Egypt, and Azerbaijan.   Arresting or detaining people based on their actual or perceived sexual orientation or gender identity is by definition arbitrary and violates international law,  UN human rights spokesperson Rupert Colville told a news briefing. In May, police detained 141 men at another gay sauna, and reportedly strip-searched them before marching them almost naked from the venue into police vehicles. Photos were then shared on social media in what activists considered an abuse of power and violation of privacy. Police have used a controversial anti-pornography law that outlaws any physical display of sexual relations to justify the raids. Activists say the law is too sweeping and can be abused to target the LGBT minority. Homosexuality is not a crime in Indonesia, which has the world s largest Muslim population, except in the ultra-conservative Aceh province which enforces Islamic law.  Programs like  Opera van Java , are a regular fixture on Indonesian TV. Drawing on Indonesia s traditional performance arts and folk tales, they often depict transgender and transvestite characters. The transgender community, known locally as  waria  - a contraction of the Indonesian words for woman and man - is largely accepted in most parts of the country. The entertainment industry fears the proposed broadcasting restrictions could end up further discriminating against the LGBT community.  This is a serious issue that can impact our industry because it will stifle creativity,  said Nanda Persada, head of the Indonesian Association of Managers for Artists.   LGBT artists have had to adjust their behavior to avoid sanction. They can t be as expressive,  he said. Artists have been told in programming meetings at private TV stations not to be  over the top  and scripts have had to be rewritten, Persada said. Prominent gay rights activist Dede Oetomo said the draft law was misinformed. It did not take into account local cultures where transgender people are an accepted part of society in which traditional performances, based on ancient myths, can feature transgender characters.      It just shows the ruling elite has lost touch with our traditions,  Oetomo said.  It s already difficult to be LGBT here. ..but in the long run, we will continue to protest and fight,  he said. The draft legislation, put forward by the commission on information, is pending approval from a plenary session of parliament later this year. ",1
17393,New Zealand likely to announce new government by end of week,"WELLINGTON (Reuters) - New Zealand acting Prime Minister Bill English said on Monday it could take until the end of the week to confirm the country s next government following an inconclusive election last month. The country has been in political limbo since Sept. 23 when neither the National Party, which has led the government since 2008, or the Labour Party, won enough seats to form a government. That left the nationalist New Zealand First Party in a position to determine the next government and leader Winston Peters spent five days last week holding negotiations with both major parties. English, who heads the National Party told Radio New Zealand there were a number of issues still to be worked out, including ministerial appointments. He said his staff were going back and forth with NZ First on policy issues over the weekend.  While New Zealand First are having a discussion today they won t be dealing with completed agreements because there s still outstanding issues,  English said. When asked whether he anticipated a confirmed government by the end of the week, English replied:  I would expect so, yes . Peters was meeting with his party s board on Monday. He has said the board must meet before a final decision can be made. Peters also told local radio there would be an agreement by the end of the week, but did not want to  put a time on it . A spokeswoman for NZ First later told Reuters there would be no announcement on Monday and that the meeting would continue into the night and then again on Tuesday morning. Peters had originally expected to reach a decision by Oct. 12.  The political uncertainty has knocked 2.2 percent off the New Zealand dollar since the vote last month and recent surveys have shown it is weighing on business sentiment and economic activity. Growth in New Zealand s services sector slipped in September as the inconclusive election hit sales activity, a survey showed on Monday. Labour leader Jacinda Ardern on Saturday released a video on YouTube in which she defended the process dragging on.  If you re going to form a government, of course you need to understand one another s policy positions, where you have consensus and the kind of government you want to form ... It s only natural that that would take a little bit of time,  she said. NZ First s policies are more aligned with those of Labour - both favor curbing immigration and foreign ownership, renegotiating certain trade deals and changes to the central bank s approach to monetary policy. But observers have said that a two-way coalition is much simpler to put together than one involving three parties. The Greens and Labour would have to get together for the left-wing parties to form a government. ",1
17394,Iraq says captures positions south of Kirkuk from Kurdish forces,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqi forces have captured several positions south of Kirkuk from Kurdish forces including the North Gas Company station, a nearby processing plant and the industrial district south of the city, an Iraqi military statement said on Monday.  Forces are continuing to advance,  it said.  ",1
17395,Top international lawyers say Hong Kong rule of law under threat,"HONG KONG (Reuters) - The jailing of three Hong Kong democracy activists this year is a serious threat to the city s rule of law, a group of senior international lawyers said on Monday, adding the independence of the judiciary risks becoming a  charade . Joshua Wong, Alex Chow and Nathan Law were sentenced to community service last year for unlawful assembly but were dealt harsher punishments of jail in August after a government appeal. Hong Kong, a former British colony, returned to Chinese rule in 1997 under a  one country, two systems  formula that promises it a high degree of autonomy and freedoms not enjoyed on the mainland, including an independent judiciary. In an open letter, 12 lawyers including former lord chancellor Charles Falconer criticized the imprisonment of the trio, who were among the leaders of the democracy protests in late 2014 that drew hundreds of thousands at their peak.  The independence of the judiciary, a pillar of Hong Kong, risks becoming a charade, at the beck and call of the Chinese Communist Party,  the lawyers said.  Hong Kong s rule of law and basic freedoms, at the heart of the principle of  one country, two systems , now face grave threats.     They described the 2014 democracy demonstrations as  one of the most peaceful public protests the world has seen .  A series of court cases against about 100 young democracy activists has, however, shaken confidence in the city s vaunted rule of law and critics fear a watering down of its freedoms and creeping interference by Communist Party rulers in Beijing. The lawyers  letter comes amid heightened criticism of mainland Chinese authorities over what some Hong Kong and international observers see as increased meddling by Beijing in the former British colony s affairs.  Among the letter s signatories were Geoffrey Nice, former chief prosecutor in the trial of Serbia s Slobodan Milosevic, human rights lawyer Jared Genser who represented Chinese dissident Liu Xiaobo and Kirsty Brimelow, chairwoman of the Bar Human Rights Committee of England and Wales.  The letter comes days after British activist Benedict Rogers, who has been critical of Hong Kong s rights record, was barred entry to the territory, prompting demands for an explanation from British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson.  Hong Kong has, on occasion, barred entry to dissidents, including former leaders of the 1989 Tiananmen Square protests in Beijing and a Dutch sculptor who made a Tiananmen sculpture, though other Tiananmen activists have been allowed in for short visits. China said after Benedict was denied entry that it had the right to bar people from Hong Kong and that it had complained to Britain after it demanded an explanation. ",1
17396,South Korea police seek arrest warrant for Hanjin Group chief,"SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korean police are seeking an arrest warrant for Cho Yang-ho, chairman of Hanjin Group, the parent of Korean Air Lines Co Ltd, on charges of breach of trust following their probe into construction work at his house, a police official said on Monday. In July, police raided the headquarters of Korean Air Lines, South Korea s top airline, as part of an investigation into allegations that company funds were used to pay for the renovation work at Cho s home. A Korean Air spokesman declined to comment.  ",1
17397,Cambodia's parliament votes for party law changes as opposition future in limbo,"PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - Cambodia s parliament voted to change party laws on Monday to re-distribute seats if a party is dissolved after the government filed a lawsuit earlier this month to dissolve the main opposition party, part of an escalating political crisis. Lawyers from the interior ministry filed a lawsuit on Oct. 6 to demand the dissolution of the opposition Cambodia National Rescue Party (CNRP), in a move that would help Prime Minister Hun Sen to extend his 32-year rule when the nation votes in an election next year. The latest move comes amid growing concern from the United Nations and rights groups over what they say is Cambodia s deteriorating human rights and political situation ahead of the key election. It follows an exodus by several opposition figures - nearly half of Cambodia s opposition parliamentarians fled abroad in September and early October - as Hun Sen moves to tighten his grip on power by silencing critics in the lead-up to the polls. The attempt to disband the CNRP comes after its leader, Kem Sokha, was charged with treason following his arrest on Sept.3.   The government said the CNRP had conspired with foreign advisors to topple the government, citing a 2013 video clip that shows Kem Sokha talking about a plan to take power with the help of Americans. Monday s parliamentary vote on the new amendments was supported by all 67 parliamentarians present from Hun Sen s ruling Cambodian People s Party (CPP), while the CNRP boycotted the morning session. Under the new laws,  if a political party abandons its seats, is delisted, is disbanded or dissolved, a list of candidates or members of parliament of that party are no longer valid and beneficial.   The laws require that National Election Committee re distribute seats to other parties participating in elections within seven days. Cheam Yeap, a lawmaker from the ruling CPP party, said the amendments were aimed at  guaranteeing long lasting political stability  in Cambodia.  Seeing the actions of betraying the nation and people by the CNRP leader Kem Sokha, with the obvious evidence, the signatory lawyers asked for the amendments on these four laws,  Cheam Yeap told the parliament on Monday. There was no debate on the amendments on Monday and the government has not provided new evidence against Kem Sokha, besides the 2013 video. Mu Sochua, deputy president of the opposition CNRP, who fled Cambodia earlier this month in fear of arrest, said that parliament s move was unconstitutional.  It s a total violation of the constitution and the will of the people. The highest national institution - the National Assembly will not be legitimate,  Mu Sochua, who has called for targeted sanctions against Cambodia, told Reuters by e-mail.   Authors and anyone adopting the proposed amendments will take part in putting an end to democracy in Cambodia.  ",1
17398,"Opposition challenges Venezuelan socialists' vote win, urges protests","CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuela s opposition coalition refused to recognize the results of Sunday s gubernatorial elections where the ruling socialists won a surprise majority, raising the specter of more political turmoil in the oil-rich nation. The Democratic Unity s election campaign chief, Gerardo Blyde, demanded a complete audit of the 23 governor races and called on its candidates to lead  street activities  on Monday in protest over the results.  ",1
17399,Japan ruling bloc heads for big election win despite voter distaste for PM Abe: poll,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe s ruling coalition is on track for a big win in Sunday s general election - even though almost half the country s voters don t want him to keep his job, a media survey showed on Monday. Behind that paradox is a fizzling challenge by an upstart party led by Tokyo Governor Yuriko Koike, a divided opposition and jitters about a volatile North Korea that incline wary voters toward a safe pair of hands, political analysts said. Abe s Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) is set to win between 281 to 303 seats in the 465-member lower house, while its junior coalition partner the Komeito is on track to take 30-33 seats, the Mainichi newspaper said, based on an Oct. 13-15 survey. That would put the ruling bloc on track to maintain the two-third s  super majority  it held before the chamber was dissolved for the snap election.  That means Abe s grip on his post is all but assured when parliament convenes to elect a premier after Sunday s poll. The Mainichi survey, however, showed 47 percent of voters would prefer not to see Abe stay in his post. Abe took office nearly five years ago promising to bolster defense and boost growth with his  Abenomics  strategy. Thirty-seven percent want him to remain.  Abe is not popular, but his party is trusted by enough voters to win big if only because the new parties are untested and have not generated excitement,  said Jeffrey Kingston, director of Asian studies at Temple University Japan. An electoral system where 289 seats are from single-member districts where the candidate with a plurality of votes wins and others get no representation at all also means a split opposition benefits Abe s LDP. The rest of the chamber s seats are from proportional representation blocs. Koike s fledgling Party of Hope, which the former LDP lawmaker launched last month as a  reformist, conservative  alternative to the LDP, is likely to win between 42-54 seats. The Party of Hope absorbed a big chunk of the failed main opposition Democratic Party. But an early burst of voter enthusiasm seems to have dissipated after Koike declined to run for a lower house seat or say whom her party would back as a candidate for premier. The party s platform also shares much of Abe s hawkish security agenda, but differs by promising to freeze a planned sales tax hike and to exit nuclear power by 2030. A smaller Constitutional Democratic Party of Japan (CDPJ), formed by liberal members from the Democratic Party, was set to win between 45-49 seats, the Mainichi said - raising the possibility that it might become the leading opposition group. The CDPJ  crept up from nowhere,  Kingston said.  It is clear there are a lot of people who feel left by the wayside by Abenomics.  The Mainichi forecasts were based on responses from 73,087 voters nationwide. ",1
17400,Pro-Islamic State leaders killed by Philippine troops: defense minister,"MANILA (Reuters) - Two leaders of a militant alliance loyal to the Islamic State group were killed on Monday in clashes with the armed forces of the Philippines in southern Marawi City, the defense minister said on Monday.  They were killed,  Defence Secretary Delfin Lorenzana told reporters, referring to Omarkhayam Maute and Isnilon Hapilon. Another rebel commander, Malaysian Mahmud Ahmad, was still at large, he said. Hapilon is the anointed  emir  of Islamic State in Southeast Asia, and Omarkhayam Maute is one of two brothers at the helm of the militant group that has been fighting the military since a siege of Marawi City began on May 23. ",1
17401,U.S. State Department says 'very concerned' about reports of Kirkuk confrontation,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. State Department said on Sunday it was watching developments in the disputed region of Kirkuk and was  very concerned  about reports of a confrontation, after Iraqi government forces clashed with Kurdish Peshmerga.  We are monitoring the situation in Kirkuk closely and are very concerned by reports of a confrontation,  a State Department official said.  We are engaged with all parties in Iraq to de-escalate tension.  The Iraqi government earlier said its forces took control of  vast areas  in the Kirkuk region, including oilfields west of the city, in the early hours of Monday, Iraqi state TV said. However the Kurdistan Regional Government disputed the assertions.   ",1
17402,Venezuela opposition says 'suspicious' vote results coming,"CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuela s opposition coalition said on Sunday the pro-government election board was about to announce dubious results of regional elections, paving the way for a potential fraud dispute.  We have serious suspicions and doubts over the results they are going to announce,  the Democratic Unity s election campaign chief, Gerardo Blyde, told reporters, after opposition leaders said earlier they were sure of a major victory.  ",1
17403,"NATO ships hold missile defense drill near Scotland, Pentagon says","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Warships from eight NATO countries participated in live-fire self-defense exercises of ship and missile systems near Scotland on Sunday the U.S. Department of Defense said. Ships from Canada, France, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Spain, the United Kingdom and the United States defended against a medium-range missile as well as three anti-ship cruise missiles. The USS Donald Cook successfully intercepted a medium-range missile with a Standard Missile-3 Block IB guided missile during the exercise, the Pentagon said.  Three anti-ship cruise missiles were fired upon by Spanish and Dutch ships participating in the  Formidable Shield  exercises in the U.K. Ministry of Defense s Hebrides Range located on the Western Isles of Scotland.  The U.S. Department of Defense said this was the first time NATO s  smart defense  concept was demonstrated with some ships providing protection to other vessels targeting ballistic missiles. The Formidable Shield exercise began on Sept. 24 and is scheduled to conclude on Wednesday. The Pentagon said the exercise is planned to be a biennial event and is designed to assure allies, deter adversaries and demonstrate U.S. commitment to collective defense of the NATO alliance. Following the NATO exercises, the U.S. Missile Defense Agency successfully test-fired a Standard Missile-6 (SM-6) from the USS McFaul. The SM-6 test was not part of the Formidable Shield exercise, the Pentagon said. ",1
17404,Macedonia's pro-Western Social Democrats claim victory in local elections,"SKOPJE (Reuters) - Macedonia s ruling Social Democrats claimed victory in municipal elections on Sunday, signaling large-scale support for the new government that has pledged to speed up the small Balkan country s accession to NATO and the European Union.  The Social Democrats of Prime Minister Zoran Zaev and the nationalist VMRO-DPMNE, which had ruled Macedonia for a decade, faced off in about 50 municipalities in which Macedonians make up the majority. Ethnic Albanians make up the majority in the remaining 35 municipalities.  SDSM party official Mile Zecevic said his party won in 40 municipalities, calling it  a victory of democracy.  Victory secured the Social Democrats the backing to implement their pro-Western policies, which the nationalists see as damaging for the state and its citizens.  Zaev took office in May, nearly six months after December elections, ending a two-year political crisis over a wiretapping scandal that brought down the previous government. His coalition deal with parties representing ethnic Albanians, who make up nearly one third of the country s population, angered nationalists, who stormed the parliament in April after an ethnic Albanian was elected parliament s speaker. VMRO-DPMNE, the single biggest party in the parliament, questioned the regularity of the vote.  Party leader and former Prime Minister Nikola Gruevski said Sunday s vote  passed in undemocratic atmosphere and unfair conditions.  During the campaign, Zaev said:  Macedonia will be the 30th member of NATO and will start (membership) negotiations with the EU.  He also pledged to make progress in talks with Greece over a name dispute.  Greece has blocked Skopje s efforts to join the EU and NATO, saying the name Macedonia implies a territorial claim to its own northern province of the same name.  Macedonia, an ex-Yugoslav republic of about 2 million people, declared independence in 1991 and avoided the violence that accompanied the breakup of Yugoslavia. It was later rocked by an insurgency among its large ethnic Albanian minority that almost tore the country apart in 2001. ",1
17405,Final assault starts on Syria's Raqqa as some Islamic State fighters quit,"AIN ISSA, Syria/BEIRUT (Reuters) - U.S.-backed militias launched their  final  assault on Syria s Raqqa on Sunday after letting a convoy of Islamic State fighters and their families quit the city, leaving only a hardcore of jihadists to mount a last stand.   The battle will continue until the whole city is clean,  said a statement by the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), a U.S.-backed alliance of Kurdish and Arab militias.  SDF spokesman Talal Selo told Reuters that  no more than 200-300  foreign militants remained to fight on in the city after the convoy left.  This is the final battle,  he said.  Under the withdrawal deal between Islamic State and tribal elders, the jihadists would let all other civilians trapped in Raqqa have safe passage out of the city, he said. Selo added that he believed only a few may have remained. Raqqa s fall to the SDF now looks imminent after four months of battle hemmed the Islamic State jihadists into a small, bomb-cratered patch of the city.   We still expect there to be difficult fighting,  said Colonel Ryan Dillon, spokesman for the U.S.-led international coalition backing the SDF in the war against Islamic State with air strikes and special forces. The coalition will continue to operate on the basis that civilians remain in Raqqa, he said. Raqqa was the first big Syrian city that Islamic State seized as it declared a  caliphate  and rampaged through Syria and Iraq in 2014, becoming an operations center for attacks abroad and the stage for some of its darkest atrocities.  But Islamic State has been in retreat for two years, losing swathes of territory in both countries and forced back into an ever-diminishing foothold along the Euphrates river valley.   Last night, the final batch of fighters (who had agreed to leave) left the city,  said Mostafa Bali, another SDF spokesman.  There were conflicting accounts as to how many people left in the convoy.  Selo said 275 Syrian militants left along with their family members. Laila Mostafa, head of the Raqqa Civil Council formed under SDF auspices to oversee the city, said that figure included both the fighters and their family members. In a statement, she denied an earlier comment by another council member that some foreign fighters had left in the convoy.  Before the evacuation, the coalition estimated that about 300-400 fighters were still holed up in the Islamic State enclave. Fighters who left in the convoy, which the coalition is tracking, had given biometric data including fingerprints, Dillon said.  The convoy was still in territory held by the SDF on Sunday morning, Selo said.  Bali described the civilians who left with Islamic State fighters in the convoy as human shields. The jihadists had refused to release them once they left the city as agreed, wanting to take them as far as their destination to guarantee their own safety, he said.  Such withdrawals of fighters along with groups of civilians have grown commonplace in Syria s six-year war, as a way for besieging forces to accelerate the fall of populated areas.  The convoy would head to the remaining Islamic State territory in eastern Syria, Omar Alloush of the Raqqa Civil Council had said on Saturday.  The agreement was brokered by the council and tribal elders to  minimize civilian casualties , the coalition has said. Tribal leaders from Raqqa said they sought to prevent bloodshed among civilians still trapped in the city.  If there are any civilians remaining (in the enclave) they would be the families of those foreigners. The civilians exited completely,  Selo said on Sunday.  The SDF s decision to hasten the battle s end by allowing Islamic State fighters to leave Raqqa was at odds with the stated wishes of the U.S.-led coalition that backs the militias.  Dillon said it was not involved in the evacuation but added:  We may not always fully agree with our partners at times. But we have to respect their solutions.  In August, the coalition spent weeks preventing a convoy of Islamic State evacuees from an enclave on the Syrian-Lebanon border from reaching jihadist territory in eastern Syria.  The SDF launched the battle for Raqqa on June 6 after a months-long campaign to isolate the city against the north bank of the Euphrates.  Islamic State, then known as Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant, had captured the city in January 2014, seizing it from rebel factions which had ousted the Syrian army a few months earlier.  As the group became more entrenched in Syria and Iraq leading up to its capture of Mosul in June that year, Raqqa became its most important center, and it celebrated its series of victories with a massive parade through the city.  Many of its top leaders were at times based there, and former hostages said Mohammed Emwazi, better known as Jihadi John, imprisoned them along with those he later executed, in a building near an oil installation near the city.  The group killed dozens of captured Syrian soldiers there in July 2014 and it was also the site of a slave market for Yazidi women captured in Iraq and given to fighters.  The coalition has said Raqqa was a hub for attacks abroad, and in November 2015, after militants killed more than 130 people in Paris, France launched air strikes on Islamic State targets inside Raqqa.  But the group is now in disarray. In Syria it does not only face the U.S.-backed SDF offensive but a rival one by the Syrian army supported by Russia, Iran and allied Shi ite militias.  A Syrian military source said on Saturday the army had captured the city of al-Mayadin in the Euphrates valley, leaving Islamic State only a few more towns and villages, and surrounding desert territory, in Syria.  But the battle for Raqqa has come at great cost to its people. Intense coalition air strikes and the months of street-to-street fighting have pulverized much of the city. Thousands of people have fled as refugees and hundreds of civilians have died.  ",1
17406,U.S. officials try to ease concerns Trump may quit Iran deal,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Senior Trump administration officials said on Sunday that the United States was committed to remaining part of the Iran nuclear accord for now, despite President Donald Trump s criticisms of the deal and his warnings that he might pull out. Nikki Haley, U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, said that Tehran is complying with the 2015 nuclear accord intended to increase Iran s accountability in return for the lifting of some economic sanctions.  I think right now, you re going to see us stay in the deal,  Haley told NBC s  Meet the Press.  In a speech on Friday, Trump laid out an aggressive approach on Iran and said he would not certify it is complying with the nuclear accord, despite a determination by the United Nations  nuclear watchdog that Tehran is meeting its terms. The Republican president threw the issue to the U.S. Congress, which has 60 days to decide whether to reinstate U.S. sanctions. He warned that if  we are not able to reach a solution working with Congress and our allies, then the agreement will be terminated.  So far, none of the other signatories to the deal - Britain, France, Germany, Russia, China, Iran and the European Union - have cited serious concerns, leaving the United States isolated. In her  Meet the Press  interview, Haley said the United States was not saying that Iran was in breach of the agreement, but she raised concerns about its activities that are not covered by the pact, including weapons sales and sponsorship of militant groups such as Hezbollah. Haley said that other countries were  turning a blind eye  to these Iranian activities in order to  protect  the nuclear agreement. She said the United States needed to weigh a  proportionate  response to Tehran s actions on the world stage.  The goal at the end of the day is to hold Iran accountable,  Haley said in the interview, which mainly focused on the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, as the nuclear deal is formally known. Haley and U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson hammered away at the need to address what they see as shortcomings in the two-year-old international accord while simultaneously placing pressure to rein in Iranian activities outside the scope of that deal. Tillerson, alluding to other signatory countries  opposition to reopening the Iran pact, raised the possibility of  a second agreement  to run parallel to the existing one. Among the  areas of concern  he mentioned were its sunset provisions and Tehran s ballistic missile program. Haley also said the reason the United States was looking closely at the Iran nuclear deal is because of escalating tensions over North Korea s nuclear weapons development.  What we re saying now with Iran is don t let it become the next North Korea.  On Friday, Trump also said he was authorizing the U.S. Treasury to sanction Iran s Revolutionary Guards, and on Sunday Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said he was planning to move ahead. Mnuchin, interviewed on Fox News   Sunday Morning Futures,  said he has spoken about Iran with his counterparts attending World Bank and International Monetary Fund meetings in recent days. He did not provide any details on possible sanctions.   U.S. Senator Susan Collins, appearing on ABC s  This Week,  noted that Trump could have taken a more extreme step by withdrawing from the agreement. But in words of support for Trump, the moderate Republican lawmaker said,  Instead, he put a spotlight on two troubling deficiencies in the agreement,  referring to a lack of limitations on Iran s tests of ballistic missiles and a  pathway to developing a nuclear weapon  down the road. While many U.S. allies strongly criticized Trump s decision not to recertify the Iran deal, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu praised the move, saying the current terms of the Iran nuclear accord would allow it to have a nuclear stockpile within a decade.  We cannot allow this rogue regime 30 times the size of North Korea s economy to have a nuclear arsenal,  Netanyahu said on CBS   Face the Nation.   ",1
17407,"Macron urges the French to value success, rejects 'president of rich' tag","PARIS (Reuters) - Emmanuel Macron on Sunday said he was a president of all French, dismissing opponents  criticisms that his policies favor the rich while urging his countrymen to adopt a more positive attitude toward success. In his first months in power, Macron has defied street protests to loosen France s labor laws, moved to scrap the wealth tax and cut housing aid. His sometimes forthright style has forced him to fend off accusations that he holds the working class in contempt, but Macron said he was a leader who would  keep saying things as they are.  The 39-year-old, whose election win sidelined France s mainstream political parties and tore apart the country s traditional left-right divide, sought to reassure left-wing voters in his first live TV interview since taking office in May.  We re taking care of the France where things aren t going well,  Macron said.  I m doing what I said I would do during the election campaign.  Macron angered unions last week with comments he made during a visit to a car parts factory, saying workers protesting over job losses should look for work at a nearby plant rather than  kicking up a bloody mess .  He said that reforms to overhaul France s unemployment insurance and professional training systems, which will be discussed in the next few weeks, would help the most in need while encouraging social mobility and merit. Macron, whose popularity has slumped since his election, said the aim of scrapping the wealth tax was to help to retain talent in France and encourage the wealthy to invest.  For our society to get better, we need people who succeed. We shouldn t be jealous of them, we should say:  fantastic ,  he said.     But the move has prompted opponents to label the former investment banker  president of the rich .    He s not president of the rich, he is president of the super rich, those who funded his campaign,  right-winger Nicolas Dupont-Aignan said. Left-wing daily Liberation said on its Monday front page Macron was  brandishing individual success like a mantra  under the headline:  Succeed, bloody hell! , in a reference to his comments at the car parts factory. In the more than hour-long interview at the Elysee palace that focused on his domestic agenda, Macron also said his economic reforms would start bearing fruit within two years.  Unemployment is currently falling. You ll see the full effect of the reforms currently carried out by the government in 1-1/2 to two years,  he said  During the campaign, Macron promised to lower France s stubbornly high unemployment rate to 7 percent by the end of his mandate from near double digits.  On the international front, he said that despite disagreements with U.S. President Donald Trump over Iran and climate change, he would continue to work with the billionaire.  I constantly talk to the American president, because it s my duty,  he said.  It s the right way to do it because he is the head of the top power so it s necessary to anchor him to this partnership and multilateralism.  On Iran, he said he would go to Tehran in  due time , but added:  We must be more stringent with Iran on its ballistic activity, the missiles it shoots and which are not nuclear and Iran s action in the region.     ",1
17408,Deadline nears for Catalan leader to clarify independence stance,"MADRID (Reuters) - Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont has until 10:00 a.m. local (0800 GMT) on Monday to clarify whether he is calling for the region s independence from Spain, with Madrid threatening a return to direct rule if his stance remains ambiguous. The wealthy region s threat to break away following a referendum that Spain s Constitutional Court said was illegal has plunged Spain into its worst political crisis since an attempted military coup in 1981, just six years after the death of dictator Francisco Franco. Puigdemont made a symbolic declaration of independence last Tuesday, only to suspend it seconds later and call for negotiations with Madrid on the region s future. Spain s Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy then gave him a Monday deadline to clarify his position   and until Thursday to change his mind if he insists on a split   and said Madrid would suspend Catalonia s autonomy if he chooses independence. The Spanish government said Puigdemont should answer the formal requirement with a simple  Yes  or  No  and that any ambiguous response would be considered a confirmation that a declaration of independence had been made. This would trigger the Article 155 of the 1978 constitution, under which the government in Madrid can install direct rule in any of Spain s 17 autonomous communities if they break the law. The central government can then sack the local administration and install a new governing team, take control of the police and finances, and call for a snap election. Sources close to the Catalan government said Puigdemont would send Rajoy a letter before the deadline expires, although they declined to say what his answer would be. Local media, including Catalan public broadcaster TV-3 and Barcelona-based newspaper La Vanguardia, said on Sunday Puigdemont was unlikely to say clearly whether he had declared independence and send instead a more elaborate response.  Puigdemont, who is consulting local parties to prepare his answer, faces a dilemma. If he says he did proclaim independence, the central government will step in. If he says he did not, the far-left Catalan party CUP would probably withdraw its support for his minority government. The Catalan government says 90 percent of Catalans voted for a breakaway in an Oct. 1 referendum that central authorities in Madrid declared illegal and which most opponents of independence boycotted, reducing turnout to around 43 percent.  Puigdemont said on Sunday his answer would be inspired by democracy, something most political observers in Spain said was a sign he would push ahead with secession plans. If this was the case, and article 155 was invoked, Rajoy would then replace the Catalan government with a new set-up to manage the region, which could be run by politicians or technocrats, Madrid-based newspaper El Mundo reported on Sunday. Elections to the Catalan parliament would then be held within three months. ",1
17409,Ex-soccer star Weah headed for presidential run-off in Liberia,"MONROVIA (Reuters) - Former soccer star George Weah was set to win the first round of a presidential election in Liberia after the elections commission said on Sunday he was leading with 39 percent of votes and less than 5 percent of precincts still to be counted. He will face Vice President Joseph Boakai, who was in second place with 29.1 percent, in a second round poll next month.  Boakai was more than 280,000 votes ahead of the third placed candidate, lawyer Charles Brumskine, on 9.8 percent.  The final certified results from Tuesday s poll must be announced by Oct. 25. But with more than 1.5 million votes counted so far and 95.6 percent of polling stations having reported, it was mathematically impossible that Brumskine could move into second place.  Turnout based on votes counted so far was nearly 75 percent.  A total of 20 candidates competed in last week s poll seeking to succeed Nobel Peace Prize winner Ellen Johnson Sirleaf in what would be Liberia s first democratic transfer of power in more than 70 years. Weah and Boakai had both predicted outright victory in the first round. Supporters at Weah s headquarters in the capital Monrovia crowded around cars listening to the results broadcast on the radio and voiced frustration as it became clear that a second round of voting was unavoidable.  We need to be calm. But we are worried that they are going to cheat us. We feel disenchanted from 2005 and 2011. People say  no second round  because of the desire they have,  Weah supporter Luke Harris, 31, said. Weah, a national hero in Liberia, became the first non-European to win European soccer s player of the year award in 1995, the same year he picked up the African and world player of the year awards.  He finished runner-up to Johnson Sirleaf in a 2005 election that helped draw a line under years of civil war that killed hundreds of thousands of civilians. He was the vice-presidential candidate on a ticket with Winston Tubman, who lost to her six years later.  Officials from both Weah and Boakai s campaigns said they would accept the result.  We are disappointed that there is going to be a run off. We had anticipated that we would win in the first round. But we will accept it and go with it,  said Mohammed Ali, spokesman for Boakai s ruling Unity Party. Even before Sunday s results announcement, both campaigns had already begun courting other candidates, seeking their support in the run-off. Ali confirmed that Boakai s campaign had met with fourth placed candidate Alexander Cummings and ex-warlord-turned-senator Prince Johnson, who was in fifth place. Johnson said he had also been contacted by Weah. Brumskine has denounced the vote, claiming it was plagued by fraud and called for a new election though international observers gave the poll a clean bill of health.  The vote will be re-run in two polling places in Nimba County on Tuesday, however, due to irregularities, although that measure only concerns a few thousand votes. ",1
17410,"400,000 children still displaced from Mosul fighting: Save the Children","BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Around 400,000 children are still displaced from the fighting for Mosul, one year after the start of a military offensive to recapture the Iraqi city from the Islamic State, Save the Children said on Monday. Islamic State s self-declared caliphate effectively collapsed in July, when U.S.-backed Iraqi forces re-took Mosul, the group s de facto capital in Iraq, after a grueling nine-month battle.  Just because the fighting in Mosul has stopped doesn t mean the humanitarian needs aren t great. If anything, children need our help now more than ever - those that are still displaced and those that are returning to see what s left of their homes,  said the London-based charity s Iraq country director, Ana Locsin.  Large parts of Mosul have been reduced to rubble; schools, homes, hospitals, roads, playgrounds and parks. I ve spoken to dozens of children haunted by their experiences, left with psychological scars that ll take years to heal,  Locsin said in a statement. With the fall of Mosul and other small towns in  the country s north and west, the only area still under control of Islamic State in Iraq is a stretch alongside the western border with Syria, where the militant group is also in retreat. ",1
17411,Bodies of ambushed travelers found in eastern Congo: chief,"GOMA, Democratic Republic of Congo (Reuters) - The bodies of 26 people believed killed after an ambush last week in eastern Democratic Republic of Congo have been discovered, most of them with their hands tied and their necks broken, a local chief said on Sunday. The victims disappeared a week ago after they were ambushed by militants on a main road in North Kivu s restive Beni territory, where more than 800 people were killed in dozens of massacres between 2014 and 2016. The attack, which followed a lull this year, has revived questions about the state s ability to impose order over eastern borderlands wracked by ethnic tensions and competition for mineral resources. Congolese authorities and U.N. officials initially believed that about 20 civilians had disappeared after being attacked by armed assailants and were likely to have been killed. They were unable to locate the bodies for days, however, due to intense fighting. A group including officials from Congo s U.N. mission MONUSCO, the army, the Congolese Red Cross, and Congolese authorities traveled to the scene of the killings on Sunday.  In total, 26 people   three women, 22 civilian men and one Congolese soldier   were tied up and killed by breaking their necks,  Saambili Bamukoka, chief of Beni s Watalinga chiefdom, told Reuters. A Congolese military spokesman had earlier confirmed that the bodies had been discovered near the road, but did not know how many there were.  Bodies were found in a state of decomposition,  said local army spokesman Mak Hazukay, adding that the road remained closed to civilian traffic.  We must first have the time to secure the surrounding area.   The day after the attack on the travelers, militants assaulted two nearby military bases, killing two U.N. peacekeepers and injuring 18 others. The army and U.N. peacekeeping mission blamed the raids on the Allied Democratic Forces (ADF), a Ugandan Islamist group active near the border. Authorities have also accused the ADF of carrying out nearly all the massacres of the past three years. But independent and separate U.N. experts say several armed groups as well as national army commanders have been involved in the killings as they vie for influence in Congo s lawless eastern borderlands.  Millions died in regional wars that ravaged eastern Congo between 1996-2003 and spawned dozens of armed groups that continue to prey on local populations.  ",1
17412,"24 militants, six soldiers killed in attacks in Egypt's Sinai, military says","ISMAILIA,Egypt (Reuters) - At least 24 militants and six soldiers were killed on Sunday in attacks on military outposts in North Sinai, the Egyptian military said in a statement. The statement did not give details, but security and medical sources said about 20 members of the security forces had also been injured when more than 100 militants repeatedly attacked security outposts south of the border town of Sheikh Zuweid. The attackers used car bombs and rocket propelled grenades (RPG), the sources said. The militants also clashed with the security forces using light weapons, the sources added. Islamic State claimed responsibility for the attacks. Hours later, air raid sirens went off in a part of southern Israel and the Israeli military said two rockets were fired from Sinai at Israel. There were no immediate reports of damage or injuries. On Friday, the militant group claimed an attack on security forces in the peninsula that killed at least six soldiers. Egypt is fighting an insurgency by militants affiliated with Islamic State in the Sinai Peninsula, where hundreds of soldiers and police have been killed since 2013, when the military ousted Islamist president Mohamed Mursi after mass protests. The militants have also extended their campaign to other parts of Egypt, most recently attacking churches in Cairo and other cities with the loss of dozens of lives. ",1
17413,Austria's conservatives show few qualms about teaming up with far right,"VIENNA (Reuters) - With conservative leader Sebastian Kurz winning Austria s parliamentary elections on Sunday with around 32 percent of votes, many of his supporters see little reason to shy away from forming a government with the far right Freedom Party (FPO). Amid servings of sausages, beer and white wine spritzer, Kurz s acolytes at the People s Party (OVP) election celebrations sounded enthusiastic about working with the anti-immigration Freedom Party, which got around 26 percent, within a whisker of the Social Democrats.  OVP-FPO is better than anything else, even if it s not perfect,  said Kurz fan Florian Zierler, a 21-year-old software developer. Kurz said he would talk to everyone.  Freedom Party chief Heinz-Christian Strache is now as close as he has ever been to joining the national government. He has accused Kurz of stealing his policies ranging from tough anti-immigration policies to tax cuts for companies and reduced social services for refugees.   The economic program of the FPO is similar to that of the OVP but they (FPO) are still hammering foreigners hard in their statements and that s not in order,  Zierler said. Meanwhile at Freedom Party celebrations, its general secretary and strategist Herbert Kickl, 48, said the ball was now in the court of the conservatives and Social Democrats, sounding a confident note after one of the best election results for his party in its 60-year history.  For us it s not crucial whether we ll go into opposition or into government. The main factor for us is the position from which we can achieve the change that s needed.  Freedom Party supporter Andreas Weiss, enjoying a smoke-filled party looking out over Vienna with the parliament building in the foreground, echoed Kickl.  It actually doesn t matter who will be our coalition partner. Our demands must be realized,  he said. Five women in their 40s, dancing and singing at the FPO party, said they had no doubt their party would enter government with the OVP.  According to pollster SORA the biggest chunk of OVP voters, 40 percent, also want the FPO in government. Among FPO supporters, 60 percent want the OVP as a partner. Centrist coalitions between the Social Democrats and the conservatives have dominated Austrian politics since World War Two, but many are deeply frustrated with the lack of progress in tax, pension, education and administrative reform.  The reds (the Social Democrats) are so fossilized and encrusted,  said 79-year-old Heinrich Kohlmann, attending Kurz s party clad in traditional Austrian costume and clutching two glasses of beer. For him, the Freedom Party is the better partner for the changes he wants.   I hope that we can reduce the strength and power of Brussels,  Kohlmann said. Both Kurz and Strache have called for a slimmed-down European Union and a return of many powers to national governments. For the Freedom Party, forming a coalition with the conservatives would be a milestone in Europe where its sister parties, Germany s AfD and France s National Front, can only dream of joining the cabinet. When the Freedom Party last entered government in 2000, also with the conservatives, the EU imposed sanctions on Austria.  I hope that many (in the European parliament) will understand that the topics we are running with have strong support among the population,  said Harald Vilimsky, the FPO s most prominent EU parliamentarian. But even for Kurz supporters like Florian Kahl who are concerned by the Freedom Party s euroscepticism - which it has toned down since making it into the runoff of last year s presidential vote - the far right is still the best partner.  I think (an OVP-FPO) government would mean the most positive change for Austria,  said the 36-year-old civil servant. Amid a crowd dominated by men in suits and slicked back hair and women wearing designer handbags and jewelry in turquoise - the color Kurz chose for his campaign - Pavlina Hristova, a 55-year old launderette worker with broken German seemed ill at ease. But she shared the same views as other Kurz supporters.  It s scarcely possible now (to work with the Social Democrats). It would probably work with the FPO.  ",1
17414,UK finance minister's future questioned by PM May's allies as budget nears,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain s finance minister Philip Hammond on Sunday faced mounting questions over his future weeks ahead of a budget announcement, finding himself at the center of an increasingly fraught debate over Britain s departure from the European Union.   The EU last week declared a  disturbing deadlock  in talks with Prime Minister Theresa May s government on arrangements to leave the bloc, raising the chances of Britain quitting without a negotiated deal and increasing criticism of the government s handling of Brexit.      On Sunday an unnamed source from the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) said May must warn Hammond he faces the sack unless he changes his approach to Brexit, the Sunday Telegraph reported. The DUP is a small Northern Irish political party which is keeping May s minority government in power.   We are very concerned about Philip Hammond s behavior,  the senior parliamentary DUP source told the newspaper.  It is evident to us that he is winding people up and causing unnecessary division within the Conservative Party at a crucial time in the Brexit negotiations.   A DUP spokesman later said the party did not recognize the  inaccurate  comments. Hammond, 61, who is seen by many as May s most pro-EU minister, has become a focal point of criticism for Brexiteers, who say he is overly pessimistic about the impact of leaving the bloc and is damaging Britain s negotiating stance. Last week Hammond warned that Brexit was causing a  cloud of uncertainty  over the British economy that needed to be cleared as quickly as possible. He has previously angered eurosceptics by calling for a lengthy transition out of the EU, during which there will be little change to rules on issues like immigration.    In a botched attempt on Friday to calm speculation over his future and play down the party s divisions Hammond described the EU as the  enemy  in negotiations. He later said he regretted his choice of words. He had been expected to lose his job if May had won an increased majority at a June snap election, but the vote instead saw the Conservatives lose their majority and Hammond retain his position as May fought to maintain unity between pro-EU and pro-Brexit factions.  The June election also transformed the DUP, which only has 10 lawmakers in the 650-seat parliament, into an influential voice. May struck a deal with the party and is reliant on their support to pass legislation. The delicate parliamentary arithmetic also means May faces criticism from lawmakers, including several from within her own party, who disagree with May s threat to walk away from EU negotiations without a deal unless Brussels agrees fair terms. The opposition Labour Party s finance policy chief warned on Sunday that with the support on rebels from May s party, parliament would block any attempt to leave the EU without a negotiated agreement. Questions over the future of one of May s most senior ministers come as he is due to present a budget plan on Nov. 22 which will see Britain through one of its most uncertain periods in decades, amid growing business concern and voter unrest. The Sunday Times reported that Hammond was preparing a  revolutionary  budget that could see the government ditch its opposition to borrowing more to boost investment, and may include tax breaks for the young paid for by pensioners.  The view has galvanized that this budget has got to be big, it s got to be powerful, it s got to be revolutionary. Saying it s got to be brave is really understating it. People are very clear that this is basically the last chance,  the paper reported a senior government source as saying. Hammond has limited room to increase public spending without pushing up Britain s still high borrowing levels. The country s budget forecasters have signaled they are about to turn more gloomy about growth forecasts, meaning less tax revenue to fund Hammond s war-chest to help the economy weather the process of leaving the EU in the coming years. But he is already under pressure now to relax his grip on spending to counter the left-wing opposition Labour Party whose promises of more spending and higher taxes on the wealthy won over large numbers of voters in the June election. At the same time, Hammond must not alarm investors who fund a budget shortfall which is expected to grow this year.  Their lending helps Britain plug one of the widest current account deficits among the world s leading economies. ",1
17415,UK PM May to travel to Brussels for meetings with EU's Barnier and Juncker,"LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May will travel to Brussels on Monday to meet with the European Union s chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier and head of the EU Commission Jean-Claude Juncker, May s office said on Sunday. May will travel with Brexit minister David Davis for the meetings which her office said were a long-planned part of the prime minister s build up to a European Council summit on Thursday. The summit is seen as a critical point in Britain s stalling efforts to negotiate an exit deal with the EU after Brussels said last week the latest round of negotiations had ended in deadlock over money. EU leaders could hand May an olive branch at the summit by launching their own internal preparations for a transition to a new relationship with Britain. May spoke to German Chancellor Angela Merkel earlier on Sunday and the two agreed the need for continued constructive progress in the exit talks, an earlier statement from May s office said. ",1
17416,"Afghan Taliban deny former hostage's claims of murder, rape","PESHAWAR, Pakistan (Reuters) - A Taliban spokesman denied on Sunday accusations by a Canadian man that one of his children had been murdered and his wife raped while they were being held captive by militants who kidnapped them in Afghanistan in 2012. Joshua Boyle and his American wife, Caitlan Coleman, were held by the Haqqani network, a semi-independent wing of the Afghan Taliban, before being rescued by Pakistani troops in northwest Pakistan, near the Afghan border, last week. Boyle told reporters soon after he, his wife and their three children returned to Canada on Friday that their captors had murdered a fourth child had raped his wife. Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid rejected that as propaganda by the Western governments that helped rescue the family.  We strongly reject these fake and fabricated allegations of this Canadian family, now in the hands of the enemy,  he said in a statement sent to media.    Whatever statement the enemy wants to put in their mouth, the family is forced to make it.  Boyle called on the Taliban to  provide my family with the justice we deserve . Mujahid said the couple was intentionally never separated in order to protect their safety. He also denied that their child had been murdered, but acknowledged that one child became sick and died.  We were in a remote areas without access to a doctor and medications that led the loss of the child,  he said. Three children, all born in captivity, were rescued along with Boyle and Coleman. The U.S. government calls the Haqqani network  the most lethal and sophisticated insurgent group  in Afghanistan. Its operational chief, Sirajuddin Haqqani, was named deputy to the Taliban s newly appointed leader Mullah Akhtar Mohammad Mansour in 2015, cementing the ties between the groups. The Haqqanis previously held U.S. Army Sergeant Bowe Bergdahl, who was freed in a swap for Taliban prisoners in 2014, and are suspected of holding two professors, an American and an Australian, who were kidnapped outside their university in Kabul in 2016. A senior Afghan government official told Reuters that American and Afghan special forces launched two unsuccessful raids to try to rescue the professors in Afghanistan, but officials now believe the pair has been taken to Haqqani hideouts over the border in Pakistan. ",1
17417,"Kenyan opposition leader Odinga, who withdrew from vote re-run, calls for protests","MOMBASA, Kenya (Reuters) - Kenyan opposition leader Raila Odinga, who withdrew from a presidential election re-run set for Oct. 26 saying it should only take place once wide-ranging reforms are undertaken, urged his supporters on Sunday to hold protests. Authorities have banned protests in central Nairobi and other hotspots in a bid to keep a lid on mounting political turmoil in the build-up to the repeat vote, in which Odinga had been set to challenge President Uhuru Kenyatta once again.  The Supreme Court nullified Kenyatta s victory in the original election on Aug. 8, citing procedural irregularities. On Friday, Odinga said his withdrawal meant the poll had been  canceled  and that there should be fresh nominations for a new vote.  Come out in large numbers tomorrow like you have done today and fear no-one. This is your country and you have the right to protest,  he told a crowd in the coastal city of Mombasa. The election board has said the vote will go ahead, with Kenyatta facing six other candidates, none of whom polled more than 1 percent in August.  During a trip to London last week, Odinga told Reuters that he might consider returning to the Supreme Court for clarification on whether the Oct. 26 poll was legal.   I went to tell our friends in London the truth of what was happening here. Jubilee should know that we are not interested in a coalition government,  he said, referring to Kenyatta s party. Despite the ban, protests have taken place in the East African country   a regional and trade gateway which is the region s richest economy and an important Western ally in the fight against militant Islamists. On Friday, Kenyan police shot dead two people and wounded a third when a crowd tried to storm a police station in the town of Bondo in the southwest county of Siaya during a rally. Police also used teargas to break up small demonstrations in Kenya s three main cities   Kisumu, the capital and the port of Mombasa   the same day, defying the ban on rallies in city centers. Hospital authorities said 20 people were injured in Kisumu, an opposition stronghold.   I am ready to die for change in Kenya,  James Orengo, an opposition senator and lawyer who led Odinga s successful petition at the Supreme Court, told the crowd in Mombasa, which numbered in the thousands. ",1
17418,Austrian conservative leader sees many options on coalitions,"VIENNA (Reuters) - Austrian conservative leader Sebastian Kurz, who secured victory in Sunday s parliamentary election but fell well short of a majority, does not rule out the possibility of forming a minority government once the final result comes in.  I would of course like to form a stable government. If that cannot be done then there are other options,  he told broadcaster ORF, adding that he planned to talk to all parties in parliament but would first wait for a count of postal ballots that begins on Monday.  That count will settle the close race for second place between the Social Democrats and the far-right Freedom Party. ",1
17419,"Drone hits commercial airliner in Canada, no injuries","(Reuters) - A drone hit an airplane landing at a Quebec City airport this week, the first time an unmanned flying object has collided with commercial aircraft in Canada, Transport Minister Marc Garneau said on Sunday. No injuries were reported in the incident, which happened on Thursday at Jean Lesage International Airport and involved a plane belonging to Quebec-based Skyjet Aviation.  I am extremely relieved that the aircraft only sustained minor damage and was able to land safely,  Garneau said in a statement. There were six passengers and two crew members on board the airplane at the time of the collision, according to local news media reports. Drones are not allowed within 5.5 km (3.4 miles) of Canadian airports, helipads and seaplane bases. Operators who put aircraft at risk face steep fines and jail time under Canadian law. Drone usage has soared in North America, Europe and China, raising privacy concerns and fears of collisions with commercial jets, and prompting the United Nations  aviation agency to back the creation of a single global drone registry. There have been 1,596 drone incidents reported to Transport Canada so far this year, with 131 of them deemed to be aviation safety concerns. In November 2016, a Canadian airliner with 54 passengers on board had to swerve to avoid an unmanned flying object near Toronto, slightly injuring two cabin crew.     ",1
17420,Kurds block Iraqi forces' access to Kirkuk oil fields; Iran shuts border crossings,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Kurdish Peshmerga fighters rejected a warning from an Iraqi paramilitary force to withdraw from a strategic junction south of Kirkuk, which controls access to some of the region s main oilfields, a Kurdish security official said on Sunday. Iran meanwhile shut its border crossings with Iraq s Kurdistan in support of measures taken by the Iraqi government to isolate the Kurdish region, the Iraqi foreign ministry said. The border closing came as an Iranian military official arrived in Iraq s Kurdistan for talks on the growing crisis between the Kurdish authorities and the Iraqi government following last month s Kurdish independence referendum. The Baghdad central government has taken a series of steps to isolate the autonomous Kurdish region since its vote for independence, including banning international flights. Baghdad s tough line, ruling out talks sought by the Kurds unless they renounce the breakaway move, is backed by neighbors Turkey and Iran - both with their own sizeable Kurdish minorities, and in Turkey s case, a long-running Kurdish insurgency. The top Kurdish leadership met on Sunday to discuss the crisis and rejected the Iraqi government s demand that it cancels the outcome of the independence referendum as a precondition for talks to resolve the dispute. The vote delivered an overwhelming  Yes  for independence. The Iraqi government in a statement accused the Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) of bringing fighters from Turkey s separatist Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) to Kirkuk, describing the move as a  declaration of war . In the statement, published after a meeting in Baghdad, chaired by Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi and attended by top military and security commanders, the government said it would seek to impose its authority over Kirkuk and other disputed areas. A spokesman for KRG President Masoud Barzani, Vahal Ali, denied the Iraqi government claims about the PKK.  This is false, there are no PKK in Kirkuk, only Peshmerga,  he told Reuters, referring to KRG military forces. The Kurdish leadership meeting, attended by Barzani, rejected the Iraqi  military threats  and pledged to defend Kurdish-held territory in case of an attack.  Iraqi paramilitary groups backing the Shi ite-led government in Baghdad had warned the Peshmerga to leave a position north of the Maktab Khalid junction by midnight Saturday, a KRG security official said.  The Kurdish position north of the junction controls the access to an important airbase and Bai Hassan, one of the region s main oil fields, the KRG official said.  Ali al-Hussaini, a spokesman for the paramilitary groups known as Popular Mobilisation, did not give indications about their next move following the Kurds rejection of the warning .  We are waiting for new orders,  he told Reuters.  There were no clashes reported 21 hours after the deadline but tension remained high with both sides mobilized. Iranian Major General Qassem Soleimani arrived on Saturday in the Kurdistan region to hold talks about the crisis. He is the commander of foreign operations for Iran s elite Revolutionary Guards who provide training and guns to Popular Mobilisation The city of Kirkuk, the airbase and their immediate surroundings, including the oilfields, are under Kurdish control. Kurdish authorities said on Friday they had sent thousands more troops to Kirkuk to confront Iraqi  threats.   Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi has repeatedly denied any plans to attack the Kurds.  Popular Mobilisation is a separate force from the regular army and officially reports to Abadi. It is deployed alongside the army south and west of Kirkuk. Kirkuk, a city of more than one million people, lies just outside KRG territory but Peshmerga forces were stationed there in 2014 when Iraqi security forces collapsed in the face of an Islamic State onslaught. The Peshmerga deployment prevented Kirkuk s oilfields from falling into jihadist hands. In Washington, U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Friday the situation had the full attention of the United States, which was working to ensure it does not escalate. The United States has taken the side of the Iraqi government in refusing to recognize the validity of the referendum. ",1
17421,Death toll from blasts in Somalia's capital Mogadishu tops 200,"MOGADISHU (Reuters) - More than 200 people were killed by twin bomb blasts that struck busy junctions in the heart of Somalia s capital Mogadishu, officials said on Sunday, marking the deadliest attacks since an Islamist insurgency began in 2007. President Mohamed Abdullahi Farmaajo declared three days of national mourning and called for donations of blood and funds to victims of Saturday s attack. At least 100 others were wounded.  Today s horrific attack proves our enemy would stop nothing to cause our people pain and suffering. Let s unite against terror,  he tweeted.  Police said a truck bomb exploded outside a hotel in the K5 intersection that is lined with government offices, restaurants and kiosks, flattening several buildings and setting dozens of vehicles on fire. Two hours later, another blast struck the capital s Medina district.  We have confirmed 200 civilians died in yesterday s blast. We understand the death toll is higher than that. Many people are still missing their relatives,  Abdifatah Omar Halane, the spokesman for Mogadishu s mayor, told Reuters.  A spokesman for Aamin Ambulance service said it knew of more than 250 people wounded during the bombings on Saturday.  Some people who searched for their relatives just found unrecognizable body parts,  its director Abdikadir Abdirahman told Reuters.   In our 10 year experience as the first responder in #Mogadishu, we haven t seen anything like this,  tweeted the ambulance service, which is reliant on private donations and the only free ambulance service in the city.  We re mourning the loss of 5 Somali Red Crescent volunteers, also killed in this attack,  tweeted the International Committee of the Red Cross.  Police and emergency workers searched the rubble of destroyed buildings on Sunday. They had recovered dozens of corpses the night before, most of which were charred beyond recognition. Hundreds of people came to the junction in search of missing family members and police cordoned off the area for security reasons. There was no immediate claim of responsibility, although the Islamist militant group al Shabaab, which is allied to al Qaeda, stages regular attacks in the capital and other parts of the country. The group is waging an insurgency against the U.N.-backed government and its African Union allies in a bid to topple the weak administration and impose its own strict interpretation of Islam. The militants were driven out of Mogadishu in 2011 and have been steadily losing territory since then to the combined forces of African Union peacekeepers and Somali security forces. But al Shabaab retains the ability to mount large, complex bomb attacks. Over the past three years, the number of civilians killed by insurgent bombings has steadily climbed as al Shabaab increases the size of its bombs.  ",1
17422,Death toll from blasts in Somalia's capital Mogadishu tops 200,"MOGADISHU (Reuters) - More than 200 people were killed by twin bomb blasts that struck busy junctions in the heart of Somalia s capital Mogadishu, officials said on Sunday, marking the deadliest attacks since an Islamist insurgency began in 2007. President Mohamed Abdullahi Farmaajo declared three days of national mourning and called for donations of blood and funds to victims of Saturday s attack. At least 100 others were wounded.  Today s horrific attack proves our enemy would stop nothing to cause our people pain and suffering. Let s unite against terror,  he tweeted.  Police said a truck bomb exploded outside a hotel in the K5 intersection that is lined with government offices, restaurants and kiosks, flattening several buildings and setting dozens of vehicles on fire. Two hours later, another blast struck the capital s Medina district.  We have confirmed 200 civilians died in yesterday s blast. We understand the death toll is higher than that. Many people are still missing their relatives,  Abdifatah Omar Halane, the spokesman for Mogadishu s mayor, told Reuters.  A spokesman for Aamin Ambulance service said it knew of more than 250 people wounded during the bombings on Saturday.  Some people who searched for their relatives just found unrecognizable body parts,  its director Abdikadir Abdirahman told Reuters.   In our 10 year experience as the first responder in #Mogadishu, we haven t seen anything like this,  tweeted the ambulance service, which is reliant on private donations and the only free ambulance service in the city.  We re mourning the loss of 5 Somali Red Crescent volunteers, also killed in this attack,  tweeted the International Committee of the Red Cross.  Police and emergency workers searched the rubble of destroyed buildings on Sunday. They had recovered dozens of corpses the night before, most of which were charred beyond recognition. Hundreds of people came to the junction in search of missing family members and police cordoned off the area for security reasons. There was no immediate claim of responsibility, although the Islamist militant group al Shabaab, which is allied to al Qaeda, stages regular attacks in the capital and other parts of the country. The group is waging an insurgency against the U.N.-backed government and its African Union allies in a bid to topple the weak administration and impose its own strict interpretation of Islam. The militants were driven out of Mogadishu in 2011 and have been steadily losing territory since then to the combined forces of African Union peacekeepers and Somali security forces. But al Shabaab retains the ability to mount large, complex bomb attacks. Over the past three years, the number of civilians killed by insurgent bombings has steadily climbed as al Shabaab increases the size of its bombs.  ",1
17423,U.S. diplomacy with North Korea to continue until 'first bomb drops': Tillerson,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said Sunday that President Donald Trump had instructed him to continue diplomatic efforts to calm rising tensions with North Korea, saying  those diplomatic efforts will continue until the first bomb drops.  Speaking on CNN s  State of the Union,  Tillerson downplayed messages that President Trump had previously posted on Twitter suggesting Tillerson was wasting his time trying to negotiate with  Little Rocket Man,  a derogatory nickname Trump has coined for North Korea s leader Kim Jong Un. Trump  has made it clear to me to continue my diplomatic efforts,  Tillerson said. Tillerson s comments Sunday come amid soaring tensions between the United States and North Korea following a series of weapons tests by Pyongyang and a war of words between the two countries  leaders. North Korea has conducted a series of nuclear tests in recent weeks and ago and launched two missiles over Japan. Tillerson has been in talks with China to enlist its help on getting North Korea to back down.  But Trump s recent Twitter messages appeared to undercut Tillerson s efforts, prompting the Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Bob Corker to complain that Trump was publicly castrating Tillerson and hurting diplomatic talks. Tillerson downplayed those tweets Sunday, telling CNN that Trump and China s President Xi Jinping have an extremely close relationship and that China understands the U.S. position.  Rest assured that the Chinese are not confused in any way  about the American policy towards North Korea, he added.  ",1
17424,Outgoing leader's protege set to win Kyrgyz presidential election,"BISHKEK (Reuters) - A protege of outgoing pro-Russian leader Almazbek Atambayev looked set for a surprise outright victory in Kyrgyzstan s presidential election on Sunday, despite polls having predicted a close runoff between him and an opposition leader. According to preliminary data published by the central election commission, former prime minister and Atambayev ally Sooronbai Jeenbekov had secured 54.22 percent of the vote based on a count from 97 percent of the polling stations. His main opponent, oil tycoon Omurbek Babanov, trailed well behind with 33.47 percent, according to the same early data. A close ally of Moscow and host to a Russian military base, Kyrgyzstan helps its former Soviet overlord project power across a region where China and the United States also vie for influence. In contrast to other Central Asian states, which are mostly run by autocrats, Kyrgyzstan is a boisterous democracy that produces sometimes chaotic changes of leadership.  After its first two presidents were ousted by riots, the country restyled itself as a parliamentary republic where presidential powers are mostly limited to foreign policy and security matters. But Atambayev strengthened executive powers last year. Constitutionally barred from seeking a second six-year term, he backed Jeenbekov, 58, an experienced apparatchik who served as prime minister until August. In Sunday s election, observers, citing pre-election polls, saw none of the candidates clearing the 50 percent threshold for outright victory, with Jeenbekov and Babanov then competing in a runoff. Babanov s campaign office declined to comment on the preliminary results but said it would do so on Monday. Babanov s next move will be closely watched because allegations of electoral fraud were among the main factors behind violent protests which toppled two Kyrgyz presidents in 2005 and 2010. Atambayev - likely to remain a powerful figure if his preferred candidate Jeenbekov does win - warned on Sunday he would use any violence as an opportunity to  cleanse  the country. Atambayev and Jeenbekov s Social Democratic party is the biggest in parliament and dominates the coalition cabinet. But they faced stiff opposition from Babanov, 47, whose Respublika-Ata Zhurt (Fatherland) party has the second-biggest parliamentary faction and whose poll numbers had suggested he and Jeenbekov would compete in a tight runoff. Babanov, also a former prime minister, has accused the government of abusing its powers to ensure Jeenbekov s victory after the authorities charged some of his campaign supporters with plotting a coup and planning to bribe voters. Babanov has denied any wrongdoing and dismissed the charges against his supporters as dirty election tactics. Atambayev and his cabinet have also accused Kazakhstan, a bigger and wealthier neighbor, of backing Babanov - which both Babanov and the Kazakh government deny.  What they (the authorities) are doing is outrageous,  Babanov told reporters on Sunday, adding some of his campaign staff and a reporter for a TV station owned by Babanov had been attacked by unidentified men on the day of the vote. Atambayev on Sunday warned opponents against trying to stage violent protests after the vote.  In fact, if there is unrest, it s going to be a good thing, I would like to cleanse (the country of) them all completely,  he told reporters after casting his ballot. Both Jeenbekov and Babanov have said they consider Russia - where hundreds of thousands of Kyrgyz migrant laborers work - a strategic partner. According to preliminary data, voter turnout was 55.93 percent. ",1
17425,North Korea not ready to meet with South Korea in Russia: agencies,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Politicians from North and South Korea will not hold direct talks in Russia on Monday about Pyongyang s nuclear and missile program despite attending the same event and being urged to do so by Moscow, Russian news agencies said on Sunday. Valentina Matviyenko, speaker of Russia s upper house of parliament, is due to discuss the missile crisis in separate talks with a deputy head of North Korea s legislature and the head of South Korea s parliament on the sidelines of a congress of parliamentarians in St Petersburg on Monday. Moscow has called on the two countries to use the opportunity to have their own direct talks to try to narrow their differences.  But the RIA news agency on Sunday cited Piotr Tolstoi, the deputy speaker of the Russian lower house of parliament, and an unnamed member of North Korea s delegation as saying there would not be any direct talks. The unnamed North Korean delegate was quoted as saying that U.S. pressure on Pyongyang and U.S. and South Korean military exercises meant preconditions for such talks had not been met. Konstantin Kosachyov, head of the upper house of parliament s foreign affairs committee, said Moscow would try again on Monday to encourage the two delegations to hold face-to-face talks despite the lack of progress. Russian news agencies quoted him as saying that the North Korean delegation had so far declined to hold such talks, while the South Korean delegation had said it was ready for such a meeting.  We will definitely not try to coerce or talk somebody into anything,  the Interfax news agency cited Kosachyov as saying.   (But) it will be pity, both on the human and political level, if another opportunity to de-escalate tensions in relations between North Korea and South Korea is missed.  North Korea s nuclear tests and missile launches have stirred global tensions and prompted several rounds of international sanctions at the U.N. Security Council. A de-escalation plan, backed by Russia and China, would see North Korea suspend its ballistic missile program and the United States and South Korea simultaneously call a moratorium on large-scale missile exercises, both moves aimed at paving the way for multilateral talks.      ",1
17426,"Pope canonizes first New World martyrs, calls Amazon synod for 2019","VATICAN CITY (Reuters) - Pope Francis canonized 35 new Roman Catholic saints on Sunday, including three indigenous children martyred in 16th century Mexico and considered the first Christians killed for their faith in the New World. Francis used the occasion to announce that he had decided to call a meeting of bishops, or synod, from countries in the    Pan-Amazon region for October, 2019, to discuss the condition of the Church in the area and the plight of indigenous people. The region includes Guyana, Suriname, French Guyana, Venezuela, Ecuador, Colombia, Bolivia, Peru and Brazil. The three children the pope canonized before a crowd of tens of thousands in St. Peter s Square were of the Talaxcaltec people, an indigenous pre-Colombian group in what is now Mexico. The first child, Cristoforo, was converted to Christianity by Franciscan missionaries and was killed in 1527 by his own father, a tribal chief who spurned his son s attempts to convert him from paganism. The boy was beaten and thrown into a fire when he was 13. Two other indigenous children from the same area, Antonio and Juan, were killed by Indios in the village of Cuauhtinchan in 1529 as a result of their conversion. They are believed to have been 12 or 13 when they were beaten to death for helping Dominican missionaries. The pope also canonized 30 martyrs who were killed for their faith in Brazil in 1645. They included two Portuguese missionaries and 28 followers killed by Dutch colonial soldiers during a period of persecution of Catholics. In announcing the 2019 synod for bishops from the Amazon region, Francis said indigenous people there today were  often abandoned and without the prospect of a bright future, even due to the crisis of the Amazon Forest, a lung of utmost importance for our planet . Francis, an Argentine and the first Latin American pope, has often linked his calls for social justice, particularly for indigenous people, to those for defense of the environment, saying the poor will suffer the most from the effects of climate change. In 2015 he wrote a landmark encyclical, or papal letter, on defense of the environment and he has called for special protection for the Amazon region because of its vital importance to the planet s ecosystem. In his comments on Sunday, the pope did not mention the role of the Church in suppressing native cultures in the New World. But during a visit to Bolivia in 2015, Francis said  many grave sins were committed against the native people of America in the name of God . He asked forgiveness for the Church, for  crimes committed against native peoples during the so-called conquest of America . On Sunday, Francis also canonized Father Faustino Miguez, a Spanish priest who lived in the 19th and 20th centuries, and Father Angelo d Acri, an Italian itinerant preacher who died in 1739 after serving in some of the most remote areas of mountainous southern Italy. ",1
17427,"Canadian says child killed, U.S. wife raped during Afghan kidnapping","OTTAWA/TORONTO (Reuters) - A U.S.-Canadian couple freed in Pakistan this week, nearly five years after being abducted in Afghanistan, returned to Canada on Friday where the husband said one of his children had been murdered and his wife had been raped. American Caitlan Coleman and her Canadian husband, Joshua Boyle, were kidnapped while backpacking in Afghanistan in 2012 by the Taliban-allied Haqqani network. They arrived in Canada with three of their children.  Obviously, it will be of incredible importance to my family that we are able to build a secure sanctuary for our three surviving children to call a home,  Boyle told reporters after arriving at Toronto s Pearson International Airport, wearing a black sweatshirt and sporting a beard. Pakistani troops rescued the family in the northwest of the country, near the Afghan border, this week. The United States has long accused Pakistan of failing to fight the Taliban-allied Haqqani network.   The stupidity and the evil of the Haqqani network in the kidnapping of a pilgrim ... was eclipsed only by the stupidity and evil of authorizing the murder of my infant daughter,  Boyle said, reading from a statement, in a calm voice.  And the stupidity and evil of the subsequent rape of my wife, not as a lone action, but by one guard, but assisted by the captain of the guard and supervised by the commandant.  He did not elaborate on what he meant by  pilgrim , or on the murder or rape. Coleman was not at the news conference. Boyle said the Taliban, who he referred to by their official name - the Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan - had carried out an investigation last year and conceded that the crimes against his family were perpetrated by the Haqqani network. He called on the Taliban  to provide my family with the justice we are owed .  God willing, this litany of stupidity will be the epitaph of the Haqqani network,  said an exhausted-looking Boyle. He did not take questions form reporters. The family traveled from Pakistan to London and then to Toronto. Boyle provided a written statement to the Associated Press on one of their flights  saying his family had  unparalleled resilience and determination.  AP reported that Coleman wore a tan-colored headscarf and sat with the two older children in the business class cabin. Boyle sat with their youngest child on his lap. U.S. State Department officials were on the plane with them, AP added. One of the children was in poor health and had to be force-fed by their Pakistani rescuers, Boyle told AP. Reuters could not independently confirm the details. They are expected to travel to Boyle s family home in Smiths Falls, 80 km (50 miles) southwest of Ottawa, to be reunited with his parents. Canada has been actively engaged with Boyle s case at all levels and would continue to support the family, the Canadian government said in a statement.  At this time, we ask that the privacy of Mr Boyle s family be respected,  it said. The journey home was complicated by Boyle s refusal to board a U.S. military aircraft in Pakistan, according to two U.S. officials who spoke on condition of anonymity. Boyle instead asked to be flown to Canada.  But Boyle said he never refused to board any mode of transportation that would bring him closer to home. Boyle had once been married to the sister of an inmate at the U.S. military detention center at Guantanamo Bay. The marriage ended and the inmate was later released to Canada. The families of the captives have been asked repeatedly why Boyle and Coleman had been backpacking in such a dangerous region. Coleman was pregnant at the time.  Boyle told the news conference he had been in Afghanistan helping  villagers who live deep inside Taliban-controlled Afghanistan where no NGO, no aid worker, and no government  had been able to reach. The Taliban and Haqqani network share the same goals of forcing out foreign troops and ousting the U.S.-backed government in Kabul but they are distinct organizations with separate command structures.   ",1
17428,Young conservative Kurz on track to be Austrian leader: vote projections,"VIENNA (Reuters) - Young conservative star Sebastian Kurz is on track to become Austria s next leader, projections of Sunday s parliamentary election result showed, but his party is well short of a majority and could seek an alliance with the far right. Kurz, who is just 31, campaigned on an anti-immigration platform so strict that the far-right Freedom Party (FPO) accused him of plagiarism. That appears to have succeeded in drawing some voters away from the FPO two years after Austria was swept up in Europe s migration crisis, which boosted the FPO in polls. Kurz s People s Party (OVP) is in the lead on 30.5 percent, with its current coalition partner, the Social Democrats, on 26.2 percent, just behind the FPO on 26.8 percent, a projection by pollster SORA said shortly after polls closed, based on an early count of 49 percent of non-postal ballots. The projection had a margin of error of 2.2 percentage points. It will be refreshed and become more precise as more ballots are counted throughout the evening. Another projection by pollster ARGE Wahlen also showed the OVP in the lead. Kurz, named party leader only in May, has been careful to keep his coalition options open, but he called an end to the current alliance with the Social Democrats and pledged to shake up Austrian politics, which for decades has been dominated by coalitions between those two parties. While that would suggest he will turn to the anti-Islam FPO, he has also said there could be leadership changes within the losing parties, a possible hint at being willing to work with the Social Democrats if Chancellor Christian Kern were ousted as leader by Defense Minister Hans Peter Doskozil. The Social Democrats (SPO) have also opened the door to forming coalitions with the FPO, meaning the far-right party is placed to be kingmaker and play the two parties off each other during coalition talks. It is highly unlikely, however, that the Social Democrats would ally with the FPO if the SPO came third. ",1
17429,What Austria's election says about Europe's political landscape,"BERLIN (Reuters) - After a series of setbacks for far-right parties in Europe this year, Austria s anti-immigration Freedom Party (FPO) delivered one of its strongest performances ever in an election on Sunday and could rejoin the government after a 12-year absence. Early projections showed the center-right People s Party (OVP), led by Sebastian Kurz, had won the most votes in Austria, with about 31 percent. The FPO was vying with the center-left Social Democrats (SPO) for second place, with both parties between 26-27 percent. Kurz could now look to form a coalition with the FPO, which was last part of a government in Austria between 2000 and 2005. Below are key take-aways from the Austrian vote and its implications for Europe. THE FAR-RIGHT IS NOT DEAD There was a temptation after the Dutch and French elections this year to declare an end to the far-right populist wave in Europe. But last month s German election, which saw the anti-immigration Alternative for Germany (AfD) party surge into the Bundestag, and now the Austrian election, say otherwise. Despite a hard shift right by the conservative OVP under Kurz, the FPO appeared close to the all-time high of 26.9 it won in 1999. That result paved the way for it to enter government, a move which prompted a horrified European Union to impose sanctions against Austria. If the FPO enters the government this time, expect little more than a whimper. The Austrian result showed that the refugee crisis of 2015 has left deep scars among European voters, especially in countries that were at the center of the storm. The number of asylum seekers entering Austria has fallen sharply over the past year. But migration was the dominant theme in the election.  The German election brought populism back to the center of the debate and the Austrian election will strengthen that,  said Cas Mudde, an expert on far-right politics at the University of Georgia. CENTER-RIGHT AND FAR-RIGHT CONVERGE The Austrian election showed that the lines between Europe s center-right and far-right parties are blurring, with mainstream conservatives adopting a much tougher tone on immigration, Islam and domestic security. Austria s Kurz is the poster-child for this shift and his success could encourage other centrist parties in Europe to adopt the same strategy. During the campaign Kurz denounced the  welcoming culture  towards refugees of 2015, said migrants rescued in the Mediterranean should be returned to Africa and promised to slash the benefits for newly arrived migrants.  We see Kurz as a model for conservatives in Germany,  a senior figure in Bavaria s Christian Social Union (CSU) told Reuters.  We applaud him. He will change the dynamic in Europe.  After bleeding support to the AfD in the German vote, the CSU is promising a far harder line on immigration - a headache for German Chancellor Angela Merkel as she tries to form a new coalition government. Elsewhere in Europe, Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte successfully fought off a challenge from far-right leader Geert Wilders in March by talking tough on migration. In France, hardliner Laurent Wauquiez, is in pole position to take over the leadership of the centre-right Republican party. As centrist parties shift right on migration, radical right-wingers - from Austria s Freedom Party to France s National Front - are adopting a softer tone on Europe, dropping their threats to exit the EU and ditch the euro currency. Although differences on economic policy remain, the shifts could make the center-right and far-right virtually indistinguishable in some countries.  A new Austrian coalition of Kurz s OVP and Heinz-Christian Strache s FPO would be a tougher partner for Merkel and French President Emmanuel Macron as they push reforms of the euro zone and EU asylum policies. Kurz has praised Hungary s Prime Minister Viktor Orban for building a fence along his border to keep out immigrants. And Strache has said Austria should join the Visegrad group of central and east European states - Hungary, Poland, the Czech Republic and Slovakia - that are united in their opposition to EU migrant quotas pushed by Berlin and Brussels. Both parties are skeptical about steps towards closer integration of the euro zone, especially changes that would centralize powers in Brussels, such as Macron s idea to create a budget and finance minister for the euro zone. Kurz, on track to become the next chancellor of Austria, is just 31 years of age - young even by the standards of Europe s recent youth movement, which saw Macron enter the Elysee Palace at the age of 39 and Christian Lindner, 38, lead Germany s liberal Free Democrats (FDP) back into the Bundestag. Kurz and Lindner showed that young new faces can inject dynamism into old establishment parties that have lost their way with voters. Kurz rebranded the OVP as the  New People s Party  and changed its colors from black to turquoise. Lindner used trendy black-and-white campaign posters that showed him staring at his smartphone to revitalize the FDP s image. Macron, who formed his own political movement, was able to paint himself as a rebel outsider despite having served for four years under failed French Socialist Francois Hollande. And don t forget Italy, where the two top candidates in next year s election are likely to be Luigi Di Maio, the new 31-year-old leader of the upstart 5-Star movement and former prime minister Matteo Renzi, who at 42 looks positively old by Europe s new standards. ",1
17430,Iraq says Iran has shut border with Kurdistan,"BAGHDAD/DUBAI (Reuters) - Iran on Sunday shut its border crossings with Iraq s Kurdistan in support of measures taken by the Iraqi government to isolate the Kurdish region, the Iraqi foreign ministry said.  At the request of the Iraqi government, the Islamic Republic of Iran closed today the border crossings with the Kurdistan region of Iraq,  the Iraqi foreign ministry said in a statement in Baghdad. Earlier in the day, Iranian Foreign Ministry Spokesman Bahram Qassemi had indirectly dismissed claims these crossings were shut.  As far as I know, nothing new has happened in this area,   the Iranian Students  News Agency (ISNA) quoted him as saying. An Iranian MP Mohammad-Javad Nobandegani said Tehran did not want to publicize the closing of the border.   There is no need for explicit publicity,  the MP was quoted as saying by Iran s ILNA news agency. The closure would negatively impact residents who depend on border trade, he said, adding that  national interests sometimes require us to act this way.  Iran last month halted flights to and from Kurdish regions in northern Iraq over the independence referendum by the autonomous Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG). Tehran also carried out war games at the Kurdish border in September. Tehran fears the spread of separatism to its own Kurdish population, which is around 8 million. Iran backs Shi ite groups which have been ruling or holding key security and government positions in Iraq since the 2003 U.S-led invasion which toppled Saddam Hussein. ",1
17431,Iraq says Kurds have brought in PKK fighters in 'declaration of war',"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - The Iraqi government accused Kurdish authorities on Sunday of bringing fighters from Turkey s separatist Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) to the disputed oil-rich city of Kirkuk, and said it considered the move a  declaration of war.  Vahal Ali, a media assistant to Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) President Masoud Barzani, denied the accusation.  This is false, there are no PKK in Kirkuk, only Peshmerga,  he told Reuters, referring to KRG military forces. In a statement published after a meeting chaired by Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi in Baghdad, and attended by top military and security commanders, the government said it would seek to impose its authority over Kirkuk and other disputed areas. Iraq s Kurdish leadership rejected on Sunday a demand by the Iraqi government to cancel the outcome of an independence referendum as a precondition for talks to resolve the dispute. Barzani and other Kurdish leaders, who met to discuss the crisis in the town of Dokan, renewed their offer to  resolve peacefully  the crisis with Baghdad. They rejected what they described as  military threats  from Iraqi forces against Kurdish Peshmerga fighters, and pledged to defend Kurdish-held territory in the event of an attack. The KRG and the Shi ite-led central government in Baghdad have been at loggerheads since the Sept. 25 referendum and its loud call for Kurdish independence. Tensions between the two parties have flared around the multi-ethnic oil city of Kirkuk, which Peshmerga forces took in 2014 when Iraqi security forces collapsed in the face of an Islamic State onslaught. The Peshmerga deployment prevented Kirkuk s oilfields from falling into jihadist hands. ",1
17432,Hundreds march in Sydney for asylum seekers ahead of PNG camp closure,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - Hundreds of protesters marched through Sydney on Sunday to call for detainees, being held in controversial centers for asylum seekers on remote Pacific islands, to be allowed to stay in Australia as a resettlement deadline approaches. Canberra s hardline immigration policy requires asylum seekers intercepted at sea to be sent for processing to two remote Pacific locations - one on Papua New Guinea s (PNG s) Manus Island and the other on the Micronesian island nation of Nauru. They are told they will never be settled in Australia. The Manus center is to be closed on Oct. 31 when detainees who have had their refugee applications rejected will be resettled in PNG. Protesters led by socialists and refugee advocates in Sydney said the detainees should be resettled in Australia.  Nobody is free on Manus,  said Refugee Action Coalition Sydney spokesman Ian Rintoul on Sunday.  It will be like Nauru, a prison island.  Behrouz Boochani, a Kurdish journalist detained on Manus, said in a Facebook post on Friday that the detainees do not want to be resettled in PNG as they cannot work or provide for their families there and they do not feel safe. The office of Australia s immigration minister, Peter Dutton, could not be immediately reached for a comment. Former U.S. President Barack Obama late last year agreed to resettle up to 1,250 asylum seekers held in PNG and Nauru. In exchange, Australia agreed to take Central American refugees. More than 20 men left to be resettled in the United States last month, the first part of the refugee swap between the Washington and Canberra. Since 2013, 2,125 people have been sent to the detention centers, according to Australia s Department of Immigration. As of Sept. 30, there were still 1,111 people in regional detention, with 742 at Manus and 369 on Nauru. ",1
17433,FACTBOX - German coalition watch: Agreeing on lowest common denominator not enough - Greens,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Chancellor Angela Merkel won a fourth term in office in the German national election on Sept. 24, but a fractured vote that brings the far-right into parliament means she must try to work out a three-way coalition untested at federal level. The new alliance would comprise Merkel s conservative bloc - her Christian Democratic Union (CDU) and the Bavarian Christian Social Union (CSU) - along with the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) and environmentalist Greens. Such a tie-up is called a  Jamaica  coalition, because the three parties  colors of black, yellow and green match those of the Jamaican flag. To secure a coalition agreement, the unlikely bedfellows must overcome differences on a range of issues including immigration policy, Europe, tax and the environment. The CDU and CSU have reached an agreement over immigration policy, but it is not clear whether it will pass muster in a full coalition. Following are remarks on the possible coalition from senior officials:  We achieved a joint result (with the Bavarian CSU allies) which I think is a very, very good basis to go into exploratory talks with the FDP and Greens.    On Friday, October 20th, we will have a first round of exploratory talks with all partners.   The parties come from very different starting positions. There will be discussions in a lot of policy areas with the FDP and the Greens.   We know that unusual combinations can, of course, bring the opportunity to find some solutions to things that had seemed unsolvable until now. So now we need to put our noses to the grindstone and see what we can do.    We d be well advised not to be perfectionists in the upcoming coalition negotiations but rather to be open and to build trust that a government will be formed that acts sensibly, even during unforeseeable crises.   Thoroughness is certainly more important than speed, but I m optimistic that everything will be sorted out by Christmas. All four parties are showing goodwill and the will of the voters is clear too:  Jamaica  should be formed.   We all need to just get started now.   Compromises always mean everyone needs to give a bit.   If the coalition comes off, it must not be a coalition that only agrees on the lowest common denominator. That won t work.    We don t have to govern. There is also the possibility of another grand coalition (between Merkel s conservatives and the Social Democrats).   It can succeed. The most important thing is that trust needs to be built between participants, and that takes time. That s why it would be illusory to believe we could conclude negotiations by Christmas.   No one would understand it if the new government does not pass an immigration law.   We need a mix of humanity and order. We Greens also want to secure the EU s external borders and build a sensible database of fingerprints.   There must be a compromise that nonetheless represents everyone.   This is an agreement between the CDU and CSU, and far from the result of exploratory talks for a coalition with the FDP and Greens.   Immigration is not the only issue where the parties have different ideas.   I am certain that, in the end, the solution that the CDU/CSU have found with each other will not be the basis for common work (with us) for the next four years.   No party can expect the others to accept its original wording without changes ... But I believe that a signal about limiting immigration on humanitarian grounds will ultimately make its way into the coalition agreement.   Europe s fiscal policy needs a shift away from austerity toward a common pact for tax collection and investments, which would trigger social and ecological innovations.   A red line for us in coalition talks is the mutualization of debt in Europe, the creation of new pots of money.   What we Christian Democrats call  preservation of Creation  overlaps a lot with what the Greens call a sustainable approach to nature.   A misunderstanding on the part of the chancellor must be cleared up before the exploratory talks begin: We Greens are resolutely against the driving bans of which there is a risk due to the lack of action and ignorance of her Transport Minister Alexander Dobrindt, Germany s most incompetent minister.   There can only be a Jamaica tax concept if it includes the end of the solidarity surcharge without taking that money out of people s pockets somewhere else.  ",1
17434,"Kurdish leaders reject Baghdad demand to cancel independence vote, renew dialogue offer","BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraq s Kurdish leadership rejected on Sunday a demand by the Iraqi government that it cancels the outcome of an independence referendum as a precondition for talks to resolve the dispute. Kurdish leaders who met to discuss the crisis in the town of Dokan renewed their offer to  resolve peacefully  the crisis with Baghdad.   The Kurdish parties are ready for talks between Erbil and Baghdad,  they said in a statement, referring respectively to the seat of the semi-autonomous Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) in northern Iraq and the federal capital of Iraq.  The talks between Erbil and Baghdad should be under the supervision of international parties,  the statement added. Among those at the meeting were KRG President Masoud Barzani, Iraqi President Fuad Masum   a Kurd who holds a largely ceremonial position in the federal state   and Hero Talabani, widow of Jalal Talabani, a Kurdish leader who died earlier this month.  They rejected what they described as  military threats  from Iraqi forces against Kurdish Peshmerga fighters, and pledged to defend Kurdish-held territory in case of an attack. The KRG and the Shi ite-led central government in Baghdad have been at loggerheads since the Sept. 25 vote and its loud call for Kurdish independence. Tension between two parties has flared around the multi-ethnic oil city of Kirkuk, which Peshmerga forces took in 2014 when Iraqi security forces collapsed in the face of an Islamic State onslaught. The Peshmerga deployment prevented Kirkuk s oilfields from falling into jihadist hands. ",1
17435,Germany's Social Democrats beat Merkel's conservatives in state vote,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany s Social Democrats (SPD) beat Angela Merkel s conservatives in a vote in the northern state of Lower Saxony on Sunday in a setback to the chancellor as she prepares for tricky three-way coalition talks at the national level this week. The SPD, which has governed the swing state home to carmaker Volkswagen (VOWG_p.DE) with the Greens for four years, won 37.5 percent, well up from 32.6 percent in the last election there in 2013, according to an exit poll from infratest dimap. Merkel s Christian Democrats (CDU) fetched 35 percent of the vote in the rich agricultural state, down from 36 percent in the last election there in 2013. The environmentalist Greens, currently junior coalition partner to the SPD in Lower Saxony, won 8.5 percent.  The liberal Free Democrats (FDP) won 7 percent and the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD) cleared the 5-percent threshold to enter parliament with 5.5 percent. Merkel s conservatives, which scored their worst result since 1949 in September s national election, begin exploratory discussions with the FDP and Greens in Berlin this week as they seek to cobble together a federal government. ",1
17436,"Turkey determined to maintain EU accession process, government says","ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey is determined to press on with its efforts to join the European Union despite tensions with the bloc, the government said on Sunday ahead of an EU summit which will discuss the frayed relations between Brussels and Ankara.  The EU, particularly heavyweight member Germany, has become increasingly critical of Turkey since President Tayyip Erdogan launched a crackdown on critics, including journalists and academics after the July 2016 failed coup. Erdogan accused Berlin of  Nazi-like  tactics in March when it prevented Turkish ministers speaking at expatriate rallies in Germany. Chancellor Angela Merkel said in an election debate in September that it was clear Turkey should not join the EU and entry talks should end, despite it being a NATO ally.  Is there another country that has waited at the EU s doorstep since 1963? There is not,  Deputy Prime Minister and government spokesman Bekir Bozdag was quoted as saying by the state-run Anadolu news agency.  We are determined to continue this process despite all the setbacks. We, as Turkey, have no intention of pulling back,  he said. Turkey s 12-year-long accession talks have ground to a halt since Ankara s crackdown after the failed coup, in which more than 50,000 people have been jailed pending trial and some 150,000 have been sacked or suspended from jobs in the military, private and public sectors. EU leaders will meet on Oct. 19 to discuss deteriorating ties between the bloc and Turkey in a two-day summit. However, Merkel was quoted as saying the summit will not make a conclusive decision on Ankara s accession bid. ",1
17437,"Britain, Germany committed to Iran nuclear deal: May's office","LONDON (Reuters) - Britain and Germany agreed on Sunday they remained committed to the nuclear deal with Iran after a U.S. decision to decertify the agreement, a spokeswoman said after a call between Prime Minister Theresa May and German Chancellor Angela Merkel.  They agreed the UK and Germany both remained firmly committed to the deal,  the spokeswoman said in a statement.  They also agreed the international community needed to continue to come together to push back against Iran s destabilizing regional activity, and to explore ways of addressing concerns about Iran s ballistic missile program.   ",1
17438,Syria condemns Trump stance on Iran deal,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Syria s Foreign Ministry on Sunday condemned the U.S. administration of President Donald Trump for its position on the Iran nuclear deal, saying in comments to state media that it would increase regional tension and threaten security and peace.   Syria condemns the aggressive policies of the U.S. administration against the interests of the people, and which will increase the atmosphere of tension in the region and the world,  state news agency SANA quoted an official source at the ministry as saying.  Trump refused on Friday to formally certify that Tehran was complying with the 2015 accord even though international inspectors say it is. He warned he might ultimately terminate the agreement.  Syria is a close ally of Iran, which has given extensive military and financial aid to President Bashar al-Assad in his more than six years of war against rebels seeking to oust him.  The nuclear deal was also signed by China, Russia, France, Britain, Germany and the European Union, leading European allies to warn that putting it into limbo risks undermining U.S. credibility abroad.  The U.S. Congress will now have 60 days to decide whether to reimpose economic sanctions on Tehran that it lifted under the pact.  ",1
17439,South Korea parliament chief tells North Korea to resume missile talks: Ifax,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Chung Sye-kyun, the speaker of South Korea s parliament, on Sunday called on North Korea to resume talks over its nuclear and missile program, saying its nuclear tests were a threat to the Korean Peninsula, the Interfax news agency reported. Interfax said he was speaking at a congress of parliamentarians in St Petersburg, Russia, which a North Korean delegation is also attending. ",1
17440,U.S.-backed SDF launch final assault in Syria's Raqqa city,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - U.S.-backed militias in Syria launched what they described as a final assault on Sunday against an Islamic State pocket inside Raqqa to clear the city of the remaining jihadists.  The battle will continue until the whole city is clean of the terrorists who refused to surrender, including the foreign fighters,  a statement by the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) said.      A convoy of Islamic State fighters evacuated Syria s Raqqa overnight, the SDF said earlier, with the negotiated withdrawal bringing the battle near to its end. ",1
17441,"Factbox - Battle for Raqqa, Islamic State's Syrian HQ near end","BEIRUT (Reuters) - The battle for the city of Raqqa, which Islamic State had used as its headquarters in Syria, is drawing to an end. Islamic State militants have lost swathes of land to various offensives across Syria and Iraq, forced into a diminishing foothold along the Euphrates river valley. Their defeat in Raqqa would be a milestone in the fight to roll back the theocratic  caliphate  Islamic State declared in 2014 in both countries. Following are some facts about Raqqa: Raqqa sits on the Euphrates river around 90 km (56 miles) from the Turkish border in north central Syria.  Hardline Sunni militant group Islamic State overran Raqqa in January 2014, seizing control from rebel factions opposed to the rule of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. The United States has said Islamic State planned and sent teams from Raqqa to carry out attacks on cities including Paris, Brussels and Istanbul.  THE ANTI-IS OFFENSIVE The Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), an alliance of mostly Kurdish and Arab militias, began to advance towards Raqqa city in November 2016. After encircling the city, they launched the offensive to take it, facing tough resistance.  The United States-led coalition supports the SDF with air strikes and special forces on the ground.  The battle for Raqqa has taken a severe toll on civilians. The United Nations said in March the city contained around 200,000 people, just under its pre-war population.  Since late last year, fighting around and in Raqqa has displaced tens of thousands of people. Many have fled the city to camps in surrounding territory now under the control of the SDF and its strongest component, the Kurdish YPG militia.  Civilians trapped inside the Islamic State enclave in the city have endured miserable conditions for months, lacking water, power, food and healthcare. Parts of Raqqa that the SDF captured have mostly been cleared of residents.     Air strikes, fighting and Islamic State snipers and mines have killed many hundreds of people.   The coalition says it is careful to avoid civilian casualties in its bombing runs in Syria and Iraq. But the U.N. human rights office and rights group Amnesty International have raised concerns about reports of high civilian deaths.  Islamic State has imposed its very strict interpretation of Islamic law on Raqqa s residents. The fighters have carried out public executions, lashings and violent punishments for infringements of their rule. The Raqqa campaign has stirred tension between the United States and NATO-ally Turkey. Potential Kurdish influence in the future of the mainly Arab city is sensitive both for some activists from Raqqa and for Turkey.   The YPG has become the main U.S. partner in the fight against Islamic State in northern Syria. Ankara views it as a Syrian extension of the Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK), which has waged a three-decade insurgency within Turkey, and fears growing Kurdish power along its border. The SDF s political allies have set up a Raqqa Civil Council of people from the city, which the SDF says it will hand control to once its fighters have defeated Islamic State. This echoes the pattern in other towns and cities that the SDF captured. The U.S.-led coalition has helped train a new police force for the city.  Islamic State has made enemies of all sides in the more than six-year Syrian conflict, with separate offensives now trying to clear it from its last foothold in the towns along the Euphrates river in eastern Syria near the Iraqi border. Besides the U.S.-backed SDF, the Syrian army, with Russian jets and Iran-backed militias, is also waging its own campaign against Islamic State in eastern Syria.     A modern-day provincial transport hub and market town, Raqqa was built by the Abbasid Islamic Caliphate in the eighth century, serving as its capital at one point. It has been inhabited since antiquity and contains important archaeological and architectural sites. The United Nations has said they have been extensively looted during the war and religious buildings have been damaged. Islamic State militants released a video of them bombing a large part of the Uwais al-Qarani shrine complex in March 2014. ",1
17442,Catalan leader calls for calm ahead of Madrid deadline,"MADRID (Reuters) - Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont on Sunday called for calm less than 24 hours ahead of a deadline from Spain s central government for him to clarify whether he has declared independence for Catalonia or not. Puigdemont made a symbolic declaration of independence on Tuesday night, only to suspend it seconds later and call for negotiations with Madrid on the region s future. Spain s Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy has given him until Monday to clarify his position - and then until Thursday to change his mind if he insists on a split - threatening to suspend Catalonia s autonomy if he chooses independence.  The (Catalan) Government and I want to reiterate our commitment to peace, civility and serenity, and also to (...) democracy as inspiring the decisions we have to make,  Puigdemont said during at a memorial event at Barcelona s Montjuic cemetery.  In these difficult hours of hope in Catalonia, let s take a clear attitude against violence (...) in favour of civility, hope, serenity and respect.  Though Puigdemont did not indicate how he would reply to Madrid, public Catalan TV broadcaster TV-3 said he would not give a  yes  or  no  answer, but a more elaborate response. The Spanish government has said it will take control of Catalonia if Puigdemont give an ambiguous reply.   The answer must be without any ambiguity. He must say  yes  or  no ,  Spanish Interior Minister Juan Ignacio Zoido told Cope radio on Saturday. Puigdemont, who is consulting local parties to prepare his answer, faces a dilemma. If he says he did proclaim independence, the central government will step in. If he says he did not, the far-left Catalan party CUP would probably withdraw its support for his minority government. The Catalan government says 90 percent of Catalans voted for a breakaway in an Oct. 1 referendum that central authorities in Madrid declared illegal and most opponents of independence boycotted, reducing turnout to around 43 percent.  Under Article 155 of the Spanish constitution, the central government can suspend the political autonomy of a region if it breaks the law.  This article, which enables Rajoy to sack the Catalan government and call a regional election, has not been activated since the constitution was adopted in 1978 after the death of dictator Francisco Franco. Spanish newspaper El Mundo reported on Sunday that if article 155 was invoked, the government would replace the Catalan government with a new set-up to manage the region autonomously, which could be run by politicians or technocrats. Within three months, elections would be held. ",1
17443,Hillary Clinton warns Britain on potential trade deal with Trump,"LONDON (Reuters) - Former U.S. presidential candidate Hillary Clinton cautioned Britain on Sunday over its push to secure a trade deal with U.S. President Donald Trump after it leaves the European Union.  Clinton, the Democratic Party candidate who lost out to Trump in last November s election, also said Britain would face serious disruption if it left the EU without a negotiated deal with Brussels.  The British government has talked up the prospect of bilateral trade deals with the United States and others as one of the major benefits of leaving the EU following last year s surprise referendum vote to leave.  Asked about the prospects of a British-U.S. deal, Clinton told the BBC:  You re making a trade deal with somebody who says he doesn t believe in trade, so I m not quite sure how that s going to play out over the next few years.  British Prime Minister Theresa May visited Trump in January to talk trade. The countries share $200 billion of trade each year. But May has since intervened in a dispute between U.S. aerospace firm Boeing and Canadian planemaker Bombardier, lobbying in the interests of Bombardier to try to protect jobs at its factory in Northern Ireland. Clinton also said Britain would be at a  very big disadvantage  if divorce negotiations with the EU failed, and went on to compare the factors behind the Brexit vote to her own election loss.  Looking at the Brexit vote now it was a precursor to some extent to what happened to us in the United States... The amount of fabricated, false information that your voters were given by the  Leave  campaign,  she said. She said her own presidential campaign was subject to similar treatment, citing the spread of false stories by online news outlets, and warned that Britain and other countries must be alert to the risks of such new media.    The big lie is a very potent tool,  she said. ",1
17444,Factbox: Raqqa - Battle for Islamic State's Syrian HQ near end,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - The battle for the city of Raqqa, which Islamic State had used as its headquarters in Syria, is drawing to an end. Islamic State militants have lost swathes of land to various offensives across Syria and Iraq, forced into a diminishing foothold along the Euphrates river valley. Their defeat in Raqqa would be a milestone in the fight to roll back the theocratic  caliphate  Islamic State declared in 2014 in both countries. Following are some facts about Raqqa: Raqqa sits on the Euphrates river around 90 km (56 miles) from the Turkish border in north central Syria.  Hardline Sunni militant group Islamic State overran Raqqa in January 2014, seizing control from rebel factions opposed to the rule of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. The United States has said Islamic State planned and sent teams from Raqqa to carry out attacks on cities including Paris, Brussels and Istanbul.  THE ANTI-IS OFFENSIVE The Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), an alliance of mostly Kurdish and Arab militias, began to advance towards Raqqa city in November 2016. After encircling the city, they launched the offensive to take it, facing tough resistance.  The United States-led coalition supports the SDF with air strikes and special forces on the ground.  The battle for Raqqa has taken a severe toll on civilians. The United Nations said in March the city contained around 200,000 people, just under its pre-war population.  Since late last year, fighting around and in Raqqa has displaced tens of thousands of people. Many have fled the city to camps in surrounding territory now under the control of the SDF and its strongest component, the Kurdish YPG militia.  Civilians trapped inside the Islamic State enclave in the city have endured miserable conditions for months, lacking water, power, food and healthcare. Parts of Raqqa that the SDF captured have mostly been cleared of residents.     Air strikes, fighting and Islamic State snipers and mines have killed many hundreds of people.   The coalition says it is careful to avoid civilian casualties in its bombing runs in Syria and Iraq. But the U.N. human rights office and rights group Amnesty International have raised concerns about reports of high civilian deaths.  Islamic State has imposed its very strict interpretation of Islamic law on Raqqa s residents. The fighters have carried out public executions, lashings and violent punishments for infringements of their rule. The Raqqa campaign has stirred tension between the United States and NATO-ally Turkey. Potential Kurdish influence in the future of the mainly Arab city is sensitive both for some activists from Raqqa and for Turkey.   The YPG has become the main U.S. partner in the fight against Islamic State in northern Syria. Ankara views it as a Syrian extension of the Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK), which has waged a three-decade insurgency within Turkey, and fears growing Kurdish power along its border. The SDF s political allies have set up a Raqqa Civil Council of people from the city, which the SDF says it will hand control to once its fighters have defeated Islamic State. This echoes the pattern in other towns and cities that the SDF captured. The U.S.-led coalition has helped train a new police force for the city.  Islamic State has made enemies of all sides in the more than six-year Syrian conflict, with separate offensives now trying to clear it from its last foothold in the towns along the Euphrates river in eastern Syria near the Iraqi border. Besides the U.S.-backed SDF, the Syrian army, with Russian jets and Iran-backed militias, is also waging its own campaign against Islamic State in eastern Syria.     A modern-day provincial transport hub and market town, Raqqa was built by the Abbasid Islamic Caliphate in the eighth century, serving as its capital at one point. It has been inhabited since antiquity and contains important archaeological and architectural sites. The United Nations has said they have been extensively looted during the war and religious buildings have been damaged. Islamic State militants released a video of them bombing a large part of the Uwais al-Qarani shrine complex in March 2014. ",1
17445,Transport minister doesn't think Britain will leave EU without a deal,"LONDON (Reuters) - British transport minister Chris Grayling said on Sunday he didn t think Britain would leave the European Union without a negotiated deal with the bloc. Negotiations are deadlocked between Prime Minister Theresa May s government and the EU on securing a divorce settlement and agreement on future relations, raising the prospect that Britain could walk away from talks without a deal.  I don t think we ll get to that position,  Grayling, a leading campaigner for  Leave  at least year s referendum, told the BBC when asked what the consequences of leaving without a deal would be. Grayling also said he thought there was no danger of Brexit stopping airlines being able to fly into and out of the country. He said he believed Britain would end up remaining a member of the European Aviation Safety Agency, which oversees safety legislation.  I m of the view that at the end of the negotiations I would expect that to be the case,  he said when asked whether Britain would remain a member of the organization. ",1
17446,Syrian town struggles to cope alone after key victory over Islamic State,"KOBANI, Syria (Reuters) - Almost three years after Kurdish fighters defeated Islamic State in the Syrian town of Kobani, residents still mourn the dead and feel abandoned by their foreign allies as they struggle to rebuild. Islamic State s defeat in predominately Kurdish Kobani in early 2015 helped turn the tide against the ultra-militant group and marked the start of a more open U.S. military relationship with the Kurdish YPG militia.  But much of the town near the border with Turkey was destroyed, leaving it facing a huge reconstruction challenge and in need of help from the allies that had supported the fight to defeat Islamic State, including the United States. Electricity still works only a few hours a day and regularly cuts out. The internet, using a Turkish communications signal, is expensive and unreliable. That, local officials say, is because aid quickly dried up, and the town s problems could soon be replicated across parts of northern Syria as Islamic State cedes ground.  There were never (reconstruction) projects that reflected the scale of destruction,  said Khaled Barkal, a vice president in the local government. Kurdish ties with the West are complicated by local rivalries and alliances, and by Kurdish efforts to assert autonomy in areas captured from Islamic State. Local officials also accuse the West of trying to appease NATO ally Turkey, which sees the YPG as an extension of the PKK, a Kurdish group waging an insurgency against the Turkish government.  Turkey doesn t want life to return here,  Barkal said. Ankara opposes the YPG role in capturing Arab-majority areas such as Raqqa, saying it threatens demographic change. Kurdish self-assertion in Iraq and Syria has also brought charges of mistreatment of Arabs, which officials deny. Western diplomats in the region say support for the YPG in the battle against Islamic State cannot extend to bolstering a Kurdish-led project to cement an autonomous region. Washington opposes plans for autonomy in northern Syria, with the international community seeking a nationwide resolution to Syria s more than six-year-old civil war. The people of Kobani fear more upheaval lies ahead. Syrian President Bashar al-Assad wants to win back control of all Syria, and Kurdish-led authorities are seeking to cement regional autonomy through elections, which could increase tensions. Residents say they willingly paid the price of defeating Islamic State and are grateful for U.S. help in the victory.  But the price was high, in terms of lives and destruction.  Shereen Hassan was among the first fighters killed defending Kobani, which was under siege from Islamic State for four months. Family members learned of her death when they tried to call her and Islamic State militants answered her phone.   They said:  We ve killed your daughter and we re posting a picture of her head on Facebook ,  Hassan s brother Ednan Hassan said at their home. The image was later posted, showing a grinning militant holding the 19-year-old s severed head. Fighters are buried in a military cemetery on the edge of town where yellow YPG flags flutter above gravestones. Portraits of dead Kurdish fighters dot the walls of the local administration and hang from rows of lamp posts.     The violence did not end completely when the battle for Kobani was won. In June 2015, months after Islamic State was defeated in the town, the group launched a raid that killed nearly 150 people there including 11 members of Hassan s family. Such experiences have militarized society and the small scale of aid leaves people unwilling to rely on outside help.  The international community left us,  Hassan said.  Before the war, every home had a gun. Now it s every man.  Men in the town run a night watch, taking turns to drive around armed with Kalashnikov assault rifles.  We protect ourselves,  said locksmith Khaled Aldamr, cutting keys in his shop. Aldamr, whose home was leveled by an air strike, said  business had improved for him, but that reflected the scale of the damage that during the fighting, not an improvement in the local economy.  When Daesh (Islamic State) came, they kicked down doors to occupy houses, breaking the locks. People need new ones,  he said, pointing at a pile of locks displayed in the window. His services are required as new buildings spring up where homes were reduced to rubble. Many are empty so far. The population of Kobani and nearby areas has neared its original 200,000 after people returned, Barkal said, although only 40,000 live in the town itself with fewer inhabitable spaces.  Kobani is tired. I m lucky. Many have no work,  Aldamr said.  We hope to rebuild better than before, which could happen if skilled Kurds abroad come back or send money. But we re trapped. Borders are closed.  Turkey closed its crossing with Kobani in 2015, and has since built a concrete wall that stretches hundreds of kilometers along the frontier. Goods come through Iraq s Kurdish region, or are smuggled from areas under Assad s control. People complain of a lack of medicine. Despite the problems, and the possibility of more violence, the people of Kobani say they will not give up.  We ll defend ourselves against whoever comes, to the last drop of blood,  Barkal said. ",1
17447,Raqqa evacuation included some foreign fighters: local official,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Some, but not all, foreign Islamic State fighters have left Syria s Raqqa city on Sunday as part of a withdrawal deal with U.S.-backed militias, a local official told Reuters on Sunday.  Omar Alloush, a member of the Raqqa Civil Council, would not say how many militants remain in the city, where the U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces have hemmed them into a small enclave.  An SDF spokesman said earlier that a group of Syrian Islamic State fighters without foreign militants had evacuated Raqqa overnight, taking civilians with them as human shields. ",1
17448,"French army charter plane crashes in Ivory Coast, four Moldovans killed","ABIDJAN (Reuters) - Four Moldovan citizens were killed and two others were injured on Saturday when a cargo plane chartered by the French military crashed into the sea near the airport in Ivory Coast s main city, Abidjan, Ivorian and French officials said. Four French citizens were also injured in the crash, which occurred as the Antonov 26 plane, en route from Burkina Faso s capital Ouagadougou, neared the airport, said Sinaly Silue, director general of Ivory Coast s civil aviation authority. A witness had earlier told Reuters that the plane crashed shortly after takeoff.  There were 10 people aboard including six crew members, three French soldiers and a French civilian who was working for the (aviation) company,  Silue said at a news conference. He said the plane was registered in Moldova, but did not name the company.    The control tower in Abidjan lost contact with the plane at 8:24 a.m. (0824 GMT) during a heavy thunderstorm, Silue added.   Abidjan s airport is located in a heavily populated area but it did not appear that anyone on the ground was hurt. The French military operates a logistics base next to the airport in support of its Barkhane operation, combatting Islamist militants in West Africa s Sahel region.      This was a plane chartered by the French army in the framework of the Barkhane force in order to carry out logistical missions,  French army spokesman Colonel Patrick Steiger said. Silue said he did not yet have information about what caused the crash, though he noted that the weather was  very bad  along the approach to the airport.  An investigation had been launched and Ivorian authorities were in contact with their French and Moldovan counterparts, he said. The four injured French citizens were being treated at the French military base adjacent to the airport. France s ambassador to Ivory Coast, along with French gendarmes and soldiers, had quickly arrived at the crash site, where hundreds of local residents gathered to look at the wreckage.  Some of them assisted firefighters and rescue divers who had to contend with rough seas as they freed the bodies of the dead from the plane, which had broken into several large pieces.  ",1
17449,Iran's Soleimani arrives in Kurdish region for talks about crisis with Baghdad,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iranian Major General Qassem Soleimani has arrived in Iraq s Kurdistan region for talks about the escalating crisis between the Kurdish authorities and the Iraqi government following the Kurdish independence referendum, a Kurdish official said on Sunday. Soleimani is the commander of foreign operations for Iran s elite Revolutionary Guards, a military corp providing training and weapons to Iraqi paramilitary groups backing the Shi ite-led government in Baghdad.  ",1
17450,Tears and joy on Britains St. Helena as 'world's most useless airport' finally opens,"JAMESTOWN, St. Helena (Reuters) - One of humanity s most isolated outposts joined the 21st century on Saturday when the British island of St. Helena, home to  the world s most useless airport , welcomed its first commercial flight. As the inaugural plane from Johannesburg touched down on the forbidding volcanic outcrop in the middle of the south Atlantic, the travel and history buffs on board clapped and cheered.  I ve never felt so emotional in all my life,  said Libby Weir-Breen, a British travel operator who has been bringing tourists to the island, 1,200 miles (1,900 km) west of the African nation of Angola, for the last 12 years. She had flown in specially from Scotland to be on the plane, and dabbed away tears as it touched down on the spectacular cliff-side runway.  I never thought I d see this day,  she said.  The 4,500 people living on St. Helena, a British colony since 1658 - most famous as the windswept outpost where French emperor Napoleon Bonaparte breathed his last - might also be forgiven for thinking the day would never come. There has been talk of building an airport on St. Helena since the 1930s. The best site   one of the few flat spaces on the notoriously craggy island   was ruled out because of a nearby breeding ground for the wirebird, an endangered species of plover. An airport at the new site, on top of a valley filled in with 8 million cubic meters of rock, suffered numerous setbacks and delays as costs ballooned to 285 million pounds, to the horror of the British government. The runway and terminal were completed in 2016 but the official opening was pushed back another year after test flights were buffeted by wicked cross-winds, making it unsafe for large aircraft to use. With Britain mired in financial austerity, the London media were quick to condemn it as a white elephant, or  the world s most useless airport , with a price tag of more than 60,000 pounds for every Saint, as the island s residents are known. Before the opening of the airport, which will receive weekly flights to and from the South African commercial capital, the only way to St. Helena was a five-night voyage from Cape Town aboard the RMS St. Helena, a British postal ship. With the risk of wind-shear limiting the size of planes and numbers of passengers   Saturday s flight had room for 100 but only 68 on board due to weight restrictions   the hoped-for tourist boom is unlikely to materialize. Hotel capacity has jumped in the last few years from just a few dozen rooms to more than 100, but, with a maximum of 3,500 visitors a year, the island is unlikely to be weaned off the 53 million pounds it receives in aid every year from London. Besides Napoleon s old house, Longwood, and a cemetery holding some of the 6,000 Afrikaner prisoners sent there by the British during the Anglo-Boer wars in South Africa, St. Helena offers scuba diving and walking in pristine natural wildernesses. Governor Lisa Phillips dismissed the critics and said that even before it accepted its first commercial flight, the airport had proved its worth in the last 18 months by enabling several life-saving emergency medical evacuations, including a newborn child.  I ve seen the headlines about the world s most useless airport, but for St. Helenans this has already been the most useful airport,  she told reporters after greeting them on the tarmac.  It s priceless.  ",1
17451,Turkish army expands deployment in Syria's northwest: rebels,"AMMAN (Reuters) - The Turkish army is expanding its deployment in northwest Syria with the goal of encircling a Kurdish enclave and reining in Russian strikes in the Idlib border province under a deal to reduce clashes, rebels and witnesses said on Sunday. A convoy of Turkish army troops entered Syria near the Bab al-Hawa border crossing on Thursday in the first such deployment since last year when Ankara launched a major ground and air offensive to clear Islamic State militants from its last stretch of border with Turkey. At least four convoys carrying scores of armored vehicles and equipment have been stationed in several locations in the first phase of a deployment that is expected to deepen inside rebel-held Idlib, opposition sources said.  Nearly 200 troops are now stationed in areas that separate territory under control of Kurdish groups and opposition groups,  said Ibrahim al Idlibi, a military adviser in the opposition s Free Syrian Army (FSA). Witnesses said Turkish bulldozers were working around the clock, digging fortifications and setting up observation posts. A new deployment of Turkish armored vehicles and personnel arrived along the Syrian border on Saturday, positioned on the Turkish side, witnesses said.   Turkey was expanding its presence in an area where it hopes to act as a barrier to Kurdish ambitions of uniting the isolated Afrin region, north of Idlib, with the rest of a self-declared autonomous Kurdish zone in the country s north. Turkish positions near Samaan castle in the Sheikh Barakat mountains of the fertile, olive-growing province put them just a few kilometers from Kurdish militia forces based in Jendaris.   Turkish forces are still in a state of advancing and expanding,  said Mustafa al Sejari, a Free Syrian Army official. Turkey says its operations there, along with the Syrian rebel groups it backs, is part of a deal it reached last month with Russia and Iran in Kazakhstan to reduce fighting between insurgents and the Syrian government. Syria on Saturday denounced the Turkish incursion saying it was a flagrant violation of its sovereignty and demanded Ankara pull its troops.[L8N1MP0EN] The Turkish incursion into the province dominated by the jihadist group Tahrir al Sham, whose backbone is ex-Nusra Front, Syria s former al Qaeda offshoot, has run smoothly. Rebel sources familiar with the deployment said the operation was preceded by weeks of coordination between Tahrir al Sham with Turkish intelligence officers to ensure no clashes happened. Free Syrian Army rebel groups said the goal of the campaign was to push deeper into the province, with the expansion of supply lines and observation posts. The jihadists would be retreating further south in a phased withdrawal.  The Turks will be taking up positions 40 km deep inside Idlib as agreed,  Idlibi said.  The goal was ultimately to create a contiguous stretch that goes from Bab al-Hawa all the way to Jarablus city, west of Euphrates River and as far south as the city of Bab, widening a pocket of the northern border under the control of Turkey-backed rebels. Many residents in the towns of Idlib province, where more than two million people live, have welcomed the arrival of Turkish troops. They are seen as a bulwark against heavy Russian and Syrian army bombardment to crush the rebel province that would cause massive devastation and high civilian casualties.  The Turks presented the factions of the FSA the military and logistical support so that Idlib escapes the fate of Deir Zor or Raqqa,  said Colonel Abdul Jabar Akaidi, a senior commander in the FSA in the north.   Heavily populated Idlib has been the target of hundreds of strikes by the Russia and Syrian air forces in the past year that has killed hundreds of civilians and destroyed hospitals and civil defense centers.  Six months of relative peace under a Turkish-Russian understanding that gave a temporary reprieve to thousands of people was shattered when Russia resumed an intensive bombing campaign last month when jihadists launched an offensive against Syrian army positions.[L5N1M508R] On Saturday in southern Idlib, jets believed to be Russian killed at least three civilians and injured scores when bombs struck the outskirts of Maarat al Numan. The air raids also targeted a camp run by Failaq al Sham, a Turkey-backed FSA group in Kafr Ruma village where a strike last month killed dozens of its fighters.    ",1
17452,Hundreds of U.S. Marines leave Australia after troop rotation,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - Three hundred U.S. Marines flew out of Australia on Sunday as their troop rotation came to an end, the first of a 1,250-strong force to leave the Pacific nation after being stationed for six months in the country s far north. The sixth rotational group was the most advanced contingent to be sent since the program began after former U.S. President Barack Obama agreed to send troops in 2011 as part of a military pivot to the Asia-Pacific region. For the first time the rotation included an aviation combat section of 13 aircraft, including four MV-22 Osprey tilt-rotor aircraft, according to Australia s Department of Defence. Australian and U.S. troops also practiced disaster relief and humanitarian assistance as a combined force in a remote location for the first time. The rotational forces are stationed in Darwin, state capital of the Northern Territory, which is strategically located on the coastal doorstep of Indonesia, East Timor and Papua New Guinea. During the six-month deployment, the U.S. troops participated in 12 joint exercises with the Australian Defence Force, giving them an opportunity to interact with a range of countries including China, Indonesia, Japan, New Zealand, Malaysia, the Philippines, Singapore, Thailand and Vietnam.  Australia s alliance with the United States is our most important defense relationship and remains central to Australia s security,  Captain Bryan Parker, deputy commander of Australia s Northern Command, said in a statement.  The presence of the U.S. Marines across the Northern Territory plays a vital role in underwriting security and stability across the Indo-Pacific,  he said, adding that force posture initiatives were essential to preserving stability over the coming decades. Marine rotation numbers were originally expected to reach 2,500 by 2017 but so far have not risen above 1,250, according to ABC News reports. ",1
17453,China expels former justice minister from party for graft,"BEIJING (Reuters) - A former Chinese justice minister has been expelled from the ruling Communist Party following an investigation by the anti-corruption watchdog, the first time the government has announced that she was in trouble. Wu Aiying, 65, was justice minister from 2005 until February this year, according to her official resume, and one of only a handful of senior female officials in China. In a statement released late on Saturday following a four-day meeting of the party s Central Committee, the largest of its elite ruling bodies, Wu s name was listed as one of a number of officials to have been expelled from the party for graft. While the other names listed, including former Chongqing city party boss, Sun Zhengcai, had been announced earlier, Wu s name had not been mentioned by the party in connection with any investigation. The Central Commission for Discipline Inspection found that Wu had  serious discipline problems , the communique said using a euphemism for corruption, but gave no other details. It was not possible to reach Wu or a representative for comment. Wu had spent most her career working in the eastern province of Shandong, where she rose to become a deputy provincial party chief, before moving to Beijing in late 2003 to work at the Justice Ministry. China s legal authorities have been one of the focuses of President Xi Jinping s crackdown on deep-rooted corruption, with powerful former domestic security chief Zhou Yongkang, and many of his allies and former associates, jailed. It is not clear if Wu had any direct connection with Zhou. The WeChat account of the state-run Beijing News, Political Matters, said that Wu was known to be a no-nonsense straight talker, once shouting at an underling when a mobile phone rang in the middle of a meeting. The announcement about Wu comes a few days before the party opens a key, once-in-five-years Congress on Wednesday, which will see Xi strengthen his power and promote key allies and aides. ",1
17454,Cambodia's political prince submits to its strongman,"PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - With Cambodia s opposition warning of the imminent death of its democracy, the historic rival who once beat Prime Minister Hun Sen in an election said there was no option but to work with the strongman. Seventy three year-old Prince Norodom Ranariddh, Hun Sen s opponent in U.N.-supervised elections in 1993, has horrified Cambodia s main opposition party with a call for it to be dissolved after its leader was charged with treason. Ranariddh s career exemplifies not only the swings in Cambodian politics, but also the way Hun Sen, 65, has used force and cunning to neutralize enemies since defecting from the genocidal Khmer Rouge in the 1970s to help drive it from power.  Samdech Hun Sen, you want or you don t want, you like him or you don t like him, he brings about this national unity,  Ranariddh said, using the prime minister s formal title.  According to the law you are not allowed to harm national unity,  the white haired Ranariddh told Reuters on Saturday. Beside him, four aides nodded and pressed together their palms in deferential emphasis. Ranariddh s royalist Funcinpec party won no parliamentary seats in 2013 elections, but would be allocated most of those held by the Cambodia National Rescue Party (CNRP) if it is dissolved after the arrest of leader Kem Sokha last month.  Alongside the government, Funcinpec has sought a ban on the CNRP because of the arrest. Kem Sokha and his party dismiss the charges against him as bogus and an attempt to extend Hun Sen s 32-year rule at the head of the Cambodian People s Party (CPP) amid the biggest crackdown on critics of the prime minister in years.  The prince failed his people when he had the mandate to bring real peace,  said Mu Sochua, a deputy to Kem Sokha who recently fled to exile in fear of arrest.   Now, he is robbing his people of their right to choose the leader of their choice by collaborating with the CPP in the dissolution of the CNRP.  Ranariddh was summoned to politics from his post as a French law lecturer by his wily father, the late King Norodom Sihanouk. With royalist sentiment strong, Ranariddh beat Hun Sen in the 1993 election organized by the United Nations. But when Hun Sen threatened a return to war, Sihanouk did a deal that sidelined his son as a co-prime minister.  Ranariddh was driven into exile in 1997 after his forces were defeated by those of Hun Sen in bloody clashes in Phnom Penh. After international pressure, Ranariddh was allowed to contest elections a year after, but never again came close to winning and entered on and off alliances with Hun Sen. Splits in the party followed and after a spell overseas following accusations of financial scandal, Ranariddh returned in 2015. As he speaks, he switches between English and Khmer with a peppering of French.  We are not puppets,  Ranariddh said beside a huge portrait of his father.  We are definitely not an opposition party but we don t always, always, always say  yes, yes, yes, yes, yes . We can say  no .   Although the United States and other Western countries helped secure Ranariddh s return to Cambodia in the 1990s, he dismissed their criticism of Kem Sokha s arrest and calls on the government to stop moves to ban the CNRP.  I, Norodom Ranariddh, would like them to leave us free to decide,  he said. ",1
17455,"China confirms will amend party constitution, likely to include Xi's theories","BEIJING (Reuters) - China s ruling Communist Party has agreed to amend the party constitution, expected to embed President Xi Jinping s political thought, ahead of next week s five-yearly party congress in which Xi will tighten his grip on power.    The party s Central Committee, the largest of its elite ruling bodies, on Saturday passed a previously announced proposal to amend the constitution which will now be put to the Congress for formal approval. A lengthy communique released by the party via state media offered praise for the past five years under Xi s leadership, especially success in the fight against corruption, but did not say what wording would be inserted into the party constitution. A key measure of Xi s power will be whether he manages to have his name  crowned  in the party constitution, elevating him to the level of previous leaders exemplified by Mao Zedong Thought and Deng Xiaoping Theory. Xi s more recent predecessors, Jiang Zemin and Hu Jintao, both had the party constitution amended to include their guiding thoughts, but without their names directly attached. Jiang has his  Three Represents , which embraced private entrepreneurs, written in, while Hu, Xi s immediate predecessor, had his economic doctrine of  scientific development  included. In the section of the communique mentioning former leaders  theories, there was a reference to  the spirit of General Secretary Xi Jinping s series of important speeches and new concepts, new thinking and new strategy on governing , signalling that could be the phrasing used.  The party has also been pushing Xi s  Four Comprehensives,  which refer to China working  comprehensively  to build a moderately prosperous society and strengthen reforms, rule of law and party discipline, as well as the  Four Greats , which focus on party building and national rejuvenation. The four-day Central Committee plenary meeting also approved reports by the party s corruption watchdog of investigations into several former senior officials who have been sacked or jailed for graft, including Sun Zhengcai, once a contender for top leadership who was expelled from the party last month.  Since assuming power five years ago, Xi has mounted a sweeping campaign against deep-rooted corruption, with more than one million people punished and dozens of senior officials jailed. The party has vowed that the campaign, overseen by close Xi ally Wang Qishan, will never end. The Congress will open on Wednesday with a speech by Xi, the party s head, details of which are a closely guarded secret ahead of time but will focus more on ideology than concrete policies. Last October, the party gave Xi the title of  core  leader, a significant strengthening of his position ahead of the Congress, at which a new Standing Committee, the pinnacle of power in China, will be constituted. ",1
17456,Factbox: What to watch for at China's Communist Party Congress,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China s ruling Communist Party on Wednesday opens its 19th Congress, at which President Xi Jinping will map out his ambitions for the country for the next five years and beyond, likely to be high on aspiration and short on concrete details. Here are some key factors to watch out for: - Will Xi resurrect the position of party chairman? Xi is currently the party s general secretary, but not its chairman, a title Mao Zedong and his two successors, Hua Guofeng and Hu Yaobang, both held. Becoming party chairman would put Xi at the same level as Mao and could allow him to effectively end three decades of collective leadership, giving him unparalleled power. - What will happen to chief corruption-buster Wang Qishan? Speculation has swirled that Wang, 69, could be asked to stay on past an unofficial retirement age limit, either in his current role, or possibly in a new position with an economic portfolio. - Who will be on the new Standing Committee, the apex of power in China? Currently made up of seven men, most of whom are expected to retire and be replaced by new faces. Possible names include Li Shulei, Wang s deputy at the anti-corruption watchdog; the Chongqing party chief Chen Miner, who is close to Xi; and the provincial party boss of Guangdong, Hu Chunhua. If Xi becomes party chairman the significance of the Standing Committee would become diminished, as power would be concentrated in Xi s hands rather than in the Standing Committee. - A series of new personnel appointments, like the foreign minister and central bank chief, will be decided, though some may not be formalized and announced until the annual meeting of parliament in March.  - Changing the party s constitution. Some sort of reference to Xi and his theories will be included in the revised constitution - a further sign of his tightening grip on power. - Bolstering the anti-corruption and security systems. A new National Supervision Commission, which would combine the roles of several party and government bodies that currently combat graft, will likely be set up.  - The National Security Commission, already headed by Xi, could also get new powers, potentially making it more important than the Central Military Commission, which runs the People s Liberation Army. That would give the National Security Commission more power to tackle domestic and foreign threats. The exact role of a more powerful Commission is still unclear, including if it will have overall command of both the military and the domestic security forces. - Whether Xi will anoint a successor. Xi s rise to the top was confirmed at the 2007 Congress, when he first joined the Standing Committee and then became vice president the following year. Any successor would have to join the Standing Committee at this Congress and be young enough to serve at least three five-year terms. If there is no obvious successor, it will increase speculation that Xi could stay on in power after 2022, when the next Congress occurs, and when Xi should, according to precedent and age limits, step down after two terms in office. - Whether Xi reaffirms 2013 reform pledges to let market forces play a  decisive  role in the economy, a catchphrase rarely mentioned now. Signals on new reform initiatives will be important, especially concerning state-owned enterprises, the fiscal system, property taxes and land rights. Also important is if there are any fresh measures to tackle industrial overcapacity and debt issues. Any fresh measures to tackle overcapacity and debt issues. - Any hints on policy priorities for the next five years, both monetary and fiscal, though analysts don t expect the Congress to unveil any major policy changes. Economic and policy agendas for 2018 will be set at the annual economic work conference later this year.  - New expressions on the economy and reforms, following Xi s use of the terms  new normal  to describe the more moderate pace of economic growth, and  supply-side structural reform . - How the punishing war on pollution is affecting China s business and government leaders as they prepare for a tough winter campaign aimed at meeting politically sensitive smog reduction targets. Fighting pollution is now a key criterion on which the performance of officials will be judged. ",1
17457,Car bombs kill at least 22 in Somalia's capital Mogadishu: police,"MOGADISHU (Reuters) - Two car bombs in separate parts of Somalia s capital Mogadishu killed at least 22 people on Saturday and injured several others, police said. The first explosion - in the city s K5 Junction area which is lined with government offices, hotels, and restaurants - destroyed several buildings and set dozens of vehicles on fire.  We know that at least 20 civilians are dead while dozens of others are wounded,  said Abdullahi Nur, a police officer who was in the area.  The death toll will surely rise. We are still busy transporting casualties,  he said, adding that there were  bodies under the rubble. About two hours later, a second blast took place in the city s Madina district.  It was a car bomb. Two civilians were killed,   Siyad Farah, a police major, told Reuters, adding that a suspect had been caught on suspicion of planting explosives. There was no immediate claim of responsibility, although the Islamist al Shabaab group has carried out regular attacks The al Qaeda-allied group is waging an insurgency to topple the weak U.N.-backed government and its African Union allies and impose its own strict interpretation of Islam. They frequently launch gun, grenade and bomb attacks in Mogadishu and other regions controlled by the federal government, though in recent years the militants have lost most territory under their control to African Union peacekeepers and government troops. ",1
17458,U.S.-backed SDF to let Syrian Islamic State fighters leave Raqqa,"AIN ISSA, Syria/BEIRUT (Reuters) - Syrian Islamic State fighters are set to abandon Raqqa in a withdrawal agreed with U.S.-backed Syrian militias that have them surrounded, a militia spokesman said on Saturday, as the jihadists  defeat in their former Syrian capital edged closer. Officials gave conflicting accounts on whether foreign fighters would also be leaving the city, where the U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) have been battling to defeat Islamic State since June. SDF spokesman Talal Silo said the foreign fighters would be left behind  to surrender or die , without saying when the evacuation of Syrian fighters would take place. But Omar Alloush, a member of Raqqa s Civil Council, said the evacuation would include foreign fighters. He said it would take place overnight into Sunday. The jihadists would be taking some 400 civilians with them as human shields, he said. The final defeat of IS at Raqqa would be a milestone in efforts to roll back the theocratic  caliphate  the group declared in 2014 in Syria and Iraq, where earlier this year it was driven from the city of Mosul. IS used Raqqa as a base to plan attacks against the West. The Kurdish YPG militia, which dominates the SDF, told Reuters earlier on Saturday that Islamic State was on the verge of defeat in Raqqa, and the city may finally be cleared of the jihadists on Saturday or Sunday.  The U.S.-led coalition against Islamic State said a convoy was due to leave Raqqa on Saturday, in an arrangement agreed by local parties. It described the arrangement as  a civilian evacuation  and said it would not condone any arrangement that allowed  terrorists to escape Raqqa without facing justice .     Coalition spokesman Col. Ryan Dillon said the coalition s stance was that IS fighters must surrender unconditionally, but added that he could not comment on who would be in the convoy. He said difficult fighting was expected in the days ahead. The coalition statement said the arrangement brokered by the Raqqa Civil Council and local Arab tribal elders on Oct. 12 was  designed to minimize civilian casualties and purportedly excludes foreign Daesh terrorists . The coalition believed the arrangement would  save innocent lives and allow Syrian Democratic Forces and the coalition to focus on defeating Daesh terrorists in Raqqa with less risk of civilian casualties , it said. Tribal leaders from Raqqa said the SDF had agreed to allow safe passage out of the city for Syrian Islamic State fighters still inside, and they were organizing a  mechanism  for them to leave. Its statement made no mention of the fate of Islamic State s foreign jihadists, but said the remaining fighters in the city were only  a small number besieged in one or more positions in the city, who have no choice but surrender or death . Alloush earlier told Reuters that the IS fighters would go to remaining territory held by the group in Syria. Negotiated withdrawals of combatants facing defeat have become a common feature of the six-year-long Syrian war.      An activist group that reports on Raqqa, Raqqa Is Being Slaughtered Silently, said on its Facebook page that dozens of buses had entered Raqqa city overnight Friday from the countryside to the north. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, a British-based organization that reports on the war, said Syrian Islamic State fighters and their families had already left the city, and buses had arrived to evacuate remaining foreign fighters and their families.     The Syrian army, which is supported by Iran-backed militias and the Russian air force, declared another significant victory over Islamic State on Saturday, saying it had captured the town of al-Mayadin in Deir al-Zor province. The eastern province is Islamic State s last major foothold in Syria, and it is under attack there from the SDF on one side and Syrian government forces supported by Iran-backed militias and Russian air strikes on the other.  Islamic State fighters had previously agreed to an evacuation last August, from an area on the Syrian-Lebanese border. But as their convoy moved toward Islamic State-held territory in eastern Syria, coalition planes blocked its route by cratering roads, destroying bridges and attacking nearby Islamic State vehicles. ",1
17459,Kurds say reject Iraqi warning to withdraw from key junction south of Kirkuk,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Kurdish Peshmerga fighters rejected a warning from an Iraqi  paramilitary force to withdraw from a strategic junction south of the oil-rich city of Kirkuk, a Kurdish security official told Reuters on Sunday. Popular Mobilisation, formed mainly by Iranian-trained Shi ite groups, gave the Peshmerga until midnight local time (2100 GMT Saturday) to leave a position north of the Maktab Khalid junction, the official from the Kurdistan Regional Government s (KRG) Security Council said.  The position controls the access to an airbase and some of the oilfields located in the region of Kirkuk, the official said. The city and its immediate surroundings, including the oilfields, are under Kurdish control. There were no clashes reported about an hour after the deadline, but a resident said dozens of young Kurds deployed around Kirkuk with machine guns as the news of the warning spread. The KRG and the Shi ite-led central government in Baghdad are at loggerheads since a Kurdish independence referendum held last month in northern Iraq. Kurdish authorities said on Friday they had sent thousands more troops to Kirkuk to confront Iraqi  threats.   Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi has repeatedly denied any plans to attack the Kurds. Popular Mobilisation is a separate force from the regular army and officially reports to Abadi. It is deployed alongside the army south and west of Kirkuk. Kirkuk, a city of more than one million people, lies just outside KRG territory but Peshmerga forces deployed there in 2014 when Iraqi security forces collapsed in the face of an Islamic State onslaught. The Peshmerga deployment prevented Kirkuk s oilfields from falling into jihadist hands. The Baghdad central government has taken a series of steps to isolate the autonomous Kurdish region since its overwhelming vote for independence in the referendum, including banning international flights from going there. ",1
17460,Germany's FDP does not expect coalition to form before Christmas,"BERLIN (Reuters) - A senior member of the pro-business Free Democrat (FDP) party that is likely to be a partner in Chancellor Angela Merkel s new government said in a magazine interview he did not expect the coalition to form before the end of the year. Next week Merkel s conservatives - who remain the biggest bloc in parliament despite losing support to the far right in a September election - are due to start talks on forming a tricky  Jamaica  coalition with the FDP and the Greens. The alliance, which derives its name from the three parties  colors matching the Jamaican flag, is untried at national level and is likely to be fraught with disagreements on issues like migrants, tax, European Union reform and the environment. Asked whether the parties could work together, FDP deputy leader Wolfgang Kubicki told news magazine Der Spiegel:  It can succeed. The most important thing is that trust needs to be built between participants and that takes time.  That s why it would be illusory to believe we could conclude negotiations by Christmas.  Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble said on Thursday he was optimistic that Merkel and her conservatives - of which he is a member - would be able to forge a new coalition government before Christmas. [nL8N1MN61D] Merkel s Christian Democrats (CDU) and their Bavarian sister party (CSU) removed a major stumbling block to the coalition talks on Sunday by ending a dispute over migrant policy with an agreement to limit to 200,000 the number of people Germany would accept per year on humanitarian grounds. [nL8N1MJ0EG] But Kubicki said the deal was just a starting point:  If the CDU and CSU think their agreement needs to be implemented exactly like that, we ll stand up and leave,  he said. Speculation is rife that the FDP will demand the post of finance minister as a price for joining a  Jamaica  coalition and Kubicki said it was up to FDP leader Christian Lindner to decide whether Lindner would fill that post or be FDP parliamentary floor leader. But Volker Kauder, the CDU s leader in parliament, recently said the Finance Ministry should remain in the hands of his party to further the work of Wolfgang Schaeuble - expected to become parliamentary president. Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere, a member of Merkel s  conservatives, urged the parties to be pragmatic.  We d be well advised not to be perfectionists in the upcoming coalition negotiations but rather to be open and to build trust that a government will be formed that acts sensibly even during unforeseeable crises,  he told newspaper Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung. ",1
17461,"Factbox: German coalition watch - Let's not be perfectionists in coalition talks, says Merkel ally","BERLIN (Reuters) - Chancellor Angela Merkel won a fourth term in office in the German national election on Sept. 24, but a fractured vote that brings the far-right into parliament means she must try to work out a three-way coalition untested at federal level. The new alliance would comprise Merkel s conservative bloc - her Christian Democratic Union (CDU) and the Bavarian Christian Social Union (CSU) - along with the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) and environmentalist Greens. Such a tie-up is called a  Jamaica  coalition, because the three parties  colors of black, yellow and green match those of the Jamaican flag. To secure a coalition agreement, the unlikely bedfellows must overcome differences on a range of issues including immigration policy, Europe, tax and the environment. The CDU and CSU have reached an agreement over immigration policy, but it is not clear whether it will pass muster in a full coalition. Following are remarks on the possible coalition from senior officials:  We achieved a joint result (with the Bavarian CSU allies) which I think is a very, very good basis to go into exploratory talks with the FDP and Greens.    On Friday, October 20th, we will have a first round of exploratory talks with all partners.   The parties come from very different starting positions. There will be discussions in a lot of policy areas with the FDP and the Greens.   We know that unusual combinations can of course bring the opportunity to find some solutions to things that had seemed unsolvable until now. So now we need to put our noses to the grindstone and see what we can do.    We d be well advised not to be perfectionists in the upcoming coalition negotiations but rather to be open and to build trust that a government will be formed that acts sensibly, even during unforeseeable crises.   Thoroughness is certainly more important than speed, but I m optimistic that everything will be sorted out by Christmas. All four parties are showing goodwill and the will of the voters is clear too:  Jamaica  should be formed.   We all need to just get started now.   Compromises always mean everyone needs to give a bit.   We don t have to govern. There is also the possibility of another grand coalition (between Merkel s conservatives and the Social Democrats).   It can succeed. The most important thing is that trust needs to be built between participants, and that takes time. That s why it would be illusory to believe we could conclude negotiations by Christmas.   No one would understand it if the new government does not pass an immigration law.   We need a mix of humanity and order. We Greens also want to secure the EU s external borders and build a sensible database of fingerprints.   This is an agreement between the CDU and CSU, and far from the result of exploratory talks for a coalition with the FDP and Greens.   Immigration is not the only issue where the parties have different ideas.   I am certain that, in the end, the solution that the CDU/CSU have found with each other will not be the basis for common work (with us) for the next four years.   No party can expect the others to accept its original wording without changes ... But I believe that a signal about limiting immigration on humanitarian grounds will ultimately make its way into the coalition agreement.   Europe s fiscal policy needs a shift away from austerity toward a common pact for tax collection and investments, which would trigger social and ecological innovations.   A red line for us in coalition talks is the mutualisation of debt in Europe, the creation of new pots of money.   What we Christian Democrats call  preservation of Creation  overlaps a lot with what the Greens call a sustainable approach to nature.  ",1
17462,Expelled refugee student kills seven in Kenyan school,"ISIOLO, Kenya (Reuters) - An expelled student shot dead six of his former schoolmates and a security guard at his school in northern Kenya on Saturday, and was then himself lynched by a furious mob, officials said. The attack took place at a school in the remote town of Lokichogio in Kenya s Turkana region, close to the border with war-torn South Sudan. At least six other students were flown to hospital with bullet wounds. The assailant was a 17-year-old from South Sudan - one of thousands of refugee children who have been living in Kenya and going to school there since civil war broke out in their country in 2013. He was detained in possession of an AK-47, the basic assault rifle of choice in conflicts across Africa and the Middle East.   The school was not attacked by bandits but an errant student on expulsion for disciplinary cases,  regional government official Wanyama Musyambohe told reporters. Security officials said the assailant, whose name has not been disclosed, had been arrested, but then killed by a mob while in police custody.  The attack ... is a painful reminder of the state of insecurity along the border,  tweeted Turkana county governor Josphat Nanok. Close to 2 million people have fled South Sudan since fighting broke out in December 2013, sparking what has become Africa s largest cross-border exodus since the 1994 Rwandan genocide. Some 75,000 of them are now in Kenya. Perennial conflicts have left the region awash with arms, which are smuggled across borders with relative ease. ",1
17463,"Iranians fear economic hardship, but united against Trump","ANKARA (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump s hardened stance towards Iran evoked a mixture of indifference and national pride among Iranians on Saturday but many were concerned about economic hardship should a multinational nuclear deal unravel. In a major shift in U.S. foreign policy, Trump said on Friday he might ultimately terminate the 2015 agreement that lifted sanctions in return for Tehran rolling back technologies with nuclear bomb-making potential. [nL2N1MO0DH]  Who the hell is Trump to threaten Iran and Iranians? Of course we don t want economic hardship, but it does not mean we will be their puppet and do whatever they say,  said housewife Minou Khosravani, 37, a mother of two in the central city of Yazd. Within minutes of Trump s speech, Iranian President Hassan Rouhani went live on state television, ruling out any renegotiation of the deal Iran signed with major powers. He also signaled Iran would withdraw from the agreement if it failed to preserve Tehran s interests.  Tired of economic adversity during years of tough sanctions over Iran s nuclear programme, many Iranians still fervently back the decision by Iran s clerical rulers to resist U.S. pressure.    I am not a regime supporter. But I side with Iran s rulers against Trump and his illogical pressure on Iran,  said hairdresser Ziba Ghanbari, 42, when contacted by Reuters in the northern city of Rasht. Iranians around the globe took to social media in anger.  Former official Mostafa Tjzadeh, who spent seven years as a prisoner of conscience in Iran, tweeted:  One nation, One message: No to #Trump. We are in this together.    Long on rhetoric, short on substance,  tweeted Niloofar Ghadiri, a journalist in Tehran.  Iranian authorities say 15 percent of the country s workforce is unemployed. Many formal jobs pay a pittance, meaning the true figure of people without adequate work to support themselves is probably far higher.  Lack of foreign investment, if more sanctions are imposed, will deepen the unemployment crisis. Currency exchange shops are refusing to sell U.S. dollars because of the uncertainty as the rial has lost value in the past days. Iranians fear new sanctions will also see the price of food, including rice, bread and dairy products, rise.   My worry is that the economy will go back to the sanctions era when we had difficulties to find essential food and even medicine. I want my son to have a good life,  said elementary school teacher Gholamali Part, 43, in Tehran. To improve Iran s economy, Rouhani has rolled out the red carpet for global investors since sanctions were suspended. But so far only a few major European investors have returned to Iran s market, including planemaker Airbus, French energy group Total and Germany s Siemens.  Others are deterred mainly by a separate raft of sanctions Washington continues to impose in retaliation for what it calls Tehran s support for terrorism and human rights abuses. Iran denies involvement in terrorism. The nuclear deal was also signed by China, France, Russia, Britain, Germany and the European Union. Despite assurances by other signatories over their continued commitment, European companies could think twice about involvement in Iran if the deal cannot survive. Hossein, like millions of Iranians who bore the brunt of the sanctions, has no high hopes.  We are going to be sanctioned again,  said Hossein, who declined to give his full name. Inflation has dropped to single digits since Rouhani was first elected in 2013, but he has failed to tackle high unemployment and the gap between rich and poor is widening. The hardline daily Kayhan, which campaigned against the deal during 18-months of the nuclear talks, wrote:  Trump keeps the nuclear pact: advantages for America, restrictions for us!  In a report headlined  Mr Blunder s isolation , the moderate Arman daily wrote:  A rare unanimity supports Iran in the World  is the closest definition of the mood after Trump s speech last night.  Some Iranians are indifferent.  I don t care. Will there be holidays if the deal fails? That is important because I can go on a holiday with my friends,  said Arjang Bakhtiari, 19, whose family owns factories in several cities.  Trump s decision in effect leaves the fate of the deal up to the U.S. Congress, which might try to modify it or bring back U.S. sanctions previously imposed on Iran. The failure of the deal could be politically tricky for Rouhani, its chief architect, who has been criticized by the country s utmost power, Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, for the country s slow pace of economic recovery. Khamenei cautiously backed the deal, but has repeatedly expressed pessimism about the United States remaining committed to it. The economic problems caused by the U.S. pressure could weaken Rouhani s stance in Iran s faction-ridden and complex establishment. ",1
17464,U.S.-led coalition says 100 IS fighters in Raqqa surrendered in last 24 hours:  spokesman,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Around 100 Islamic State fighters have surrendered in Syria s Raqqa in the last 24 hours and were  removed from the city , a spokesman for the U.S-led coalition against Islamic State told Reuters on Saturday.   We still expect difficult fighting in the days ahead and will not set a time for when we think (Islamic State) will be completely defeated in Raqqa,  Colonel Ryan Dillon said in an emailed statement.  ",1
17465,Islamic State loses al-Mayadeen in eastern Syria: military source,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Syrian government and allied forces have taken the eastern town of al-Mayadeen from Islamic State, a Syrian military source said on Saturday, further weakening the militants  diminishing presence in Syria.   Al-Mayadeen, near the Iraqi border in Deir al Zor province, had become a major base for Islamic State militants as they were being driven out of their de facto Syrian capital in Raqqa city by a U.S.-backed offensive.   Over the past few months many of the individuals which the U.S.-led coalition against Islamic State has targeted have come from al-Mayadeen, coalition spokesman Ryan Dillon told Reuters.     The Syrian government campaign to take al-Mayadeen has been supported by heavy Russian air strikes. The U.S.-led coalition has also previously struck in the vicinity of the town.  Al-Mayadeen lies south of the provincial capital Deir al-Zor city, where Syrian and allied forces are also trying to oust the militants from a small pocket they still control.   The Syrian military source said the jihadists in al-Mayadeen had suffered a  collapse  in their ranks.  ",1
17466,Convoy to leave Syria's Raqqa city on Saturday: U.S.-led coalition,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - A convoy is set to leave the Islamic State-held enclave of Syria s Raqqa city on Saturday under an arrangement brokered by local officials, the U.S-led coalition against Islamic State in Iraq and Syria said on Saturday.   The arrangement is designed to minimize civilian casualties and purportedly excludes foreign (Islamic State) terrorists,  the Combined Joint Task Force - Operation Inherent Resolve said in an emailed statement.  The statement said the coalition does not condone  any arrangement that allows (Islamic State) terrorists to escape Raqqa without facing justice . ",1
17467,Raqqa tribal chiefs say SDF agrees to let Syrian IS fighters leave city: statement,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Tribal chiefs are organizing a way for Syrian Islamic State fighters to leave the Syria city of Raqqa after the U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces agreed to a proposal that would secure their departure, the chiefs said in a statement sent to Reuters by a member of Raqqa s civil council. Saying their aim was to spare bloodshed, the tribal sheikhs said they had called on both the SDF and the U.S.-backed coalition fighting Islamic State to  settle the situation  of remaining Syrian fighters in the city, and to  secure their exit to areas outside the city with our guarantees .  ",1
17468,Trump strikes blow at Iran nuclear deal in major U.S. policy shift,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump struck a blow against the 2015 Iran nuclear agreement on Friday in defiance of other world powers, choosing not to certify that Tehran is complying with the deal and warning he might ultimately terminate it. Trump announced the major shift in U.S. policy in a speech in which he detailed a more aggressive approach to Iran over its nuclear and ballistic missile programs and its support for extremist groups in the Middle East. He accused Iran of  not living up to the spirit  of the nuclear agreement and said his goal is to ensure Tehran never obtains a nuclear weapon, in effect throwing the fate of the deal to Congress.  He singled out Iran s Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps for sanctions and delivered a blistering critique of Tehran, which he accused of destabilizing actions in Syria, Yemen and Iraq.  We will not continue down a path whose predictable conclusion is more violence, more terror and the very real threat of Iran s nuclear breakout,  Trump said. Trump s hardline remarks drew praise from Israel, Iran s arch-foe, but was criticized by European allies. The move by Trump was part of his  America First  approach to international agreements which has led him to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord and the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade talks and renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement with Canada and Mexico. His Iran strategy angered Tehran and put Washington at odds with other signatories of the accord - Britain, France, Germany, Russia, China and the European Union - some of which have benefited economically from renewed trade with Iran. Responding to Trump, Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said on Friday on television that Tehran was committed to the deal and accused Trump of making baseless accusations.  The Iranian nation has not and will never bow to any foreign pressure,  he said.  Iran and the deal are stronger than ever.  European allies have warned of a split with the United States over the nuclear agreement and say that putting it in limbo as Trump has done undermines U.S. credibility abroad, especially as international inspectors say Iran is in compliance with the accord.                 The chief of the U.N. atomic watchdog reiterated that Iran was under the world s  most robust nuclear verification regime.   The nuclear-related commitments undertaken by Iran under the JCPOA are being implemented,  Yukiya Amano, director general of the International Atomic Energy Agency said, referring to the deal by its formal name. U.S. Democrats expressed skepticism at Trump s decision. Senator Ben Cardin said:  At a moment when the United States and its allies face a nuclear crisis with North Korea, the president has manufactured a new crisis that will isolate us from our allies and partners.  While Trump did not pull the United States out of the agreement, he gave the U.S. Congress 60 days to decide whether to reimpose economic sanctions on Tehran that were lifted under the pact. If Congress reimposes the sanctions, the United States would in effect be in violation of the terms of the nuclear deal and it would likely fall apart. If lawmakers do nothing, the deal remains in place. Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Bob Corker was working on amending the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act law to include  trigger points  that if crossed by Iran would automatically reimpose U.S. sanctions. The trigger points would address strengthening nuclear inspections, Iran s ballistic missile program and eliminate the deal s  sunset clauses  under which some of the restrictions on Iran s nuclear program expire over time.  Trump directed U.S. intelligence agencies to probe whether Iran might be working with North Korea on its weapons programs. The president, who took office in January, had reluctantly certified the agreement twice before but has repeatedly blasted it as  the worst deal ever.  It was negotiated under his predecessor, former President Barack Obama. Trump warned that if  we are not able to reach a solution working with Congress and our allies, then the agreement will be terminated.   We ll see what happens over the next short period of time and I can do that instantaneously,  he told reporters when asked why he did not choose to scrap the deal now. The Trump administration designated the entire Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps under an executive order targeting terrorists. The administration stopped short of labeling the group a Foreign Terrorist Organization, a list maintained by the State Department. The Revolutionary Guard is the single most dominant player in Iran s security, political, and economic systems and wields enormous influence in Iran s domestic and foreign policies. It had already previously been sanctioned by the United States under other authorities, and the immediate impact of Friday s measure is likely to be symbolic. The U.S. military said on Friday it was identifying new areas where it could work with allies to put pressure on Iran in support of Trump s new strategy and was reviewing the positioning of U.S. forces. But U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said no changes in force posture had been made yet, and Iran had not responded to Trump s announcement with any provocative acts so far. ",1
17469,"Danger of war, Germany warns after Trump's move on Iran nuclear deal","BERLIN (Reuters) - If the United States terminates the Iran nuclear deal or reimposes sanctions on Tehran it could result in Iran developing nuclear weapons and raise the danger of war close to Europe, Germany s foreign minister said on Saturday. U.S. President Donald Trump refused on Friday to formally certify that Tehran was complying with the 2015 accord even though international inspectors say it is. He warned he might ultimately terminate the agreement. German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel told Deutschlandfunk radio that Trump had sent a  difficult and dangerous signal  when the U.S. administration was also dealing with the North Korea nuclear crisis.  My big concern is that what is happening in Iran or with Iran from the U.S. perspective will not remain an Iranian issue but many others in the world will consider whether they themselves should acquire nuclear weapons too given that such agreements are being destroyed,  Gabriel said.  And then our children and grandchildren will grow up in a very dangerous world,  he said. He said if the United States terminated the deal or if sanctions were reimposed on Tehran, it would give Iranian hardliners, who are against negotiations with the West, the upper hand.  Then they might revert to developing nuclear weapons,  Gabriel said, adding Israel would not tolerate that and  then we will be back where we were 10, 12 years ago with the danger of war relatively close to Europe . He urged the United States not to endanger the security of its allies and its own people for domestic policy reasons. Hailed by Trump s predecessor Barack Obama as key to stopping Iran from building a nuclear bomb, the deal was also signed by China, France, Russia, Britain, Germany and the European Union. European allies have warned of a split with Washington over the nuclear agreement and say that putting it in limbo undermines U.S. credibility abroad. Trump has given the U.S. Congress 60 days to decide whether to reinstate economic sanctions on Iran that were lifted in 2016. ",1
17470,Soccer star Weah and VP Boakai near Liberia presidential run-off,"MONROVIA (Reuters) - Liberian former soccer star George Weah and Vice President Joseph Boakai were comfortably ahead in partial presidential election results announced on Saturday, and look set to contest a run-off next month. Weah and Boakai lead the 20-candidate field to succeed Nobel Peace Prize winner Ellen Johnson Sirleaf in what would be Liberia s first democratic transfer of power in more than 70 years. Weah received 39.2 percent of roughly 1.2 million ballots cast in nearly three-quarters of polling stations, ahead of Boakai, who had 29.6 percent of the vote, the commission said. Charles Brumskine, a lawyer, was a distant third with 9.7 percent. The final certified results from Tuesday s poll must be announced by Oct. 25, although provisional results from the remaining precincts are expected in the coming days. The commission said that ballots would be re-cast in two polling places in Nimba County due to irregularities, although that measure only concerns a few thousand votes. Weah became the first non-European to win the European player of the year award in 1995, the same year he picked up the African and World player of the year awards.  He finished runner-up to Johnson Sirleaf in a 2005 election that helped draw a line under years of civil war that killed hundreds of thousands of civilians. He has been a senator for the opposition CDC party since 2014. Boakai, the former head of Liberia s petroleum refinery company and agriculture minister, has served as Liberia s vice president since 2006 and represents the ruling Unity Party.  Brumskine has said the vote was marred by fraud and that he would request a re-run. However, he has yet to produce evidence of cheating and international observers said they saw no major problems.  Johnson Sirleaf s 12 years in office have seen the consolidation of Liberia s post-war peace and the quadrupling in size of the national economy. However, many Liberians complain about poor public services and widespread corruption and say they are eager for a new president. Weah s strong first-round performance drew mixed reactions on the streets of Monrovia, the capital. One woman held a small radio close to her ear as the latest results were read out by the state broadcaster.  We will see a new president now come next year,  she said.  Our son Weah will be the next president.  Standing nearby, a man in his late 50s, Cyrus S. Mulbah, had a different view.  It will be a sad mistake if this country goes in the hands of Weah and his people,  he said  This is not a football field.   ",1
17471,Kenya police shoot dead two during opposition protest: commissioner,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenyan police shot dead two people and wounded a third when a crowd tried to storm a police station during an opposition protest against a looming presidential vote re-run, a senior official said.  Around 20 youths attempted to take over the station during an otherwise peaceful rally in the town of Bondo in the southwest county of Siaya, forcing officers to open fire, County Commissioner Josephine Onunga said by phone.  Police also used teargas to break up small demonstrations in Kenya s three main cities - Kisumu, the capital and the port of Mombasa - defying a government ban on rallies in city centers. Hospital authorities said 20 people were injured in Kisumu, an opposition stronghold.  Kenya s supreme court nullified the presidential election in August, citing procedural irregularities and voiding the victory of President Uhuru Kenyatta. The ruling opening the way to a repeat vote on Oct. 26.  But opposition leader Raila Odinga has refused to take part, saying the re-run should not happen until wide-ranging reforms are brought in to prevent another failed vote. The election board has said the polls will go ahead anyway, pitting Kenyatta against six other candidates, none of whom polled more than 1 percent in August.  Odinga told Reuters that he might consider returning to the Supreme Court for clarification on whether the Oct. 26 poll was legal.   As far as we are concerned, that (original Supreme court) ruling is still valid,  Odinga said during a visit to London.  What we are demanding is that the electoral commission should respect the Supreme Court and carry out elections in accordance with the ruling.  He supported protesters  right to demonstrate, he said, but has so far stopped short of calling people onto the streets himself.  In Nairobi, opposition legislators were repeatedly teargassed as they tried to drive into the city center.  We are asking Uhuru s government to ... let us protest in peace and truth and we are saying we want change and we do not want Uhuru and his people,  said protester Mellen Kirumbo.  In Kisumu, protesters reacted angrily when police turned water cannon on them to prevent them from entering the city center.   Our demonstrations have a (valid) basis and are peaceful,  said Odinga supporter Hezron Tirus Aloyo.  We condemn the directive ... on the limitation of our rights to demonstrate.   The Jaramogi Oginga Odinga hospital in Kisumu, named after Odinga s father, said it had admitted 20 patients injured in the demonstrations. Three had gunshot wounds, said superintendent Juliana Otieno.  Martin Kimani, the Director of the Kenyan government s National Counter Terrorism Centre, said the authorities were trying to maintain law and order.   A lot of those provocations or demonstrations taking place are an attempt to create the appearance of a crisis,  he said.  ",1
17472,Rescued Canadian-U.S. couple reunited with family; receiving medical attention,"TORONTO (Reuters) - A U.S.-Canadian couple freed in Pakistan this week, nearly five years after being abducted in Afghanistan, reunited with the husband s family on Saturday, the Associated Press reported. Joshua Boyle and Caitlan Coleman arrived with their three children late on Friday in Toronto, where the husband said one of his children was murdered and his wife had been raped. Citing an email from Boyle, the AP reported the family had  reached the first true  home  that the children have ever known   after they spent most of Friday asking if each subsequent airport was our new house hopefully.  Boyle, a Canadian, and Coleman, an American were kidnapped while backpacking in Afghanistan in 2012 by the Taliban-allied Haqqani network. Pakistani troops rescued the family this week in the northwest of the country, near the Afghan border. The United States has long accused Pakistan of failing to fight the Haqqani network. The couple had three children while in captivity. Boyle opened his Friday media statement by saying he was delayed due to a medical emergency involving one of his children. AP, citing Boyle s email, said his daughter had a cursory medical exam and hospital staff were  enthusiastically insistent that her chances seemed miraculously high based on a quick physical.   Boyle made a brief statement at Toronto s Pearson International Airport late on Friday, calling on the Taliban  to provide my family with the justice we are owed.   God willing, this litany of stupidity will be the epitaph of the Haqqani network,  he said. ",1
17473,Wild elephants trample to death four Rohingya refugees in Bangladesh,"COX S BAZAR, Bangladesh (Reuters) - Wild elephants trampled sleeping Rohingya refugees in Bangladesh in the early hours of Saturday, killing three children and a woman in the second such incident since the arrival of hundreds of thousands of refugees from Myanmar in just a few weeks. Many trees on the forested hills of Balukhali in southern Bangladesh, where the incident took place, have been chopped down to house the massive influx of Rohingya Muslims escaping violence in neighboring Myanmar. Tarpaulin and bamboo shelters have been built on elephant walkways in some areas, sparking environmental concerns, as the country struggles to accommodate an unprecedented number of people. Besides those killed, four refugees from neighboring tents were injured and were in critical condition at Sadar Hospital in Cox s Bazar, the town s additional superintendent of police Afrujul Hoque Totul told Reuters. At the refugee camp, cooking utensils the family had brought from Myanmar lay crushed under a jumble of bamboo sticks and clothes. Abdul Sukoor, 30, whose tent on the edge of the camp was also trampled, said he and his family managed to escape when they heard the screams of other refugees as the elephants approached. He is now moving to a tent further inside the camp, but said he was still worried.  We have to be constantly alert at night,  he said. More than 530,000 refugees from Myanmar have fled to Bangladesh over the last two months since attacks by Rohingya militants on security posts triggered a Myanmar army operation that the United Nations has described as ethnic cleansing. ",1
17474,"Syria demands pullout of Turkish troops from country, says it is a ""flagrant aggression""","AMMAN (Reuters) - Syria demanded on Saturday that Turkish troops who had entered northwestern Syria leave immediately, saying their presence constituted a  flagrant aggression . A Foreign Ministry statement carried on state media said the entry of Turkish military vehicles into rebel-held northwest Syria through the Bab al-Hawa crossing late on Thursday was a violation of international law.   Syria condemns in the strongest terms the incursion of units of the Turkish army in Idlib province, which constitutes a flagrant aggression against the sovereignty and security of Syrian territory,  the statement said. Turkey says it is operating alongside Syrian rebel groups to implement a deal reached last month with Russia and Iran in the Kazakh capital Astana to reduce fighting between insurgents. But Syria s statement said:  The Turkish aggression is not tied in any way with the understandings that were reached between the guarantor states in the Astana process, but constitutes a violation of these understandings.   ",1
17475,"Southern Yemen leader sees independence referendum, parliament body","ADEN (Reuters) - A rebel former governor of Aden who is leading a movement for southern Yemen s secession has said an independence referendum would be announced soon and a parliamentary body set up to administer the territory.  Aidaroos al-Zubaidi, who was sacked as Aden governor by  President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi, set out his secessionist plans to thousands of supporters gathered on Saturday in Yemen s main southern city to mark 54 years since the October 1963 uprising against the British.  Zubaidi, who has previously declared a council that seeks secession for southern Yemen, said in a television interview late on Friday that an independence referendum would be held soon. Speaking to supporters on Saturday, Zubaidi said a new 303-member parliamentary body, the National Association, would act like a small parliament to represent Yemenis from all areas of the south.  Zubaidi announced in May a new council formed by senior tribal, military and political figures. The council seeks the secession of southern Yemen and is looking to establish a political leadership under his presidency that would administer the south.  The move threatens more turmoil in the impoverished Arabian Peninsular country where the internationally-recognized government is forced to sit in Aden because Houthi rebels control the capital Sanaa.  The council was born out of a power struggle between the southerners and President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi that has undermined regional power Saudi Arabia s efforts to coordinate a military campaign against the Tehran-supported Houthis.  Hadi s government has rejected the formation of the council, saying it would deepen divisions and play into the hands of the Houthi rebels.  Many southerners feel that officials in the north have exploited their resources and cut them off from jobs and influence. ",1
17476,Thousands rally in Malaysia to oust premier Najib,"KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - Thousands of protesters gathered at an unsanctioned rally on Saturday to demand action against Prime Minister Najib Razak over the mismanagement of billions of dollars by a state fund. Malaysia s opposition are counting on the 1Malaysia Development Berhad (1MDB) scandal to turn as many voters as they can against Najib, who can call for national polls anytime between now and the middle of next year. The prime minister has so far been able to weather the scandal, consolidating power by clamping down on dissenters and curbing local media and activists even as he faces a fierce challenge from his former mentor, Mahathir Mohamad. But rising living costs and a broad-based consumption tax are leaving people like Hasmurni Tamby, a 42-year-old single mother of five, fed up with the way things are going under Najib.  Prices of everything have gone up but not our salaries. We can t save. So we don t want this leader anymore,  said Hasmurni, who traveled several hours north from her home state of Malacca to attend the evening rally. Saturday s rally was touted as the finale of a two month-long anti-kleptocracy roadshow, a platform set up by the opposition Pakatan Harapan (PH) coalition to convince the majority Malay-Muslim voters in rural battleground areas that the country has suffered from Najib s handling of 1MDB. Najib s popularity took a hit from persistent bad press linked to 1MDB, especially after the U.S. Department of Justice filed civil suits to recover over $1.7 billion alleged to have been misappropriated from the 1MDB fund. A rebounding economy and strengthening ringgit currency, however, are working in Najib s favor. The prime minister is expected to announce plenty of people-centric initiatives later this month when he tables his last budget before the polls. Just a few months prior, he announced billions in housing and cash aid for the Malay community. But Mahathir, who saw through Malaysia s industrialization as its longest-serving prime minister, warned that nothing good will come out of allowing his former protege to continue to rule.  Never before have we had a prime minister who is a thief. He steals so he can have a comfortable life,  Mahathir told the crowd when delivering the final speech of the night.  We need to bring down kleptocracy in our country... Najib s fate is in our hands. We can get rid of him, just by voting PH,  the former prime minister said. ",1
17477,Moroccan police break up Islamic State cell planning attacks: ministry,"RABAT (Reuters) - Moroccan authorities said on Saturday they had dismantled a cell linked to Islamic State that was active in eight towns and cities and was planning terrorist operations. Eleven people were arrested.   Security forces detained the alleged mastermind of the cell in a safe house in Fez, where they found guns and a large quantity of bullets, materials for making suicide belts, nails and electric wires, according to a statement from the interior ministry. Police also found chemical products that could be used for making explosives, and a  suspicious car , the statement said. It said one of the suspects was an explosives expert. Those arrested were  planning to carry out dangerous terrorist operations targeting sensitive sites, at the instigation of Daesh (Islamic State) coordinators , it said.  Moroccan authorities say they have dismantled dozens of jihadist cells since 2002, including about 50 with alleged links to Islamic State. ",1
17478,Ex president of Vatican hospital convicted of abuse of office,"VATICAN CITY (Reuters) - The former president of a Vatican-owned hospital in Rome on Saturday was convicted of abuse of office for diverting nearly half a million dollars of funds to renovate a top cardinal s luxury apartment. The Vatican court, a three-judge panel, gave Giuseppe Profiti a one-year suspended sentence. The prosecution had asked for three years for the former head of the prestigious Bambino Gesu hospital. It also reduced the seriousness of the charge against Profiti to abuse of office from the initial embezzlement. Massimo Spina, the hospital s treasurer, was acquitted. Testimony at the trial, which began in July in the city-state s courtroom, again exposed lack of transparency in the financial handling of Vatican assets in Italy, where it owns numerous institutions and much real estate. Profiti and Spina were charged with spending 422,000 euros ($481,000) in 2013 and 2014 on refurbishing the large Vatican retirement home of Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone, the Holy See s former number two. His retirement apartment, which has a huge terrace and breath-taking view of the dome of St. Peter s Basilica, has become a symbol of the difficulty of the frugal-minded pope s efforts to rein in the luxury some Church leaders still enjoy. Bertone, 82, was the Vatican secretary of state, effectively the deputy pope, for most of the pontificate of former Pope Benedict and was one of the most powerful men in the Roman Catholic Church. He was removed from office in 2013, eight months after the election of Francis. The renovation started a few weeks later on the spacious property, which is next door to the Vatican guest house where the pope lives in a modest suite. Bertone hired the construction firm of a friend to do the reconstruction work, bypassing the customary bidding process, and made a down payment with his own money. The company eventually went bankrupt but the foundation that runs the hospital sent 422,000 euros to a London-based company affiliated with the construction firm. Neither Bertone nor the owner of the construction company were called to testify at the trial. When the Vatican confirmed last year that Profiti and Spina were under investigation, a lawyer for Bertone said the cardinal had never asked for or authorized payment for the restoration work from hospital funds. Profiti said the hospital used some of its funds to renovate Bertone s apartment because the cardinal had agreed that it could be used for fundraising. After the scandal was first revealed in a book, Bertone gave 150,000 euros of his own money to the Bambino Gesu to make amends for damage done to the hospital s image.   ",1
17479,Israeli minister says was misunderstood on war remarks with Iran,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - An Israeli minister was not suggesting U.S. President Donald Trump s words could lead to war with Iran when he reacted to the U.S. leader s speech concerning the nuclear deal with the Islamic Republic, the minister s spokesman said on Saturday. In an interview on Friday on Israel s Channel 2 news after Trump s speech, in answer to a long question that ended with whether he saw a risk of war, Intelligence Minister Israel Katz said:  Absolutely, yes. I think that the speech was very significant,  before expanding on the issue.   Katz s spokesman said on Saturday that the minister s reply was directed at an earlier part of the question and that he had not intended to say that an armed conflict would erupt.  Katz was not reacting  to the question which the anchor added later whether the president s speech could lead to war with Iran,  the spokesman said, rather that the  speech and new strategy could bring about a real change.  The spokesman added that Katz thought the speech  signaled the (U.S.) administration s resolve to actively counter the threats which Iran poses, including its nuclear and ballistic missile threat, its support of terror organizations, its subversive activities in the region and its human rights violations.  ",1
17480,German minister upsets fellow conservatives over Muslim holidays,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere has upset fellow members of Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservative bloc by proposing that Germany introduce Muslim public holidays. Germany is home to around 4.5 million Muslims, many of whom have a Turkish background. Many of the more than a million migrants who have arrived in the country from the Middle East and elsewhere over the last two years are also Muslims. Speaking on the campaign trail ahead of an election in the northern state of Lower Saxony due on Sunday, de Maiziere - a member of Merkel s Christian Democrats (CDU) - said he was open to certain regions of Germany having Muslim public holidays. He pointed out that All Saints  Day was only a public holiday in Germany s Catholic regions and added:  In places where there are many Muslims, why can t we think about introducing a Muslim public holiday?  In a speech posted in an audio clip on local news website regionalwolfsburg.de he also said Germany s public holidays were generally Christian, and should remain that way. His proposal prompted a backlash from fellow conservatives, who are due to start tricky three-way coalition talks with the liberal Free Democrats (FDP) and the Greens next week. The conservatives won a September election but suffered their worst result since 1949 as they lost support to the far-right. Senior CDU member Wolfgang Bosbach told the newspaper Bild that everyone in Germany could celebrate whatever religious festivals they wanted but added:  Whether the state should also protect non-Christian holidays with legal regulation in future is a different issue entirely.  Alexander Dobrindt, a senior figure in the Christian Social Union (CSU) - the Bavarian sister party of Merkel s CDU - told the same newspaper that Germany s Christian heritage was non-negotiable, adding:  We won t consider introducing Muslim public holidays in Germany.  A spokeswoman for the Interior Ministry said de Maiziere remained of the view that Germany s public holidays were of a Christian nature  and don t have any other roots . The constitution sets out that Germany s individual states decide on religious public holidays so the federal interior minister has no influence on whether there should be Muslim public holidays, the spokeswoman added. She said the northern city states of Hamburg and Bremen had signed agreements with some Muslim organizations so that Muslim pupils could have such time off school and workers could take holidays for festivals important to Islam, adding that some other states did the same. ",1
17481,"Russian Senate head to discuss nuclear program with North, South Korea","MOSCOW (Reuters) - A senior official in the Russian parliament will discuss North Korea s missile and nuclear program in separate talks with parliamentarians from Seoul and Pyongyang on Monday, TASS news agency said. Valentina Matviyenko, speaker of the Senate upper house, will discuss the issue with a deputy head of North Korea s legislature and the head of South Korea s parliament on the sidelines of a congress of parliamentarians in St Petersburg, TASS quoted a senior Russian lawmaker as saying.  Both meetings will take place on Oct. 16,  TASS cited Konstantin Kosachev, head of the Senate s international relations committee, as saying. Quoting an unnamed source, RIA news agency said earlier on Saturday the meetings would take place on Oct. 15.  I believe that during the meetings the Russian side will call (on North and South Korea) to hold direct contacts. This would be quite natural, but of course we cannot, and should not, force anyone to do so,  Kosachev told TASS. North Korea s nuclear tests and missile launches have stirred global tensions and prompted several rounds of international sanctions at the U.N. Security Council. A de-escalation plan, which is backed by Russia and China,  would see North Korea suspend its ballistic missile program and the United States and South Korea simultaneously call a moratorium on large-scale missile exercises, both moves aimed at paving the way for multilateral talks. ",1
17482,Yemen's ex-president Saleh stable after Russian medics operate,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Yemen s ex-president Ali Abdullah Saleh has had a successful operation at a Sanaa hospital after a Russian medical team was flown in to perform it, government sources said on Saturday.  The Russian team arrived in Sanaa two days ago and operated on Saleh on Friday for wounds he sustained in an assassination attempt in 2011.  Saleh s General People s Congress Party said the procedure was successful, and that his condition was stable.  Saleh was severely wounded in an attack on the presidential palace in Sanaa in June 2011. He went to the United States for treatment on one occasion, before a travel ban was imposed. The United Nations Security Council imposed sanctions on Saleh in 2014, accusing him of threatening peace and obstructing Yemen s political process, subjecting him to a global travel ban and an asset freeze.  Government sources told Reuters the Russian team had arrived with approval from the Saudi-led Arab alliance but did not reveal the precise nature of the surgery.  Saleh ruled Yemen for 34 years, but was forced from power after pro-democracy protests in 2012.  Forming a surprise alliance with the Houthi movement when they seized Sanaa in 2014, Saleh s army loyalists and Houthi fighters have weathered thousands of air strikes by the Saudi-led military coalition in more than two years of war. ",1
17483,Talks seek to secure Islamic State withdrawal from Raqqa-local official,"AIN ISSA, Syria (Reuters) - Remaining Islamic State fighters in Raqqa, including foreign jihadists, would leave the city taking civilians with them as human shields under a deal which tribal elders from the area are seeking to broker, a local official told Reuters on Saturday.  If it happens, it looks like it will be today - foreign and local (fighters),  Omar Alloush, a member of the Raqqa Civil Council, said, adding that the elders had already persuaded 100 Islamic State fighters to surrender - something the remaining fighters had ruled out.   ",1
17484,Spain to take control of Catalonia if gets ambiguous reply on independence,"MADRID (Reuters) - The Spanish government will take control of Catalonia if  regional leader Carles Puigdemont replies ambiguously to Madrid s question about whether he has declared independence from Spain, the interior minister said on Saturday. Puigdemont made a symbolic declaration of independence on Tuesday night, only to suspend it seconds later and call for negotiations with Madrid on the region s future. Spain s Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy has given him until Monday to clarify his position - and then until Thursday to change his mind if he insists on a split - threatening to suspend Catalonia s autonomy if he chooses independence.  The answer must be without any ambiguity. He must say  yes  or  no ,  Spanish Interior Minister Juan Ignacio Zoido told Cope radio.  If he answers ambiguously, it means he doesn t want dialogue and thus the Spanish government will have to take action,  he also said. Puigdemont, who is holding consultations with local parties to prepare his answer, faces a tough dilemma. If he says he did proclaim independence, the central government will step in. If he says he did not declare it, then the far-left Catalan party CUP would probably withdraw its support for his minority government. CUP on Friday called on Puigdemont to make an unequivocal declaration of independence in defiance of the Madrid government s deadlines. Such a hardline position has also been backed by influential pro-independence civic group Asamblea Nacional Catalana (Catalan National Assembly). They were joined on Saturday by another key member of Puigdemont s coalition, Esquerra Republicana de Catalunya, whose leader Oriol Junqueras said they should press ahead with splitting from Spain following an independence vote. The Catalan government said 90 percent of Catalans had voted for a breakaway in an Oct. 1 referendum that central authorities in Madrid had declared illegal and most opponents of independence boycotted, reducing turnout to around 43 percent.   We have an unequivocal and absolute commitment to fulfill the democratic mandate from Oct. 1,  Junqueras said. Under Article 155 of the Spanish constitution, the central government in Madrid can suspend the political autonomy of a region if it breaks the law.  This article, which enables Rajoy to sack the Catalan government and call a regional election, has never been activated since the constitution was adopted in 1978 after the death of dictator Francisco Franco. ",1
17485,Four Moldovans killed in Ivory Coast plane crash: security minister,"ABIDJAN (Reuters) - Four Moldovan nationals were killed and two others were injured when a propeller-engine cargo plane crashed into the sea near the international airport in Ivory Coast s main city Abidjan on Saturday, the Ivorian security minister said. Four French citizens also survived the crash but were injured, Sidiki Diakite told reporters at the scene of the accident. Several Ivorian security sources said they were French soldiers.  ",1
17486,Turkey orders detention of 100 former police officers in post-coup probe: Anadolu,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkish authorities issued detention warrants on Saturday for 100 former police officers and have so far detained 63 of them, the state-run Anadolu news agency said, as part of a widening crackdown since last year s failed coup attempt. The suspects were believed to be users of ByLock, an encrypted messaging app which the government says was used by the network of U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen, accused by Ankara of orchestrating last July s abortive putsch. Gulen, who has lived in self-imposed exile in Pennsylvania since 1999, denies involvement. Anadolu said security forces were seeking the suspects in 19 provinces across the country. Since the abortive coup, more than 50,000 people have been jailed pending trial over alleged links to Gulen, while 150,000 people have been sacked or suspended from jobs in the military, public and private sectors. Rights groups and some of Turkey s Western allies have voiced concern about the crackdown, fearing the government is using the coup as a pretext to quash dissent. The government says only such a purge could neutralize the threat represented by Gulen s network, which it says deeply infiltrated institutions such as the army, schools and courts. ",1
17487,"Pakistan's hostage rescue hailed, but tensions with U.S. remain"," (This version of the story corrects spelling of Caitlan Coleman s name) By Drazen Jorgic and Asif Shahzad ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - The freeing of a hostage U.S.-Canadian family by Pakistan s army has been hailed by officials as a positive step in mending ties between Washington and Islamabad, but those hoping for a fresh start in their fraught relationship seem likely to be disappointed. Pakistan and the United States have for years been - at  best - uneasy allies in the war against the Taliban and other Islamist extremists. U.S. President Donald Trump said the raid that rescued American Caitlan Coleman, her Canadian husband Joshua Boyle  and their three young children showed that Pakistan had started to  respect the United States again  in response to his administration s tough-talking tactics. But the two countries still have conflicting interests - and the Trump administration s vow to apply more diplomatic pressure on Pakistan is unlikely to work, given Islamabad s growing alliance with regional heavyweight China, say analysts.  This is a small occurrence between Pakistan and the U.S., and it should not be confused with the big issues that separate Pakistan and the U.S.,  said Pakistani security analyst Imtiaz Gul. On Friday, five years after they were kidnapped in Afghanistan, Coleman and Boyle flew home with the three children born while they were captives of the Haqqani network, a feared Taliban sub-group that Washington particularly accuses Pakistan of failing to do enough to fight. Some saw the timing as a goodwill gesture ahead of upcoming visits by U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Defense Secretary Jim Mattis.  I don t think it s a coincidence that this hostage release was announced when you have a parade of top Trump administration officials in Islamabad to deliver strongly worded warnings to Pakistan,  said Michael Kugelman, a South Asia specialist at the Woodrow Wilson Center.  He added that no one should take the good news as a definite sign that Pakistan would drastically change its behavior towards militants such at the Haqqanis.  Going after hostages is not the same thing as going after the terrorists holding them,  he said. The United States has repeatedly accused Pakistan of not doing enough to eliminate militant havens on its territory. For now, officials on both sides are talking up the cooperation on display in Wednesday s rescue operation, when Pakistani troops acting on a U.S. intelligence tip-off swooped on a vehicle carrying the hostages. But tensions remain. Pakistan is still angry at the unilateral U.S. operations on its soil to kill al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden in 2011 and last year s drone strike that killed Taliban supreme leader Akhtar Mansour. United States officials, for their part, suspect both bin Laden and Mansour were able to live in Pakistan with the tacit support of at least some elements of the powerful military. Washington also argues that the Taliban - which has been fighting to re-establish its hardline Islamist regime in Kabul since a 2001 U.S.-backed military intervention - would not have been able to gain so much ground against Afghan government forces in recent years without safe havens in Pakistan. Trump s administration in August warned aid to Pakistan might be cut and Washington might downgrade its status as a major non-NATO ally, in order to pressure it to do more to help bring about an end to America s longest-running war. Pakistani officials bristle at U.S. claims Islamabad is not doing enough to tackle Islamist militants, particularly the Haqqanis, saying they have cooperated for years and launched military operations to push out militants from its soil. Pakistan also says few appreciate that 17,000 Pakistanis have died fighting militants or in bombings and other attacks since 2001. Pakistan is less vulnerable to threats of U.S. aid cuts because Islamabad has been deepening its relationship in recent years with China, which is financing some $57 billion in infrastructure projects, said Gul. Critics say the Pakistani military nurtures the Taliban and other Islamist factions because they are seen as potentially useful to Pakistan s core confrontation with old rival India. The Trump administration s recent talk of a  regional strategy  for Afghanistan that would include a bigger role for India has deeply upset Pakistan s establishment, said Mosharraf Zaidi, an Islamabad-based commentator and former Pakistan Foreign Ministry adviser.  It seems like for the U.S., and President Trump has said so, that India is going to be a big part of the future of Afghanistan, and for Pakistan that s not on the table,  Zaidi said. As a nuclear power, Pakistan could also be offended further at Trump s implication that it has bowed to his administration s pressure.  Given that people understand that respect for America is a big deal for Trump and a big deal for the American people, it shouldn t be so hard to understand why Pakistan ... also wants to be respected,  said Zaidi. ",1
17488,Pakistan official details car chase that freed kidnapped U.S.-Canadian family," (This version of the story corrects spelling of Caitlan Coleman throughout) By Asif Shahzad ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Pakistani troops shot out the tyres of a vehicle carrying a kidnapped U.S.-Canadian couple and their children in a raid that led to the family s release after five years of being held hostage, a Pakistani security official said on Friday. U.S. drones were hovering near the northwestern Pakistani area where American Caitlan Coleman, her Canadian husband Joshua Boyle and their three children, all born in captivity, were freed, another security official said. Coleman and Boyle were held by the Taliban-linked Haqqani network after being kidnapped while backpacking in Afghanistan, and their rescue marked a rare positive note in often-fraught U.S.-Pakistan relations. The family flew out of Pakistan on Friday, according to a Pakistani airport official who saw them. It was not clear whether they were bound for Canada or the United States. A senior Pakistani security source on Friday detailed how the family were freed following a car chase in the northwestern tribal region bordering Afghanistan. He said Pakistani troops and intelligence agents, acting on a U.S. intelligence tip, zeroed in on a vehicle holding the family as they were being moved into Kurram tribal agency near the town of Kohat, some 60 km (37 miles) inside Pakistan. Agents from Pakistan s Inter Services Intelligence (ISI) spy agency and soldiers attempted to intercept the vehicle, but it sped away, according to the security source.  Our troops fired at the vehicle and burst its tyres,  he said, declining to be identified because he is not authorised to speak openly to the media. The kidnappers managed to escape, the security official added, saying the troops wouldn t fire at the fleeing captors for fear of harming the hostages. The army recovered the hostages safely from the car. Army spokesman Major General Asif Ghafoor told NBC News that the vehicle s driver and another militant had escaped to a nearby refugee camp. The family s rescue has been hailed by U.S. President Donald Trump as a  positive moment  for U.S.-Pakistan relations, which have frayed in recent years amid Washington s assertions that Islamabad has not been doing enough to tackle Haqqani militants who are believed to be on Pakistani soil. Trump, in a statement, said the release of the hostages showed Pakistan was acquiescing to  America s wishes for it to do more to provide security in the region . A second Pakistani security official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said U.S. drones on Wednesday had been seen circling Kohat, suggesting U.S. co-operation included sophisticated surveillance inside Pakistan. Kohat is deep inside Pakistani territory, next to the eastern edge of Kurram agency in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province  - outside the Afghan frontier zone where U.S. drones have in the past been tolerated by Pakistan. The U.S. embassy and the Pakistani military did not comment on the drone report. However, a Taliban commander in Pakistan with knowledge of the hostage family said U.S. drones flying in the area prompted their captors to move them.  We took care of this family like our own family members and special guests, but after frequent flying of U.S. drones on Kurram tribal region and its adjoining areas, it was decided to move them to a safer place,  said the Taliban official on condition of anonymity.  They were being shifted to a safer place when captured by the Pakistani forces.   Pakistani officials bristle at U.S. claims Islamabad is not doing enough to tackle Islamist militants, particularly the Haqqanis. After the release of the family, they emphasised the importance of co-operation and intelligence sharing by Washington, which has threatened to cut military aid and other punitive measures against Pakistan. Pakistan s military indicated the family were rescued shortly after entering Pakistan from Afghanistan, and a government official repeated that assertion on Friday.  We have been taking on the terrorists... So we have taken action based on the intelligence that was provided by the U.S. side,  said Foreign Ministry spokesman Nafees Zakaria. He added that he had no other details on the operation  maybe because they were abducted in Afghanistan, they were there in Afghanistan, and that could be the reason why you have not heard much about it . However, two Taliban sources with knowledge of the family s captivity said they had been kept in Pakistan in recent years. A U.S. government source in Washington also said there was no indication the family had been in Afghanistan. The Haqqani network operates on both sides of the porous Afghan-Pakistani border but senior militants have acknowledged they moved a major base of operations to Kurram agency in the tribal areas. The United States and Afghanistan say that safe havens inside Pakistan allow the Taliban, including the Haqqani network, to plan and launch attacks against the Western-backed Afghan government and U.S. and other foreign troops that support them. The Taliban have been fighting for 16 years to re-establish their ultra-Islamist regime that was toppled in a U.S.-backed military operation over sheltering the al Qaeda terrorist network that planned the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks on U.S. cities. ",1
17489,"Macron, cast as out of touch, says ""not aloof""","BERLIN (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron, accused by critics of being out of touch with ordinary people, denied in an interview with a German magazine he was aloof, saying that he was merely trying to stamp out cronyism between politicians and the media. The 39-year-old former banker was caught on video earlier this month saying during a visit to a struggling company that workers protesting his economic policies would do better to get a job in a nearby aluminum factory battling to find employees. That prompted the far-left and far-right, who have sought to cast Macron as out of touch with the common man and a president for the rich, to say he had shown  contempt . But Macron told Germany s Der Spiegel:  I am not aloof. When I travel through the country, when I visit a factory, my staff tell me after three hours that I am ruining the schedule.  He added:  When I am with French people, I am not aloof because I belong to them.  Macron said being surrounded by journalists was not akin with being close to the people, adding:  A president should keep the media at arm s length.  He has said he planned a  Jupiterian  presidency - dignified and weighing his pronouncements carefully - a departure from his often-mocked predecessor Francois Hollande s man-of-the-people style. Macron said on Friday in a surprise move that he would give his first long live TV interview on Sunday evening. ",1
17490,Cyprus president to seek second five-year term in Jan '18 vote,"NICOSIA (Reuters) - Cypriot President Nicos Anastasiades said on Saturday he planned to seek a second five-year term in elections scheduled for January 2018, pledging to pick up the pace of reunification talks which collapsed in acrimony in mid-2017. Anastasiades, 71, a conservative, was widely credited with leading a renewed bid to reunite Cyprus, split in a Turkish invasion in 1974 after a brief Greek-inspired coup.  Failure to reach a solution is not in the interests of either Greek or Turkish Cypriots, and naturally, not of Turkey either. I want to believe Turkey will see the benefits of a solution,  Anastasiades, who represents Greek Cypriots in peace negotiations, told supporters in Nicosia.  Peace talks collapsed in July after the sides failed to agree on the status of Turkish forces on the island, as well as intervention rights of Turkey in Cyprus stemming from a 1960 independence treaty.  Anastasiades has faced criticism at home for either granting too many concessions in talks, or of tactical errors which hampered prospects of a deal. The simmering conflict remains a source of tension between NATO allies Greece and Turkey and one of the obstacles Ankara has to face in its long-frustrated bid to join the European Union. A  historic opportunity  to end the decades-old conflict was missed, United Nations Secretary-General Antonio Guterres wrote in a report to the Security Council on Sept. 28. To date, there is no sign of the peace negotiations resuming.    Anastasiades is expected to run against at least three other contenders, including Nicolas Papadopoulos, son of late president Tassos Papadopoulos who rejected a United Nations reunification blueprint for Cyprus in 2004. Elections will be held on Jan. 28, with a runoff a week later if a single candidate does not muster a majority in the first round. The early days of Anastasiades s presidency in 2013 were marked by a financial meltdown triggered by the exposure of the island s banks to indebted Greece and fiscal slippage.  The island required a 10 billion euro ($11.8 billion) international bailout. contingent upon winding down one commercial bank and seizing deposits in a second. Cyprus made a successful exit from the programme in 2016. ($1 = 0.8459 euros) ",1
17491,South Africa's ANC needs to put an end to scandals: official,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South Africa s ruling African National Congress (ANC) needs to put an end to scandals that are tarnishing its image, an ANC official said, after a court ruling that paved the way for President Jacob Zuma to face nearly 800 counts of corruption. Zweli Mkhize, one of the ANC s  top six  leaders, also called for an end to factionalism within the party at a public lecture late on Friday, saying it was playing into the hands of the opposition.  Mkhize is in the running to replace Zuma as ANC leader at the party s elective conference in December, and his campaign has been gathering momentum in recent weeks. The battle between the two frontrunners for ANC leader - Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa and Nkosazana Dlamini Zuma, an ex-wife of Zuma and former chairwoman of the African Union - has bitterly divided the party that has governed South Africa since the end of white minority rule in 1994. Affable and a long-serving cadre, Mkhize is touted as a compromise candidate who could soothe tensions between the party s primary factions. He is also well-liked by investors unnerved by the party s swing toward populist policies.  We see fractions and divisions in the regions, at the national level. And you ve got court cases all over,  Mkhize told ANC supporters packed into a hall in the Kagiso township to the west of Johannesburg.   We need to say to each other enough is enough. ... The image of the African National Congress rests on the behaviour of its own leaders,  Mkhize said. Earlier on Friday, South Africa s Supreme Court of Appeal upheld a High Court ruling reinstating 783 corruption charges against Zuma from before he became president. Zuma, who has denied numerous other corruption allegations since taking office, has asked prosecutors to  consider representations  before deciding whether to proceed against him. Mkhize avoided mentioning Zuma by name in his speech in Kagiso. He hails from Zuma s home province of Kwa-Zulu Natal and was formerly a staunch Zuma supporter. Asked whether Zuma should step down as president after a new ANC leader is elected in December, Mkhize said that would be up to the party to decide.  Zuma s term as president ends in 2019, when South Africa next holds a general election, but his predecessor Thabo Mbeki was ousted before the end of his term in 2008 after losing out in a power struggle with Zuma.  We believe the ANC is strong enough to survive all of this, and we want to be able to show that the ANC is serious about acting on corruption,  Mkhize said.  ",1
17492,Iran was behind cyber attack on British lawmakers in June: The Times,"LONDON (Reuters) - Iran carried out a cyber attack on British lawmakers earlier this year, The Times newspaper reported on Saturday, citing an intelligence assessment of the incident. The report came the day after Britain joined other European countries in warning the United States against harming a nuclear deal with Iran. Britain s parliament was hit by a  sustained and determined  cyber attack in June, designed to identify weak email passwords, just over a month after a ransomware worm crippled parts of the country s health service. The Times said that the attack was Iran s first significant cyber attack on a British target after the hack was initially blamed on Russia.     Britain s National Cyber Security Centre was not immediately available for comment. The Iranian government had no immediate comment. While the motive for the attack has not yet been established, the hackers were not seeking simple financial profit, The Times said. ",1
17493,Turkey arrests four people over explosion at Tupras refinery: Anadolu,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkish authorities arrested four people over Wednesday s explosion in a storage tank at a Tupras refinery which killed four people, the state-run Anadolu news agency said on Saturday. The explosion occurred following maintenance work at the refinery in the western Turkish province of Izmir, wounding two other workers, but had no impact on production. On Thursday, authorities had detained seven people over the blast, of which four have been formally arrested and three have been released on probation. The report gave no details of what charges the four may face. ",1
17494,Etihad flight from Abu Dhabi makes emergency landing in Australia,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - An Etihad Airways flight traveling from Abu Dhabi to Sydney made an emergency landing at Australia s Adelaide Airport early on Saturday after a warning indicator activated in the cockpit. Crew on board Etihad flight EY450 landed the plane at 5 a.m. (1830 GMT) at Adelaide Airport, in the state of South Australia. The Boeing 777 passenger jet had 349 passengers on board who disembarked via emergency exits, according to online news service Adelaide Advertiser. A technical fault with a cargo hold air recirculation fan had been found, Etihad Airways told Reuters in an email.  Etihad Airways apologizes for the inconvenience. The safety of our guests and crew is of paramount importance,  it said. Australia s ABC News had reported that a smoke alarm had activated.     Passengers would make their onward journeys via other airlines due to crew rest requirements, the airline said. Saturday s Etihad flight EY451, from Sydney to Abu Dhabi, had been canceled and passengers would be rescheduled on later Etihad services out of Sydney, the airline said. It was the second incident this year for the Etihad flight that connects Australia s biggest city with the hub of Abu Dhabi, where passengers transit for worldwide destinations. In July, four men were arrested in Sydney over an Islamist plot to attack the flight. One of the men sent his unsuspecting brother to catch the July 15 Sydney to Abu Dhabi flight carrying a bomb hidden in a meat-mincer. ",1
17495,"Myanmar army opens probe amid reports of killings, abuse of Rohingya Muslims","YANGON (Reuters) - Myanmar s military has launched an internal probe into the conduct of soldiers during a counteroffensive that has sent more than half a million Rohingya Muslims fleeing to Bangladesh, many saying they witnessed killings, rape and arson by troops. Coordinated Rohingya insurgent attacks on 30 security posts on Aug. 25 sparked a ferocious military response in the Muslim-majority northern part of Rakhine state that the United Nations has said was ethnic cleansing. A committee led by military Lieutenant-General Aye Win has begun an investigation into the behavior of military personnel, the office of the commander in chief said on Friday, insisting the operation was justified under Buddhist-majority Myanmar s constitution. According to a statement posted on Senior General Min Aung Hlaing s Facebook page, the panel will ask,  Did they follow the military code of conduct? Did they exactly follow the command during the operation? After that (the committee) will release full information.  Myanmar is refusing entry to a U.N. panel that was tasked with investigating allegations of abuses after a smaller military counteroffensive launched in October 2016.  But domestic investigations, including a previous internal military probe, have largely dismissed refugees  claims of abuses committed during security forces   clearance operations . Thousands of refugees have continued to arrived cross the Naf river separating Myanmar s Rakhine state and Bangladesh in recent days, even though Myanmar insists military operations ceased on Sept. 5. Aid agencies estimate that 536,000 people have arrived in the Cox s Bazar district, straining scarce resources of aid groups and local communities. About 200,000 Rohingya were already in Bangladesh after fleeing persecution in Myanmar, where they have long been denied citizenship and faced restrictions on their movements and access to basic services.  Myanmar s de facto leader, Aung San Suu Kyi, has pledged accountability for human rights abuses and says Myanmar will accept back refugees who can prove they were residents of Myanmar. The powerful army chief has taken a harder stance, however, telling the U.S. ambassador in Myanmar this week that the exodus of Rohingya, who he said were non-native  Bengalis,  was exaggerated. In comments to Japan s ambassador carried in state media on Friday, Min Aung Hlaing denied ethnic cleansing was taking place on the grounds that photos showed Muslims  departing calmly rather than fleeing in terror . Former U.N. chief Kofi Annan, who led a commission set up by Suu Kyi to find solutions for the ethnically and religiously divided Rakhine, briefed the U.N. Security Council and other key states in an informal closed-door meeting on Friday. Some council members are exploring if the 15-member body could agree a formal statement or even a resolution to call for an end to the violence, for full aid access, the safe return of refugees, access for a U.N. fact-finding mission to ensure accountability and implementation of Annan s recommendations. Annan said he hoped any possible Security Council resolution  urges the government to really press ahead and create conditions that will allow the refugees to return in dignity and with a sense of security, they should not be returned to camps.  ",1
17496,"Magnitude 5.4 quake rumbles southern Mexico, no reports of damage","MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - A 5.4 magnitude quake struck southern Mexico on Friday, according to the U.S. Geological Survey, but there were no immediate reports of damage.  It was not immediately clear if the tremor was an aftershock from a powerful series of quakes last month that destroyed buildings in Mexico City and killed nearly 500 people. The epicenter of Friday s tremor was just off the coast of Oaxaca state, in Mexico s southwest, and it struck at a depth of 59.5 kilometers (37 miles), according to the USGS. An 8.1 magnitude earthquake struck Oaxaca on Sept. 7 near the town of Juchitan, flattening thousands of buildings in the humid market town.  Fausto Lugo, Mexico City s emergency services chief, said on local television that Friday s earthquake was felt lightly in the capital, but there were no reports of damages.  ",1
17497,Japan vows no more deaths from overwork while building Olympic arena,"TOKYO (Reuters) - A Japanese sports official promised on Friday to work with the builder of a showpiece stadium for the 2020 Olympics to stamp out  death by overwork , a designation authorities applied last week to the suicide of a stadium worker. The parents of the 23-year-old petitioned the government this year to recognize his suicide as  karoshi  - or  death by overwork , with media saying he had worked 200 hours of overtime a month before his death.  To our regret, illegal overtime was recognized as a result of inspection by the labor ministry,  said Tadashi Mochizuki, director of stadium manager the Japan Sport Council (JSC), which is part of a joint venture with construction firm Taisei Corp.  We, JSC and Taisei, took it sincerely and we ll do the utmost (to comply with the law) in proceeding with construction.  Authorities unveiled a model of the new stadium in the Japanese capital, which is set to be completed in November 2019, after construction begun in December 2016. Japan s fast-ageing society has left employers grappling with an acute labor shortage. It officially recognizes two types of  karoshi : cardiovascular illness linked to overwork, and suicide following mental stress related to work. Employers face few curbs on overtime and pay, so that more than a fifth of company staff exceeded a government overtime threshold of 80 hours a month, a white paper showed in 2016. The trend was spotlighted by a high-profile death from overwork in 2015 at advertising giant Dentsu Inc. Last week, public broadcaster NHK said a 31-year-old reporter died four years ago of overwork. To tackle the problem, the government plans sweeping reforms of job practices, including overtime caps and better pay for part-time and contract workers.  ",1
17498,Advocates for Americans held in Iran worried by Trump's hard line,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Advocates for Americans imprisoned by Iranian authorities said on Friday they were concerned the Trump administration s hard line on Iran would close off the chance for talks to secure the prisoners  release. In a major shift in U.S. policy, President Donald Trump announced he would not certify that Iran is complying with a 2015 nuclear deal and warned that he might ultimately terminate the agreement. The administration also designated Iran s Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, the dominant player in the country s security, economy and politics, as a terrorist group, a move one expert said would make the group less willing to negotiate over the prisoners. Jason Rezaian, a Washington Post reporter who was detained by Iran for 18 months, said on Twitter that Trump s Iran strategy  will only hurt American hostages being held in Iran.   I hope I m wrong, but it looks to me as though Americans being held hostage in #Iran were just abandoned by @realDonaldTrump,  Rezaian wrote, using Trump s Twitter handle. The White House did not respond to a request for comment. A State Department official said the United States calls for the  immediate release  of U.S. citizens held  unjustly  in Iran. The seven known American citizens and permanent residents who have been detained in the last two years in Iran are businessman Siamak Namazi and his 81-year-old father Baquer Namazi; Princeton doctoral student Xiyue Wang; art gallery owner Karan Vafadari and his wife Afarin Niasari; Robin Reza Shahini, an Iranian-American from California; and Nizar Zakka, a Lebanese national with U.S. permanent residency.  My biggest frustration is still the U.S. government has no plan for how to resolve this, and my husband has been in prison for 15 months,  Wang s wife, Hua Qu, told Reuters.  She said the new U.S. sanctions made her  afraid  for her husband s fate, because they show  that the relationship is deteriorating.      Wang was arrested in August 2016 while doing dissertation research and has been sentenced to 10 years in prison on espionage charges, allegations his family and university deny.  I don t know when the U.S. government is going to engage Iran,  Qu said.  He is living in this terror everyday. He is in despair.  Karim Sadjadpour, an Iran expert at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace in Washington, said on a conference call with reporters that designating the IRGC as a terrorist group would  make it far more difficult to have a direct line of communication with them.   The IRGC is going to be in much less of a mood to engage in a serious negotiation with the United States after this,  said Sadjadpour, a friend of Namazi. In January 2016, the Obama administration secured the release of five Americans imprisoned in Iran by agreeing to a much-criticized prisoner swap after protracted direct talks with Iran. In the months following the swap, the Iranian government arrested several more Americans. The IRGC is typically the entity that has detained and interrogated the Americans, according to their family members and human rights groups. Jason Poblete, a U.S.-based attorney for Zakka, said the sanctions could be helpful  if it gets these parties talking to each other.  He criticized the Obama administration s approach to Iran as not being focused enough on  the unconditional release of hostages.   Anything that moves us to speaking clearly with one another, which is what the president s doing, is much better than all this flimsy talk that had been taking place until now,  Poblete said. ",1
17499,Factbox: Some Trump assertions on Iran questioned by experts,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - In Friday s speech laying out his strategy toward Iran and his decision not to certify it is complying with the 2015 nuclear agreement, U.S. President Donald Trump made a series of statements that analysts questioned.  Trump said he might terminate the deal under which Iran agreed to curb its disputed nuclear program in return for the lifting of economic sanctions, and laid out a more aggressive approach to counter Iran s ballistic missile programs and its support for militant groups. Below are some of Trump s controversial comments, along with analysis of their basis in fact. TRUMP:  The previous administration lifted these sanctions, just before what would have been the total collapse of the Iranian regime, through the deeply controversial 2015 nuclear deal with Iran.   Several foreign policy analysts said there was no reason to believe that the government of Iran, whose economy suffered from economic sanctions that targeted its oil industry, was close to falling apart.  There is no evidence that I  aware of that would suggest that regime was on the verge of collapse,  said Michael Singh, an expert with the Washington Institute for Near East Policy who served on Republican President George W. Bush s National Security Council staff.  The sanctions were having a pretty strong impact on the Iranian economy. Especially because of the oil sanctions, you had a real contraction of Iranian economy,  he said.  But saying anything beyond that is a matter of speculation.  In fact, Singh argued, the pressure brought on Tehran from international sanctions  could actually help to unite factions within Iran  and thereby strengthen its rulers. TRUMP:  The nuclear deal threw Iran s dictatorship a political and economic lifeline, providing urgently needed relief from the intense domestic pressure the sanctions had created. It also gave the regime an immediate financial boost and over $100 billion its government could use to fund terrorism.     The $100 billion, in fact, already belonged to Iran and represented foreign assets blocked by sanctions. It was unfrozen with the lifting of international sanctions under the deal, formally called the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA). But, experts said that Tehran would see only a fraction of that sum because of debts it owed, including $20 billion to China for infrastructure projects. Various estimates put the actual amount Tehran received at between $60 and $35 billion.     In addition, roughly $1.7 billion was handed over to Iran that stemmed from an uncompleted arms deal between the United States and the government of the late Shah, which paid a $400 million deposit before being toppled in Iran s 1979 revolution.  The remaining $1.3 billion represented interest owed on the $400 million, according to U.S. officials, who used the money as leverage to obtain the release of five U.S. citizens held in Iran. The Obama administration repaid the deposit with pallets of cash delivered by aircraft.  ON IRAN HAVING MADE MULTIPLE VIOLATIONS OF THE NUCLEAR DEAL TRUMP:  The Iranian regime has committed multiple violations of the agreement. For example, on two separate occasions, they have exceeded the limit of 130 metric tons of heavy water. Until recently, the Iranian regime has also failed to meet our expectations in its operation of advanced centrifuges.   The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), the U.N. nuclear watchdog charged with monitoring the deal, says that Tehran is in full compliance   a judgment the Trump administration twice previously affirmed - and that  nuclear-related commitments undertaken by Iran under the JCPOA are being implemented.   At present, Iran is subject to the world s most robust nuclear verification regime,  IAEA Director General Yukiya Amano said in a statement after Trump s speech.  Iran has exceeded the 130-metric-ton cap on its heavy water stockpile and run more advanced centrifuges   the devices that purify uranium   than permitted by the deal and arguably exceeded the limits on its low-riched uranium supply. But experts say that Iran quickly corrected all of the infractions and, most importantly, argued that Iran had not committed a deal-rupturing  material breach.   Multiple violations is an exaggeration. There are very few actual violations,  said Robert Einhorn, a nonproliferation expert who worked at the State Department under former President Barack Obama and is now at the Brookings Institution think tank.  They sought to exploit any ambiguity in the text, but when they did that the United States pushed back and a reasonable outcome was reached in every case,  he said. ",1
17500,Soccer star and VP maintain early leads in Liberia election,"MONROVIA (Reuters) - Former soccer star George Weah maintained his lead over Vice President Joseph Boakai as more provisional results from Liberia s presidential election were announced on Friday. If current trends hold, they would contest a run-off next month to decide which of them will succeed Nobel Peace Prize winner Ellen Johnson Sirleaf in what would be Liberia s first democratic transfer of power in decades. Based on returns from about a third of the country s more than 5,000 polling stations, Weah has obtained 39.6 percent of votes cast, with Boakai of the ruling Unity Party (UP) at 31.1 percent, the elections commission said.   We are still confident that there are places that we believe are our strong support ... We are very optimistic that with reports coming in, UP is going to take the lead,  Boakai told Reuters after Friday s results announcement. Charles Brumskine, a lawyer, was running third with 9.3 percent. The final certified results from Tuesday s poll must be announced by Oct. 25, although the provisional first-round winner is expected to be known in the coming days. Weah, a striker for Paris Saint-Germain and AC Milan who won FIFA s World Player of the Year in 1995, came second to Johnson Sirleaf in a 2005 election that drew a line under years of civil war that killed hundreds of thousands of civilians. He has served in the senate since 2014 for the opposition Congress for Democratic Change.  Boakai, the former head of Liberia s petroleum refinery company and agriculture minister, has served as vice president since 2006. Brumskine and the parties of two other candidates have said the vote was marred by fraud and vowed to contest the results. But they have not provided evidence of cheating and international observers said they saw no major problems.  Liberia, Africa s oldest modern republic, was founded by freed U.S. slaves in 1847 but its last democratic power transfer occurred in 1944. Johnson Sirleaf s nearly 12 years in office have seen the country s post-war peace consolidated, although Liberians complain about poor public services and widespread corruption. ",1
17501,"Pentagon identifying new areas to pressure Iran, reviewing plans","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. military said on Friday it was identifying new areas where it could work with allies to put pressure on Iran in support of President Donald Trump s new strategy, which promises a far more confrontational approach to Tehran. Trump struck a blow against the 2015 Iran nuclear agreement on Friday in defiance of other world powers, choosing not to certify that Tehran is complying with the deal and warning he might ultimately terminate it. He also promised to address Iran more broadly, including its support for extremist groups in the Middle East. Major Adrian Rankine-Galloway, a Defense Department spokesman, told Reuters the Pentagon was assessing the positioning of its forces as well as planning but offered few details.  We are identifying new areas where we will work with allies to put pressure on the Iranian regime, neutralize its destabilizing influences, and constrain its aggressive power projection, particularly its support for terrorist groups and militants,  he said. U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said his first goal would to talk with U.S. allies in Europe, the Middle East and elsewhere to gain a shared understanding of Iran s actions.  Certainly we intend to dissuade them from shipping arms into places like Yemen and explosives into Bahrain and the other things they do with their surrogates, like Lebanese Hezbollah,  Mattis said. The U.S. military has long been a strident critic of Iran, accusing it directly and indirectly of trying to undermine the United States and its allies, including in Iraq, Syria and Yemen. The tensions escalated in recent months in Syria, where American pilots shot down two Iranian-made drones this summer.   Still, a more aggressive approach to Iran could trigger a backlash from Iran s elite Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC) and forces that it backs. That includes in Iraq, where U.S. troops are fighting Islamic State and trying to keep their distance from Shi ite militia aligned with Iran.  U.S. forces in Iraq are quite exposed, and coalition forces are quite exposed to the risk of attack if Iranian elements so choose,  said Jennifer Cafarella, lead intelligence planner at the Institute for the Study of War, a think-tank in Washington. The U.S. military is analyzing an explosively formed penetrator, or EFP, that killed an American soldier in Iraq this month. The reappearance of the device, which Iran-backed Shi ite militia routinely used to target American troops in Iraq before their withdrawal in 2011, has startled U.S. officials. CIA Director Mike Pompeo noted the device was detonated in an area controlled by a militia backed by Tehran.  We do not have evidence of a direct link to Iran, but we are closely examining this tragic incident,  Pompeo said on Wednesday. Cafarella said the killing of the U.S. soldier may have been a warning from Iran.  I think it is possible that the Iranians have been attempting to signal their commitment to retaliate against the U.S. strategy,  she said. Mattis said the United States was watching for any new provocations from Iran. Asked whether he thought Tehran might retaliate, he said:  It would be ill advised for them to attack us.  Reuters has previously reported that options to increase pressure on Iran include more aggressive U.S. interceptions of Iranian arms shipments, such as those to Houthi rebels in Yemen, It could also direct U.S. naval forces to react more forcefully when harassed by armed IRGC speed boats. The Pentagon on Friday detailed a series of major concern about Iran, including its ballistic missile development and cyber attacks against the United States and U.S. allies.  The Pentagon promised to review U.S. security cooperation activities with allies in the region, something that could lead to alterations in U.S. arms sales and military exercises.  It also signaled a willingness to re-examine the positioning of the roughly 70,000 American troops the Pentagon says are stationed in the Middle East. Still, Mattis said:  Right now we are not changing our posture.  ",1
17502,"Iraq's Kurds beef up, move back defense line around oil-rich Kirkuk","BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Kurdish authorities said on Friday they had sent thousands more troops to Kirkuk to confront  threats  of Iraqi military attack, but also slightly pulled back defense lines around the disputed oil-producing area to ease tensions. The Baghdad central government has taken a series of steps to isolate the autonomous Kurdish region since its overwhelming vote for independence in a Sept. 25 referendum, including banning international flights from going there. Baghdad s tough line, ruling out talks sought by the Kurds unless they renounce the breakaway move, is backed by neighbors Turkey and Iran - both with their own sizable Kurdish minorities, and in Turkey s case, a long-running Kurdish insurgency. Tens of thousands of Kurdish Peshmerga soldiers have been stationed in and around Kirkuk for some time and another 6,000 have arrived since Thursday, Kosrat Rasul, vice president in the Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG), said. In Washington, U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Friday the situation had the full attention of the United States, which was working to ensure it does not escalate.  We can t turn on each other right now. We don t want this to go to a shooting situation,  Mattis said.  These are issues that are longstanding in some cases ... We re going to have to recalibrate and move these back to a way (in which) we solve them politically and work them out with compromised solutions.   The KRG s Security Council expressed alarm late on Thursday at what it called a significant Iraqi military buildup south of Kirkuk,  including tanks, artillery, Humvees and mortars. These forces are approximately 3 km (1.9 miles) from Peshmerga forces. Intelligence shows intentions to take over nearby oilfields, airport and military base,  it said in a statement.  Kurdish security sources later said that the Peshmerga had shifted their defense lines by 3 km (1.9 miles) to 10 km south of Kirkuk to reduce the risk of clashes with Iraqi forces, which then moved into some of the vacated positions without incident.  The area from which the Peshmerga withdrew is populated mainly by Shi ite Muslim Turkmen, many of whom are loyal to the Shi ite led-government in Baghdad and affiliated with Iranian-backed political parties and paramilitary groups. An Iraqi military spokesman said military movements near Kirkuk aimed only to  inspect and secure  the nearby region of Hawija recaptured from Islamic State militants a week ago. Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi has repeatedly denied any plans to go further and actually attack the territory. Kirkuk, a city of more than one million people, lies just outside KRG territory but Peshmerga forces deployed there in 2014 when Iraqi security forces collapsed in the face of an Islamic State onslaught. The Peshmerga deployment prevented Kirkuk s oilfields from falling into jihadist hands. KRG Prime Minister Nechirvan Barzani urged the United States, the European Union and the U.N. Security Council  to rapidly intervene to prevent a new war.  Germany, which traditionally has good relations with both Baghdad and the KRG, called for measures to defuse tensions.  We would like to ask them to meet those responsibilities and not to escalate the conflict,  German government spokesman Steffen Seibert told reporters in Berlin. President Tayyip Erdogan s spokesman said on Thursday Ankara would gradually close border crossings with northern Iraq in coordination with the central Iraqi government and Iran. Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim is expected in Baghdad on Sunday for talks with Abadi. ",1
17503,Brazil Supreme Court blocks extradition of Italian leftist ex-guerilla Battisti,"BRASILIA (Reuters) - A Supreme Court injunction on Friday temporarily blocked the extradition of Cesare Battisti, an Italian left-wing former guerrilla convicted of murder in his country. The decision by Justice Luiz Fux prevents the Brazilian government from extraditing Battisti until the full court can rule on habeas corpus request from Battisti s lawyers, a ruling that is expected within two weeks. The former guerrilla was briefly arrested this month when trying to leave the country. Battisti faces life in prison in Italy, where he was convicted of four murders committed in the 1970s, when he belonged to a guerilla group called Armed Proletarians for Communism. He escaped from prison in 1981 and lived in France before fleeing to Brazil to avoid being extradited to Italy. Brazil s Supreme Court authorized Battisti s extradition in 2009, but he was not sent back to Italy because former leftist President Luis Inacio Lula da Silva granted him refugee status on his last day in office in 2010. ",1
17504,"Despite deaths, German military eyes recruitment bump from new reality show","BERLIN (Reuters) - The German military, buoyed by 45 million views of its previous  social media reality show  The Recruits , is to launch a new show on Monday that shows the lives of eight soldiers serving in U.N. peacekeeping mission in Mali. The six-week show provides a  realistic and authentic look  at an actual military deployment, including the crash of an Airbus Tiger helicopter in July that killed both crew members, a defense ministry spokesman said on Friday. It will be shown Mondays through Thursdays on YouTube, Facebook and Instagram, with a chatbot sending messages several times a day about the soldiers  activities.  Colonel Holger Neumann said the accident would play a role in one of the later episodes and would be treated with  the necessary sensitivity . The military last month resumed flights of the Tiger helicopters, but continues to investigate the cause of the crash. The show cost 6.5 million euros to produce and market, Neumann said, describing it as part of the military s drive to make the military a more attractive career option. The last show, which showed how new recruits were trained, sparked a 40-percent increase in traffic at the ministry s career website and a 25-percent boost in calls to a recruitment hotline, he said.  Ilka Hoffmann, a board member at the GEW union that represents about 280,000 teachers, social workers and education workers, said the new program s  action film  aesthetic was clearly targeting young people and glamorizing war.  Not everything is as positive as it is portrayed. People can die during this deployment or come back traumatized,  she said.  The Bundeswehr can t want people to sign up out of a sense of adventure.  She said the union, the nonprofit group Terres des Hommes and other groups have also protested the military s school outreach program aimed at 16- and 17-year-olds, saying it viewed the recruitment drive as a violation of U.N. Convention on Children. ",1
17505,Canada's Trudeau calls treatment of women in Mexico 'unacceptable',"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Canada s Prime Minister Justin Trudeau on Friday urged Mexican lawmakers to improve women s rights, delivering a sharp rebuke to a key trading partner that has struggled to curb years of femicide, drug violence and rights abuses.  In a visit to the Mexican capital amid tense talks in the United States to save the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), Trudeau met human rights organizations that briefed him on the violence and challenges faced by many of the country s women. In an address at the Mexican Senate, Trudeau told lawmakers that the stories he had heard from the rights groups about the treatment of women were  unacceptable,  and pressed for gender imbalances to be addressed in an updated NAFTA.  I challenge you to use your position and power to strongly push for the rights of women and girls in Mexico,  Trudeau said.  We must move the needle forward on gender inequality.   Trudeau s comments serve as a reprimand of Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto s failure to tackle years of drug crime. Violence against women in Mexico has risen dramatically since the previous administration declared war on organized drug trafficking about a decade ago.  Mexico and Canada share values, and that certainly includes gender equality and enhancing women s rights,  Pena Nieto s office said in a statement after a request for comment on Trudeau s remarks.  The National Citizen Observatory of Femicide (OCNF), which uses government statistics, reported that 2,735 women were murdered in Mexico last year, up sharply from 2,383 the year before. UN Women, a branch of the United Nations, says on its website that Mexico has taken steps in recent years to improve gender equality, but has struggled to fully implement and enforce its own regulations.  Trudeau and his wife arrived in Mexico City on Thursday and attended roundtable discussions with non-governmental organizations to discuss violence against women, human rights, free speech as well as the risks faced by journalists and activists. Although Trudeau did not give details on how an updated NAFTA could protect women s rights, he said that Canada supports broader inclusion of women in the world economy.   We know that the success of any society depends on the full participation of women across social, economic and political life,  he added. ",1
17506,WHO says attack on Syria vaccine store leaves children at risk,"LONDON (Reuters) - The World Health Organization said on Friday it had received reports of an attack on medical facilities in eastern Syria that had destroyed a store containing more than 130,000 vaccine doses against measles and polio. If confirmed, the WHO said, the attack would put thousands of children at risk of these serious infectious, viral diseases. Both can spread rapidly in areas of conflict.  We unequivocally condemn these actions. Vaccines are not a legitimate target of war,  the WHO s representative in Syria, Elizabeth Hoff, said in a statement issued late on Friday. The WHO said the reports it received were of an attack on a vaccine cold room at health facilities in al-Mayadin, near Deir al-Zor in eastern Syria. The WHO did not say whether the reports it received gave any detail on who carried out the reported attack. The store had held 100,000 doses of measles vaccine, 35,000 doses of polio vaccine, plus syringes and other equipment.  Until a new cold room is built and the required cold chain equipment - including solar fridges, cold boxes and vaccine carriers - are delivered, this will delay ... routine immunization for vulnerable children in the area,  Hoff said. Polio - a viral disease that can cripple its victims - and measles - which can cause diarrhea, blindness and can kill - tend to break out in war zones because low vaccine coverage leaves gaps in population immunity, exposing children to infection. The WHO previously tackled a polio outbreak in the same area of Syria in 2013-2014. The UN health agency said that in its last polio vaccination campaign in Deir al-Zor it reached more than 252,000 babies and children. ",1
17507,Rouhani says Iran will stay in nuclear deal only if it serves interests: TV,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Iran harshly reacted to President Donald Trump s decision not to certify its nuclear deal with six major powers, and President Hassan Rouhani said Tehran might walk away if the continuing agreement does not serve the country s national interests. Defying Trump, Rouhani said Tehran will double its efforts to expand the country s defense capabilities, including the country s ballistic missile program despite the U.S. pressure to suspend it. Trump said in an address at the White House that he would not continue to certify the multinational agreement and warned he might ultimately terminate it.   No president can revoke an international deal ... Iran will continue to respect it as long as it serves our interests,  Rouhani said in a live television address, adding that Trump s speech was full of  insults and fake accusations  against Iranians.  While Trump did not pull the United States out of the agreement, aimed at preventing Iran from developing a nuclear bomb, he gave the U.S. Congress 60 days to decide whether to reimpose economic sanctions on Tehran that were lifted under the pact. That increases tension with Iran as well as putting Washington at odds with other signatories of the accord such as Britain, France, Germany, Russia, China and the European Union, who say the U.S. cannot unilaterally cancel the 2015 nuclear deal between Iran and world powers .   The Iranian nation has not and will never bow to any foreign pressure... Iran s deal cannot be renegotiated,  Rouhani said. Trump announced the major shift in U.S. policy in a speech in which he detailed a more confrontational approach to Iran over its nuclear and ballistic missile programs and its support for extremist groups in the Middle East. Pragmatist Rouhani backed Iran s elite Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps (IRGC), saying the IRGC will continue its fight against  regional terrorists.  The IRGC has always protected our nation against terrorists ... It will continue to help oppressed nations in the region,  Rouhani said. Iran accuses its regional rival Saudi Arabia of fuelling regional tension and the Sunni Muslim kingdom is at odds with Tehran s revolutionary Shi ite leaders in struggles across the Arab world, including Syria, Yemen, Iraq, Bahrain and Lebanon. The IRGC is Iran s most powerful security entity and wields control over large swathes of Iran s economy as well as considerable influence within its political system. ",1
17508,Mattis says U.S. working to ensure situation around Kirkuk does not escalate,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Friday that tensions between Kurdish and Iraqi forces in and around Kirkuk had the full attention of the United States, which was working to ensure it does not escalate. Kurdish authorities said they have sent thousands more troops to Kirkuk to confront  threats  of Iraqi military attack, but also pulled back defense lines around the disputed oil-producing area slightly to ease tensions.  We have got to work on this, the secretary of state has the lead, but my forces are integrated among these forces and they are working too, to make certain we keep any potential for conflict off the table,  Mattis told reporters. The Baghdad central government has taken a series of steps to isolate the autonomous Kurdish region since its overwhelming vote for independence in a Sept. 25 referendum, including banning international flights from going there. Mattis said while he was aware of troop movements, he had not heard of any fighting and called on both sides to focus on fighting Islamic State militants.  We can t turn on each other right now. We don t want this to go to a shooting situation,  Mattis added. Kirkuk, a city of more than 1 million people, lies just outside Kurdish territory, but Peshmerga forces deployed there in 2014 when Iraqi security forces collapsed in the face of an Islamic State onslaught. The Peshmerga deployment prevented Kirkuk s oil fields from falling into jihadist hands. As the territory controlled by Islamic State has shrunk, ethnic and sectarian fractures that have plagued Iraq for more than a decade have once again started to resurface. The group s last territory in Iraq is now a stretch skirting the western border with Syria following the fall of the town of Hawija and surrounding areas on Oct. 5 in an offensive by U.S.-backed Iraqi forces. Mattis said the differences would have to be worked out politically and not on the battlefield.  These are issues that are longstanding in some cases. ... We re going to have to recalibrate and move these back to a way (where) we solve them politically and work them out with compromised solutions,  he said.  ",1
17509,Bid to 'fix' Iran nuclear deal faces uphill climb in U.S. Congress,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump s call for Congress to toughen the Iran nuclear deal faced opposition on Friday from among the ranks of his fellow Republicans as well as from Democrats, narrowing the chances any legislation could pass. As Trump announced that he had chosen not to certify Tehran is complying with the deal but would not immediately withdraw from it, Republican Senators Bob Corker and Tom Cotton offered an outline of legislation they said would  address flaws  in the accord. If passed, the measure would set stricter restrictions on Iran and immediately revive U.S. sanctions imposed over Iran s nuclear program if Tehran is deemed able to produce a nuclear weapon within a year.  We have provided a route to overcome deficiencies (in the agreement) and to keep the administration in the deal, and actually make it the kind of deal that it should have been in the first place,  Corker, chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, said on a call with journalists. Republicans control Congress, but their four-seat edge in the Senate means any measure would need Democratic support to pass, even if every member of Trump s party supports it. That is not a given. Republican Senator Marco Rubio said he had  serious doubts  about the Corker-Cotton plan. He said he would reserve judgment until the final measure, but preferred that Trump abandon the deal.  Ultimately, leaving the nuclear deal, reimposing suspended sanctions, and having the president impose additional sanctions would serve our national interest better than a decertified deal that leaves sanctions suspended or a new law that leaves major flaws in that agreement in place,  Rubio said in a statement. Most Democrats were strongly opposed. Senator Ben Cardin, ranking Democrat on the Foreign Relations panel, said he would only support a measure backed by European allies who had signed the nuclear pact, formally known as the JCPOA.  Anything we do must be consistent with the JCPOA, cannot lead us on a path to violate the JCPOA and must have the support of our European allies,  he told Reuters in a telephone interview. Cardin said he wanted a full-Senate briefing on the plan from administration officials, and then committee hearings. Corker acknowledged the tough fight ahead, but said he hoped to win over Democrats. He pledged to seek the support of European allies Britain, France and Germany, who had signed the agreement and urged Trump not to decertify. ",1
17510,"Iran, EU and Russia defend nuclear deal after Trump threat","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Iran, U.S. allies in Europe and Russia on Friday defended the 2015 nuclear agreement with Tehran and said they would stick by it, after U.S. President Donald Trump threatened to terminate the agreement. Trump said in a Washington speech that he would not certify that Iran is complying with its agreement with six world powers and the European Union, despite a determination by the U.N. s nuclear watchdog that Tehran is meeting the deal s terms. The Republican president threw the issue to the U.S. Congress, which has 60 days to decide whether to reinstate U.S. sanctions. He warned that if  we are not able to reach a solution working with Congress and our allies, then the agreement will be terminated.  Trump s actions appeared to leave the United States relatively isolated on the world stage. His hawkish new stance toward Iran, including steps against the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, received strong backing only from Israel and Gulf states such as Saudi Arabia. Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said Iran will remain committed to the multinational deal as long as it serves the country s national interests. Trump s decision to decertify the deal will isolate the United States, as other signatories of the accord remained committed to it, Rouhani said in a live television address. The deal was not renegotiable, he said. The agreement, negotiated by Trump s Democratic predecessor Barack Obama, eased sanctions on Tehran in returns for strict limits on its nuclear program. Trump s stance put him at odds with key U.S. allies, including Britain, France and Germany who, along with Russia and China, negotiated the deal with Iran alongside the European Union. In Brussels, EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini said Washington could not unilaterally cancel the agreement.  We cannot afford as the international community to dismantle a nuclear agreement that is working,  said Mogherini, who chaired the final stages of the landmark talks.  This deal is not a bilateral agreement.  The international community, and the European Union with it, has clearly indicated that the deal is, and will continue to be, in place,  Mogherini told reporters in Brussels. The leaders of Britain, France and Germany issued a joint statement warning the United States against taking decisions that could harm the nuclear deal such as re-imposing sanctions. The three leaders also said they shared U.S. concerns over Iran s ballistic missile program and regional destabilizing activities and were ready to work with Washington to address those concerns. French President Emmanuel Macron s office said he had spoken with Rouhani by telephone and assured him of France s commitment to the deal, but that Tehran must strictly comply with it. Russia s foreign ministry said there was no place in international diplomacy for threatening and aggressive rhetoric, and said such methods were doomed to fail, in a statement issued after Trump s speech. The ministry said Trump s decision to de-certify the deal would not have a direct impact on implementation of the agreement but that it ran counter to its spirit. There was no immediate reaction from China, though Alexei Pushkov, a pro-Kremlin lawmaker in the upper house of the Russian parliament, said neither Moscow nor Beijing backed Trump s stance.  Russia of course does not support the U.S. position, nor does China. So Trump will be left in proud isolation in an attempt to improve his image among his own supporters,  Pushkov told Russia s state-run Rossiya-24 TV station.  The head of the U.N. s International Atomic Energy Agency said Iran was complying with the accord, formally known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, under the world s  most robust nuclear verification regime.   The nuclear-related commitments undertaken by Iran under  the JCPOA are being implemented,  Yukiya Amano, director general of the IAEA said in a statement.  What has been agreed ... must be fully implemented. It is a very important deal, I m sorry to see what is now happening,  former United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon told reporters at the United Nations on Friday. Ban, who stepped down at the end of 2016, was U.N. chief when the deal was agreed. Trump received support from Israel, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates and Bahrain, all of which oppose what they say are Iran s expansionary moves in the Middle East.  President Trump has just created an opportunity to fix this bad deal, to roll back Iran s aggression and to confront its criminal support of terrorism,  Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said in a video statement. In their comments, the Gulf states focused on Trump s overall Iran policy rather than the nuclear deal itself. Saudi Arabia welcomed what it called Trump s  decisive strategy  toward Iran and said lifting sanctions had allowed Tehran to develop its ballistic missile program, step up its support for militant groups including Hezbollah and the Houthis in Yemen, and attack global shipping lanes.   The Riyadh government said in a statement it had supported the nuclear agreement,  but Iran took advantage of the economic gain from raising sanctions and used it to continue destabilizing the region . The United Arab Emirates said it fully supported the new U.S. policy toward Iran and renewed its commitment to work with Washington to counter Iran s support of extremism, the state news agency WAM reported.  The UAE announces its full support to the new U.S. strategy to deal with the Iranian policies undermining security and  stability,  WAM said on its Twitter account. ",1
17511,Russia questions future of Syria chemical weapons inquiry,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Russia on Friday questioned the work and future of an inquiry into who is to blame for toxic gas attacks in Syria and said it would decide whether to support extending the mandate after investigators submit their next report to U.N. Security Council. The investigation by the United Nations and the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons - known as the Joint Investigative Mechanism (JIM) - was unanimously created by the 15-member U.N. Security Council in 2015 and renewed in 2016 for another year. Its mandate is due to expire in mid-November. Mikhail Ulyanov, director of the Russian Foreign Ministry s non-proliferation and arms control department, said there were  serious problems  with the work of the inquiry.  In order to judge if it deserves an extension of the mandate, we need to see the report to be issued on the 26th of October and assess it,  Ulyanov told a briefing at the United Nations in New York.  I ask myself what is the reason for the extension of the mandate of this mechanism if it is not capable and is not willing to fulfill its mandate,  he said.  We will wait for the report and then we will define our position.  Several dozen U.N. diplomats attended the briefing, held by Russia to present its view on the  Syrian chemical dossier.  U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said last week that renewing the mandate of the JIM should be the Security Council s top priority. It was unclear when the United States planned to put forward a draft resolution to extend the inquiry. Some U.N. diplomats said that a draft resolution could be put to a vote before the next JIM report is submitted. A resolution needs nine votes in favor and no vetoes by Russia, China, the United States, Britain or France in order to pass. The JIM has already found Syrian government forces were responsible for three chlorine gas attacks in 2014 and 2015 and that Islamic State militants used mustard gas. It is due to report this month on who is to blame for an April 4 attack on the opposition-held town of Khan Sheikhoun that killed dozens. A separate OPCW fact-finding mission determined in June that the banned nerve agent sarin had been used in the attack, which prompted the United States to launch missiles on a Syrian air base. Syria agreed to destroy its chemical weapons in 2013 under a deal brokered by Russia and the United States. The Syrian government has repeatedly denied using chemical weapons during the country s more than six-year civil war. ",1
17512,"EU plans Brexit summit gesture, May hints on cash","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Britain will be offered a goodwill gesture at a European Union summit next week, European nations agreed on Friday, seeking to break the deadlock over Brexit, but no watering down of their demand for tens of billions of euros they say Britain owes. British Prime Minister Theresa May also indicated she might make a move at next week s summit. A spokeswoman said  there will be more to say there  on a promise May made last month to honor financial commitments when Britain leaves. Both sides are making the moves to end an apparent stalemate in talks on Britain s leaving the EU.  At heart is a proposal by summit chair Donald Tusk to tell May next week that the EU will start internal work on a post-Brexit transition plan.  This is a very big gesture towards Britain, maybe way too big,  a senior EU diplomat said ahead of an evening meeting of envoys from the 27 remaining states to discuss Tusk s draft for a statement to made after leaders meet in a week s time. Ambassadors broadly agreed the plan on Friday despite scepticism, including from powerhouse Germany. They requested some harder language to ram home that any offer is conditional on Britain making progress toward agreeing Brussels  terms.  Time is running out , German Chancellor Angela Merkel s spokesman had warned after week of stalemate in negotiations and faction-fighting within May s government that have raised concerns that talks could collapse, leaving Britain bumping out into legal limbo in March 2019. Hammering the point, EU chief executive Jean-Claude Juncker said in Luxembourg:  They have to pay. They have to pay.  Underscoring tensions, British finance minister Philip Hammond referred to the EU as  the enemy  at one point, but then apologized. His remark came as he defended himself against accusations from hardline Brexit supporters who say he is soft on Brussels. Businesses planning investment decisions are calling for a clear idea by the new year of how the split and subsequent years of transition to a new trade relationship will function. Otherwise, some firms say, they may assume a disruptive  hard Brexit  and move some operations to continental Europe. As the process approaches the half-way stage between last June s referendum vote for Brexit and Britain s departure on March 30, 2019, tensions are building not just between the two negotiating sides but also within the bloc of 27. While hardliners would prefer less or no talk of a future after Brexit and more about demanding money, others are keen to give May, beleaguered at home, something to show for the effort to compromise she displayed in a speech at Florence last month. One diplomat called the draft a  search and rescue mission  to help the British premier out of a jam. Another said it was a bid to break  stalemate  and avert  disaster  over the winter:  Some states were not very happy about this but what else can we do?  the diplomat added.  We are trying to reach out.  But then the diplomat added:  They must come up with something on the money.  Diplomats said Germany and France coordinated on Friday , to limit any watering down of the EU position that its negotiator, Michel Barnier, cannot so much as mention to his British counterparts what might come after Brexit until leaders deem there has been  sufficient progress  on three issues the EU says must be settled before Britain leaves. These are the rights of EU citizens in Britain, Northern Ireland s new EU border and the intractable  Brexit bill . Tusk, who met Merkel and French President Emmanuel Macron in a week when he has spoken to almost all other EU leaders including May, offered a draft text saying there is not enough progress but welcoming the advances there have been and flagging a hope that the next summit in December could open trade talks. In its strongest conclusion, it proposes that Barnier start working out internally - without negotiating with London - what will happen after Brexit. Barnier himself has sought flexibility to break the deadlock, diplomats say.  If this is the concession May needs to be able to make a move on financial settlement, let s try it,  said a diplomat from one of Britain s close EU trading partners.  She is so weak at the moment she can do nothing. And we need the money.  Despite protestations of unity, some diplomats detect nuance in approaches to the prospect of talks collapsing, with those countries with most to lose from trade barriers with Britain most keen to avert a meltdown. Essentially that means its near neighbors like the Nordic states, the Netherlands and Ireland. ",1
17513,U.S.'s Mattis says eyeing provocative Iran actions after Trump speech,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Friday he had not yet seen any provocative actions from Iran following President Donald Trump s speech outlining a more confrontational approach to Iran and added there had been no change in U.S. military posture so far.  Right now, we keep an eye on the potential for more provocations from the Iranians but right now we have not seen that,  Mattis told reporters on board a military plane.  With the Iranians destabilizing record from Lebanon to Syria, from Yemen to Afghanistan, of course we watch for this,  Mattis said.  Right now we are not changing our posture.   ",1
17514,UAE says fully supports new U.S. policy against Iran,"DUBAI (Reuters) - The United Arab Emirates said on Friday it fully supported the new U.S. policy toward Iran and it renewed its commitment to work with Washington to counter Iran s support of extremism, the state news agency WAM reported.  The UAE announces its full support to the new U.S. strategy to deal with the Iranian policies undermining security and stability,  WAM said on its twitter account. Bahrain has also announced it welcomed the shift in U.S. policy on Iran s nuclear and ballistic missile programs and its support for extremist groups in the Middle East.  ",1
17515,U.N. nuclear watchdog reiterates Iran subject to world's toughest controls,"VIENNA (Reuters) - The chief of the U.N. atomic watchdog reiterated on Friday that Iran was under the world s  most robust nuclear verification regime  after U.S. President Donald Trump struck a blow against a 2015 Iran nuclear deal, in defiance of other world powers.      The nuclear-related commitments undertaken by Iran under the JCPOA are being implemented,  Yukiya Amano, director general of the International Atomic Energy Agency said. He referred to the Iran nuclear by its proper name, the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action. ",1
17516,Peru opposition-ruled Congress approves Kuczynski's new cabinet,"LIMA (Reuters) - Peru s opposition-controlled Congress approved President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski s new cabinet with a 83-17 vote of confidence on Friday, the latest resetting of relations between the executive and legislative branches in his year-old government. Congress, dominated by the right-wing Popular Force party, ousted Kuczynski s previous cabinet in September in a dispute over a teachers strike and school curriculum that emphasizes gender equality. In response, Kuczynski formed a more socially conservative cabinet led by Prime Minister Mercedes Araoz, one of his vice presidents and a lawmaker in his party. Several opposition lawmakers wished Araoz  cabinet luck during more than 14 hours of debate before the vote of confidence. Kuczynski, a 79-year-old former Wall Street banker, took office in July 2016 promising to modernize Peru and strengthen its economy. But his first year in office has been marked by clashes with Congress and slowing economic growth. Araoz told local broadcaster RPP on Friday that the government is planning to revise tax policies to look for ways to close loopholes that have dragged on public revenue. Araoz said on Thursday that she is going to ask Congress to grant her cabinet special powers to legislate economic policies. ",1
17517,Macron assures Iran's Rouhani of France's commitment to nuclear deal,"PARIS (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron assured Iranian President Hassan Rouhani on Friday of France s commitment to the 2015 Iranian nuclear deal, Macron s office said. Macron told Rouhani that the U.S. decision not to certify the agreement would not end it and that France and its European partners would keep carrying out their commitments in regard to the deal, a statement said. Macron also spelled out in a phone conversation the conditions Iran must comply with, including strict respect of the deal.  ",1
17518,"Wall Street raises targets on Netflix, citing price increases","(Reuters) - Netflix Inc (NFLX.O) shares hit an all-time high on Friday as Goldman Sachs and other brokerages raised their price targets on the world s biggest online-streaming company, citing its ability to raise fees without scaring away customers.  The home of  House of Cards  and  Narcos  has been spending heavily on new shows and acquiring the rights to other TV series as it looks to lure more people away from traditional cable TV. To help fund that spending - a sticking point with the company s critics - Netflix said it would raise prices for two of its three main subscription plans.  Content remains the primary driver of subscriber growth and engagement (and the pricing power that comes with it),  Goldman analyst Heath Terry wrote in a note. Netflix is scheduled to report its third-quarter earnings on Monday, although that quarter will not reflect the recent price increases, which take effect in November.  Goldman expects the company to report that it added a net 1.1 million U.S. and 4.3 million international subscribers in the third quarter, partly driven by new shows such as  Ozark.   The number of subscribers is Wall Street s most closely watched gauge of the company s growth. Goldman s estimate is above most other analysts, who are on average expecting 810,000 U.S. and 3.69 million international subscriber additions, according to FactSet.  we believe upward revisions to consensus estimates will ultimately drive further outperformance,  Terry said. Goldman, which has a  buy  rating on the stock, boosted its price target to $235 from $200. The median price target on Netflix s stock is $208, which has moved up 22 percent over roughly three months, showing Wall Street s growing bullishness. Netflix shares rose to an all-time high of $200.82 on Friday. They have jumped 58 percent so far this year. JPMorgan analyst Doug Anmuth lowered his estimate for net subscriber additions for the fourth quarter by 255,000 to 6.7 million due to a modest uptick in churn, but said the fee increase was clearly a positive for Netflix. Anmuth raised his Netflix price target on Friday to $225 from $210. Not everybody is on board with Netflix s aggressive spending, however.  The thing that has kept us on the sidelines is ... this company is continuing to burn cash,  said Michael Scanlon, a portfolio manager at Manulife Asset Management, adding that Netflix was up against many deep-pocketed competitors.  Netflix expects to spend $6 billion this year and $7 billion in 2018 to produce original shows and movies to stay ahead of Amazon.com s (AMZN.O) Prime Video service and Hulu. Earlier this week, Hulu bid out others for U.S. rights to  This is Us.  The company expects to spend about $2.5 billion in 2017 on buying movies and TV show rights. Also, Walt Disney Co (DIS.N) said in August it will stop providing new movies to Netflix from 2019 and launch its own streaming service. Hulu dropped the price of its cheapest plan package by $2 for the first year of subscription, days after Netflix raised prices. The company last disclosed the size of its subscriber base in May 2016 as 12 million paying customers, according to Variety. Netflix had nearly 104 million members as of June 30. Analysts expect Netflix to report a third-quarter adjusted profit of 32 cents per share, and revenue up 30 percent to $2.97 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.   ",1
17519,Russia says Trump's 'aggressive' stance on Iran doomed to fail,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia said on Friday after U.S. President Donald Trump chose not to certify a deal on Iran s nuclear program that there was no place in international diplomacy for aggressive rhetoric, and such methods were doomed to fail. Trump s announcement  once again underlines the inadmissibility of using aggressive and threatening rhetoric in international relations,  Russia s foreign ministry said in a statement  It is a hangover from the past, which does not correspond to modern norms of civilized dealings between countries,  the statement said.  We viewed with regret the decision of the U.S. President not to confirm to Congress that Iran is fulfilling in good faith  the nuclear deal, the statement said.  We expect that this step will not have a direct effect on the progress of implementation of the agreements, although, clearly, it does not correspond to the spirit and letter,  of the nuclear deal. Iran was strictly abiding by the terms of the deal, and the agreement was already making a contribution to making the world safer, it added.  In any event, regardless of the decisions of individual parties to the agreement, it is not possible to return to a situation which previously existed around the Iranian nuclear program,  the statement said.  In particular, there can be no talk of a renewal of sanctions via the U.N. Security Council.   Russia remains committed to ... (the Iran nuclear deal), wants it to be preserved and will continue to fulfill all its obligations under the deal. We call on all the other participants to do the same,  the ministry said. ",1
17520,A picture and its story: tear gas in Nairobi,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - In a dramatic picture, Kenyan opposition lawmaker Caleb Amisi Luyai leans through the window of his car as tear gas billows out, police having fired it at a convoy of opposition politicians in Nairobi on Oct. 13. Police acted to prevent the politicians from entering the center of the capital to enforce a ban on staging political protests there ahead of a repeat presidential election. Kenya is holding a re-vote on Oct. 26 after the Supreme Court threw out the result of an election in August won by incumbent President Uhuru Kenyatta. His opponent, Raila Odinga, is boycotting the repeat, arguing that it should not be held until wide-ranging reforms are adopted to prevent another failed vote. For Reuters photographer Baz Ratner, who took the image,  the main challenge is how to cover the story when the protests are moving very fast in a few different focal points around Nairobi . Ratner had ridden just ahead of the opposition convoy on his motorcycle when tear gas canisters were fired.  I stopped on the side of the road and put on my gas mask when I noticed one of the cars was engulfed in smoke. It was moving forward slowly, while I ran towards it as I took a few photos.  Ratner did not recognize the driver, Luyai, an opposition member of parliament, but saw him leaning out of the window and gesturing.  I helped him open the door. I walked to the other side where other people who were in the car were lying on the floor. Very quickly, the car drove away,  Ratner said. ",1
17521,Investigative journalist attacked in Kosovo,"PRISTINA (Reuters) - A Kosovo journalist known for his investigative stories on corruption and crime was beaten in a crowded caf  bar in central Pristina on Friday. Vehbi Kajtazi runs the news website Insajderi that has become one of the must trusted online media for its investigative reporting into allegations of corruption and crime among Kosovo s top officials. Local media have shown photos of him with blood on the forehead.  The Kajtazi attack came just two months after the other Insajderi editor, Parim Olluri, was beaten up in the late evening as he was going home with his fianc e.  I have identified the attacker and he attacked me because of the stories that I write,  Kajtazi told Reuters. Kosovo declared independence from Serbia in 2008, nearly a decade after NATO mounted air strikes to drive out Serb forces and halt the killing and ethnic cleansing of Albanians in a two-year Serb counter-insurgency campaign.  It is really unfortunate that journalists in Kosovo are still being physically attacked. Totally unacceptable in a democratic society,  the U.S. ambassador to Kosovo Greg Delawie wrote on Twitter. Human rights organization Freedom House said in its 2017 report that the media in Kosovo is  partly free . Threats against reporters  have increased in recent years. ",1
17522,Russia summons U.S. envoy over missing consular flags,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia s foreign ministry said on Friday it had summoned the U.S. Embassy charge d affaires in Moscow to protest against  what it said was the removal of Russian flags from diplomatic premises that Russia had to vacate in the United States, Russia s RIA news agency reported.  ",1
17523,Russia says Trump stance on Iran deal 'extremely troubling': RIA,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov said on Friday it was  extremely troubling  that U.S. President Donald Trump was raising questions that had been settled when an international deal on Iran s nuclear program was signed, RIA news agency reported. Ryabkov was quoted as saying that Russia sees its main task now as preventing the Iran nuclear deal from collapsing. He called on all sides to stay committed to the deal, the news agency reported. ",1
17524,Trump says he can end Iran deal if no action to fix it soon,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Friday he wants to see action to fix the flaws he sees in the Iran nuclear deal in a short period of time, adding that he could end the deal instantaneously.  We ll see what happens over the next short period of time and I can do that instantaneously,  Trump told reporters when asked why he did not choose to scrap the deal now.  I like a two-step process much better,  said Trump, who was speaking shortly after he announced he would not certify the 2015 deal, aimed at preventing Iran from developing a nuclear bomb, in a major shift in U.S. policy. ",1
17525,UNESCO selects France's Azoulay as new chief,"PARIS (Reuters) - The United Nations  cultural agency selected former French culture minister Audrey Azoulay as its new chief on Friday, handing her the keys to revive UNESCO s fortunes after the United States pulled out.  Azoulay edged Qatar s Hamad bin Abdulaziz al-Kawari after the fifth round of voting and the decision will now be put forward for approval to UNESCO s 195 members on Nov. 10. A sudden announcement on Thursday that the United States was quitting over perceived anti-Israel bias meant that whoever wins the top job would inherit a body in turmoil, with huge questions over its future funding and mission.  In this time of crisis we need more than ever to support, strengthen and reform UNESCO and not leave it,  Azoulay told reporters, saying she would modernize the organization.  If I m confirmed...the first thing I will do is to restore its credibility, restore the faith of its members and its efficiency so it can act.  Azoulay, who will replace Irina Bokova, a Bulgarian who has led the body since 2009, will have to try to restore the relevance of an agency born from the ashes of World War Two, but increasingly hobbled by regional rivalries and a lack of money.  Congratulations  France will continue to fight for science, education and culture in the world,  President Emmanuel Macron tweeted.  The 45-year-old, a former minister under President Francois Hollande, has the political background, and knows the cultural and communications  sectors well having dedicated much of her career to them. She also has the ardent backing of Macron, who had lobbied for her actively overseas during the last few months, and has made education one of his top priorities. He has also pushed for more multlilateralism at a time when the United States has pushed back. Officially known as the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, Paris-based UNESCO is best known for designating and protecting archaeological and heritage sites, from the Galapagos Islands to the tombs of Timbuktu. Most of its activities are uncontroversial, but when it comes to, say, resolutions about how religious sites should be run in Jerusalem, every word is studied for accusations of bias. The United States is meant to provide a fifth of UNESCO s funding, but had already been withholding that since 2011 when the body admitted Palestine as a full member. It announced its departure on Thursday accusing UNESCO of anti-Israeli bias. Israel itself followed.  Unfortunately, this venue has become politicized, undermining the work of UNESCO across its mandate. It s become a venue for anti-Israel bias, and unfortunately we are taking the decision to withdraw from UNESCO at this time,  U.S. charge d affaires at UNESCO, Chris Hegadorn told Reuters.  ",1
17526,"Austrian Social Democrat poll suggests late boost: source, newspaper","VIENNA (Reuters) - A new poll by Austria s Social Democrats (SPO) suggests they may be poised for a boost at parliamentary elections on Sunday after having been relegated to third place behind the conservatives and the far right in opinion polls for months. An SPO source and a report by newspaper Kurier said on Friday the Social Democrats have come within less than a handful of percentage points of the conservatives, who have been leading polls for months at around a third of the vote. The SPO and the far-right Freedom Party (FPO) have both attracted approval ratings of around a quarter, with the FPO taking second place more often than not.  We will win this, you will see,  an ebullient Christian Kern, Social Democrat Chancellor and party leader, told supporters. Whichever party wins the most votes on Sunday is likely to miss the 50-percent mark, meaning it will have to enter coalition talks. ",1
17527,U.S. House Republican McCarthy wants to fix Iran nuclear deal,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The No. 2 U.S. House of Representatives Republican, Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, said on Friday he was committed to working with President Donald Trump to fix the Iran nuclear agreement but did not advocate ending the deal. McCarthy is one of the congressional leaders allowed under a 2015 law to introduce legislation that, if passed, would have immediately reimposed U.S. sanctions on Iran s nuclear program lifted under the international nuclear accord. His comment was an indication that the Republican-controlled Congress does not intend to pursue that course. ",1
17528,"Netanyahu lauds Trump's Iran turn, sees chance to change nuclear deal","JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu congratulated U.S. President Donald Trump for his speech against Iran on Friday, seeing an opportunity to change the 2015 nuclear deal with Tehran as well as Iranian conduct in the region.  He (Trump) boldly confronted Iran s terrorist regime (and) created an opportunity to fix this bad deal, to roll back Iran s aggression and to confront its criminal support of terrorism,  Netanyahu said in a Facebook video.   ",1
17529,EU's top diplomat defends Iran deal after Trump speech,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The United States cannot unilaterally cancel the 2015 nuclear deal between Iran and world powers, EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini said on Friday in reaction to President Donald Trump s decision not to certify the accord.  We cannot afford as the international community to dismantle a nuclear agreement that is working,  said Mogherini, who chaired the final stages of the landmark talks.  This deal is not a bilateral agreement ... The international community, and the European Union with it, has clearly indicated that the deal is, and will, continue to be in place,  Mogherini told reporters. Mogherini said she spoke to U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson immediately after Trump s speech on Friday. ",1
17530,Saudi Arabia welcomes new U.S. strategy toward Iran,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia welcomed the new U.S. policy toward Iran and said lifting sanctions had allowed Iran to develop its ballistic missile program and step up its support for militant groups, state news agency SPA reported on Friday. The kingdom said Iran took advantage of additional financial revenues to support for the Lebanese Shi ite movement Hezbollah and the Houthi group in Yemen. ",1
17531,Islamic State attacks kill at least 50 in east Syria: Kurdish Red Crescent,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Islamic State suicide attackers killed at least 50 people in a triple car bomb attack on Thursday among a group of refugees in northeast Syria, a medical source in the Kurdish Red Crescent said.  A large number of people were also injured by the three car bombs set off by the attackers, the source said.  The attack took place at Abu Fas, near the border of Deir al-Zor and Hasaka provinces, said a war monitor, the Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, which said earlier that at least 18 people had been killed.  The dead included refugees fleeing the fighting in Deir al-Zor as well as members of the Kurdish Asayish security force, the Observatory reported. Syrian state television said dozens had been killed in the attack.  The jihadist group has lost swathes of its territory in both Syria and Iraq this year and is falling back on the towns and villages of the Euphrates valley southeast of Deir al-Zor. The U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces alliance of Kurdish and Arab militias is pressing it from the north and a rival offensive by the Syrian army, supported by allies including Iran and Russia, is attacking it from the west.  On Wednesday it said it carried out an attack in the capital Damascus, where three suicide bombers detonated their devices near a police headquarters, killing two people and wounding six.  Aid agencies have warned that the fighting in eastern Syria is the worst in the country this year and that air strikes have caused hundreds of civilian casualties. ",1
17532,Israeli minister says Trump speech may start war with Iran,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel s intelligence minister said U.S. President Donald Trump s speech against the 2015 international nuclear deal with Iran on Friday was  very significant  and could lead to war given threats that preceded it from Tehran. Israel s Channel 2 TV asked Intelligence Minister Israel Katz whether he saw a risk of war after Trump s speech.  Absolutely, yes. I think that the speech was very significant,  Katz responded.  Iran is the new North Korea. We see where things are goings.  ",1
17533,"Saudi Arabia welcomes Hamas, Fatah reconciliation deal","DUBAI (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia welcomed  the reconciliation of rival factions Hamas and Fatah and said it will help Palestinians to gain their legitimate rights, the state news agency SPA reported on Friday. Citing an official source in the kingdom s foreign ministry, SPA said Saudi Arabia hopes the reconciliation will  realize the brotherly Palestinian people s hope of ending divisions and achieving unity . Hamas and Fatah signed a reconciliation agreement on Thursday after Hamas agreed to hand over administrative control of Gaza, including the key Rafah border crossing, a decade after seizing the enclave in a civil war. ",1
17534,Factbox: U.S. congressional leaders on Iran nuclear deal,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump will strike a blow against the 2015 Iran nuclear agreement on Friday in defiance of other world powers, choosing not to certify that Tehran is complying with the deal in a major reversal of U.S. policy. Trump s decision will not withdraw the United States from the agreement, which was negotiated by Washington and other world powers during the administration of former President Barack Obama. The move likely gives U.S. lawmakers 60 days to decide whether to bring back sanctions on Iran that were lifted under the deal.   If Congress reimposes the sanctions, the United States would in effect be in violation of the terms of the nuclear deal and it would likely fall apart. If lawmakers do nothing, the deal remains in place. Here is a look at where key U.S. lawmakers stand on the deal:  SENATE MAJORITY LEADER MITCH MCCONNELL: Like every Republican in Congress, McConnell voted against the Iran nuclear agreement. He has not expressed a position on how he will respond to Trump s decertification, but has not yet broken from Trump on policy matters. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES SPEAKER PAUL RYAN: Has not said where he stands.  I don t want to get ahead of the president,  he said last week. HOUSE MAJORITY LEADER KEVIN MCCARTHY: Has not said what he would do. SENATE FOREIGN RELATIONS COMMITTEE CHAIRMAN BOB CORKER: Repeatedly spoke out against the agreement and wrote legislation that gave Congress some say over it. While he has questioned Trump recently on some foreign policy issues - helping spark a Twitter feud - Corker has followed the administration line on most policy matters. Corker said on Friday he expected to introduce legislation to  address flaws  in the pact without violating it.  HOUSE FOREIGN AFFAIRS COMMITTEE CHAIRMAN ED ROYCE: Royce says  As flawed as the deal is, I believe we must now enforce the hell out of it.  It was not clear how he would respond to the legislation.  SENATE MINORITY LEADER CHUCK SCHUMER: Opposed the deal two years ago but more recently says it should be left in place but strongly enforced with efforts to clamp down on other activities like Iran s ballistic missile program. HOUSE MINORITY LEADER NANCY PELOSI: Supported the original deal, still supports it. SENATE FOREIGN RELATIONS COMMITTEE TOP DEMOCRAT BEN CARDIN: Opposed the deal two years ago, but says U.S. should honor it now, while strictly enforcing it and clamping down on other Iranian activities detrimental to the interests of the United States and its allies. HOUSE FOREIGN AFFAIRS TOP DEMOCRAT ELLIOT ENGEL: Opposed the deal two years ago but said killing it now would be a  grave mistake.  Still an Iran hawk on issues such as Tehran s ballistic missile program, human rights violations and its support for what Washington sees as terrorism.           ",1
