id,title,text,label
2997,"Before leak, NSA mulled ending phone program","The National Security Agency considered abandoning its secret program to collect and store American calling records in the months before leaker Edward Snowden revealed the practice, current and former intelligence officials say, because some officials believed the costs outweighed the meager counter-terrorism benefits.

After the leak and the collective surprise around the world, NSA leaders strongly defended the phone records program to Congress and the public, but without disclosing the internal debate.

The proposal to kill the program was circulating among top managers but had not yet reached the desk of Gen. Keith Alexander, then the NSA director, according to current and former intelligence officials who would not be quoted because the details are sensitive. Two former senior NSA officials say they doubt Alexander would have approved it.

Still, the behind-the-scenes NSA concerns, which have not been reported previously, could be relevant as Congress decides whether to renew or modify the phone records collection when the law authorizing it expires in June.

The internal critics pointed out that the already high costs of vacuuming up and storing the ""to and from"" information from nearly every domestic landline call were rising, the system was not capturing most cellphone calls, and program was not central to unraveling terrorist plots, the officials said. They worried about public outrage if the program ever was revealed.

After the program was disclosed, civil liberties advocates attacked it, saying the records could give a secret intelligence agency a road map to Americans' private activities. NSA officials presented a forceful rebuttal that helped shaped public opinion.

Responding to widespread criticism, President Barack Obama in January 2014 proposed that the NSA stop collecting the records, but instead request them when needed in terrorism investigations from telephone companies, which tend to keep them for 18 months.

Yet the president has insisted that legislation is required to adopt his proposal, and Congress has not acted. So the NSA continues to collect and store records of private U.S. phone calls for use in terrorism investigations under Section 215 of the Patriot Act. Many lawmakers want the program to continue as is.

Alexander argued that the program was an essential tool because it allows the FBI and the NSA to hunt for domestic plots by searching American calling records against phone numbers associated with international terrorists. He and other NSA officials support Obama's plan to let the phone companies keep the data, as long as the government quickly can search it.

Civil liberties activists say it was never a good idea to allow a secret intelligence agency to store records of Americans' private phone calls, and some are not sure the government should search them in bulk.  They say government can point to only a single domestic terrorism defendant who was implicated by a phone records search under the program, a San Diego taxi driver who was convicted of raising $15,000 for a Somali terrorist group.

Some fault NSA for failing to disclose the internal debate about the program.

""This is consistent with our experience with the intelligence community,"" said Rep. Justin Amash, R-Mich. ""Even when we have classified briefings, it's like a game of 20 questions and we can't get to the bottom of anything.""

The proposal to halt phone records collection that was circulating in 2013 was separate from a 2009 examination of the program by NSA, sparked by objections from a senior NSA official, reported in November by The Associated Press. In that case, a senior NSA code breaker learned about the program and concluded it was wrong for the agency to collect and store American records. The NSA enlisted the Justice Department in an examination of whether the search function could be preserved with the records stores by the phone companies.

That would not work without a change in the law, the review concluded. Alexander, who retired in March 2014, opted to continue the program as is.

But the internal debate continued, current and former officials say, and critics within the NSA pressed their case against the program. To them, the program had become an expensive insurance policy with an increasing number of loopholes, given the lack of mobile data. They also knew it would be deeply controversial if made public.

By 2013, some NSA officials were ready to stop the bulk collection even though they knew they would lose the ability to search a database of U.S. calling records. As always, the FBI still would be able to obtain the phone records of suspects through a court order.

There was a precedent for ending collection cold turkey. Two years earlier, the NSA cited similar cost-benefit calculations when it stopped another secret program under which it was collecting Americans' email metadata -- information showing who was communicating with whom, but not the content of the messages.  That decision was made public via the Snowden leaks.

Alexander believed that the FBI and the NSA were still getting crucial value out of the phone records program, in contrast to the email records program, former NSA officials say.

After the Snowden leaks, independent experts who looked at the program didn't agree. A presidential task force examined NSA surveillance and recommended ending the phone records collection, saying it posed unacceptable privacy risks while doing little if anything to stop terrorism. The task force included Michael Morell, a former deputy CIA director, and Richard Clarke, a former White House counter terrorism adviser.

""We cannot discount the risk, in light of the lessons of our own history, that at some point in the future, high-level government officials will decide that this massive database of extraordinarily sensitive private information is there for the plucking,"" the report said. Times, dates and numbers called can provide a window into a person's activities and connections.

A separate inquiry by the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board concluded the same thing.

David Medine, chairman of that board, said the concerns raised internally by NSA officials were the same as theirs, yet when NSA officials came before the privacy board, they ""put on a pretty strong defense for the program. Except their success stories didn't pan out,"" he said.",1
2151,Report: Solar industry added jobs 20 times faster than the national average last year,"A new report from the Solar Foundation has found that the solar industry added jobs almost 20 times faster than the national average last year, adding over 31,000 jobs in the sector between Nov. 2013 and Nov. 2014. In the last five years, the number of people employed in the solar industry also grew by 87 percent, from 93,000 jobs to 173,807.

Almost 90 percent of jobs added in the sector were in installation, meaning that more and more Americans are opting for the power source, thanks to falling prices and various financing options.

“That has made it a no-brainer for a lot of people to go solar,” said Andrea Luecke, executive director of the Solar Foundation, in an interview with the Washington Post. “If you can get solar installed on your roof for zero down and pay less than what you’re currently paying your utility and not have to worry about maintenance, it’s a pretty easy sell.”

According to the report, the solar installation sector beat out the oil and gas pipeline construction industry and the crude oil and natural gas extraction industry in 2014, creating almost 50 percent more jobs than those industries did. The report also expects solar jobs to continue to grow in 2015, predicting that more than 36,000 jobs will be added over the next 12 months. Overall, the report found that one out of every 78 jobs created in the U.S. last year were related to solar.

Still, the boom may not last forever–installation’s growing efficiency means that the industry expects a slowdown in growth in 2017. “Solar power is a key component of our all-of-the-above approach to American energy, creating good-paying American jobs that support our growing clean energy economy,” said Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz in a statement. “This diverse and vibrant workforce is vital to achieving the President’s goal of doubling electricity generation from renewable sources yet again by 2020.”",1
2169,The teachable moment of Saudi Arabia’s economic threat against the United States,"Back in the early days of the Great Recession, there was a lot of foreign policy pundit panic that China would somehow use its holdings of American debt as an economic lever to force Washington to kowtow to Beijing. Also back in those early days, I argued that this was nonsense. Seven years later, I like to occasionally bring up this fact, mostly because it’s one of the rare times I think I was unequivocally right.

Today, however, I’m bringing it up because we’ve just witnessed Saudi Arabia exercise a weak echo of that gambit. The New York Times’ Mark Mazzetti reported late last week that the Saudi government has warned U.S. officials about the economic repercussions of a bill moving through Congress:

Saudi Arabia has told the Obama administration and members of Congress that it will sell off hundreds of billions of dollars’ worth of American assets held by the kingdom if Congress passes a bill that would allow the Saudi government to be held responsible in American courts for any role in the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks. The Obama administration has lobbied Congress to block the bill’s passage, according to administration officials and congressional aides from both parties, and the Saudi threats have been the subject of intense discussions in recent weeks between lawmakers and officials from the State Department and the Pentagon. The officials have warned senators of diplomatic and economic fallout from the legislation.

The Los Angeles Times’ Michael Hiltzik provides some useful context behind Saudi concerns:

Since the Saudis long have been suspected of complicity in the attacks, it’s fair to say they’re the prime target of the legislation. But the Saudis’ immediate concern is that their U.S.-based assets could be frozen by a court for the lengthy period it would take for lawsuits for damages to make their way through the judicial system. That makes their representation about U.S. assets look a bit less like a threat than an expression of defensive strategy.

Regardless of the Saudi threat, the Obama administration’s resistance to this bill makes a bit more sense.

What’s interesting about all of this has been the American reaction to the revelation of the Saudi economic threat. Seven years ago, all China had to do was clear its throat on the matter and there were paroxysms of news coverage about threats to the U.S. economy.

This time around, there has been some minor hand-wringing, but most of the analyses have echoed what the New York Times’ Binyamin Appelbaum wrote about the threat:

If Saudi Arabia follows through on its recent threat to sell off its investments in the United States, the financial maneuver could be painful — mostly for Saudi Arabia…. Such a fire sale might roil financial markets or cause problems for companies that lost funding, but experts say it is hard to imagine a significant or lasting impact on the American economy. Global investors continue to shovel money into the United States; if the Saudis go, the experts say, others will take their place.

To elaborate a bit more, the current Saudi threat is way weaker than the implicit Chinese threat of seven years ago, because:

The one difference in the Saudis’ favor is that the kingdom is a U.S. ally, while China is viewed as a rival. This helps explain the administration’s position on this issue (though I suspect its concern is about the precedent this bill would set if it became law). The thing is, recent Obama interviews and news stories highlight the ways in which these ties are fraying. And the very fact that this threat got publicized is not going to improve U.S. attitudes toward Riyadh.

No, the most interesting thing about the revelation of this threat has been the lack of pundit panic in Washington. If anything, the response has been either a shrug of the shoulders or an insistence on calling the Saudi bluff.

Maybe this is just the fact that memories of 9/11 trump appraisals of economic statecraft. Or maybe, just maybe, Washington has learned not to panic as much about these kinds of empty threats.",1
3056,This astonishing chart shows how moderate Republicans are an endangered species,"Political scientists have known for years that political polarization is largely a one-sided phenomenon: in recent decades the Republican Party has moved to the right much faster than Democrats have moved to the left. As Thomas Mann of the Brookings Institution has described it, ""Republicans have become a radical insurgency—ideologically extreme, contemptuous of the inherited policy regime, scornful of compromise, unpersuaded by conventional understanding of facts, evidence, and science; and dismissive of the legitimacy of their political opposition.""

The data backing this claim up are pretty solid. The most widely-used measure of political polarization, a score of ideology based on voting developed by Kenneth Poole and Howard Rosenthal, has shown that the Republicans in the Senate and especially the House have drifted away from the center far more rapidly than Democrats. The chart below, taken from the most recent slice of their data released just last month, illustrate this pretty clearly:

Right around 1975, the Republican party sharply turned away from the center line and hasn't looked back. The Democrats have been drifting away from the center too, but nowhere near as quickly.

Every once in awhile an op-ed writer will come along and make a qualitative argument along the lines of ""no, really, it's the Democrats who are polarizing!"" Peter Wehner, a former official in three previous Republican presidential administrations, did just that in the pages of the New York Times last week. His argument amounts to the notion that since President Obama has pursued some policies that are more liberal than Bill Clinton's, ""the Democratic Party has moved substantially further to the left than the Republican Party has shifted to the right.""

Well, no -- just look at the chart above! Here's another way of looking at it: How many moderates are in each party? Here's another interesting chart from the Poole-Rosenthal data, showing the number of House members in each party who are not centrists -- that is, whose ideological scores put them on the more extreme ends of the partisan scale.

As you can see, in the most recent Congress nearly 90 percent of Republican House members are not politically moderate. By contrast, 90 percent of Democratic members are moderates. It's quite difficult to square a chart like this with a claim that Democrats are abandoning the center faster than Republicans. As the chart shows, there are plenty of centrist Democrats left in the House -- but hardly any centrist Republicans.

It's worth pointing out that none of this is happening in a vacuum -- House Republicans are become more extreme because Republican voters are electing more extreme candidates. We see many of these same patterns playing out among the electorate as well, as a massive Pew Research Study demonstrated last year.",1
1634,The wingnut myth that refuses to die: The one simple reason why there’s no “liberal media conspiracy”,"Of course, the GOP candidates who were most vocal about the supposed media bias were really just using it to dodge substantive questions and get easy applauses from the partisan crowd. As Charles Pierce puts it in Esquire:

When confronted about his voting record in the Senate, Marco Rubio (R-FL) was quick to call out the media bias, after mentioning that President Obama had an abysmal voting record during his campaign as well. “This is another example of the double standard that exists in this country between the mainstream media and the conservatives,” he said, to a crowd of cheering conservatives. He even went on to say that Clinton has her very own super PAC in the mainstream media, a point that may have very well won the debate for the young conservative.

Seeing the advantage in attacking the much-loathed media, Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX) responded to a question on whether his opposition to compromise on the debt limit shows he is not a “problem solver.”

“The questions that have been asked so far in this debate illustrate why the American people don’t trust the media,” said Cruz, who would use his time to trash the moderators instead of answering the question, “This is not a cage match.” He went on to mock the Democratic debate as a battle between the “Mensheviks and Bolsheviks,” which seems to imply that the media is not only liberal, but communist.

So, is the mainstream media really left-wing, or even liberal, as those on the right love to claim?

First of all, it should be noted that the real world tends to have a liberal bias — at least what Cruz considers a liberal bias. Take climate change, for example. The fact that the climate is warming because of human activity is a completely uncontroversial notion; it is happening, and the vast majority of scientists agree that it will be catastrophic for humanity if nothing is done very soon. That the mainstream media does not contest the issue of climate change, or claim that it is some giant left-wing conspiracy, does not prove it is liberal, but that it is operating in reality. Cruz does not operate in reality, and believes climate change (i.e. science) is a “religion.” But just because Cruz believes this, or his deranged father, Rafael, believes that evolution is a communist lie, does not mean that evolutionary biologists are communists or that climate scientists are religious fanatics — it means that Rafael Cruz and his son are delusional.

Now, before considering whether the mainstream media is really left-wing, one should look at who owns the media. Consider this: In 1983, 90 percent of American media was owned by 50 companies, and by 2011, that number had fallen to six companies: CBS, Time Warner, Viacom, News Corp, Disney and GE, which subsequently sold its media holding, NBC Universal, to cable giant Comcast (which would, in turn, later try to merge with Time Warner Cable, although that deal eventually fell apart).

Thus, the media at large has one crucial goal: to make a profit. Not to serve the public, but to make money by selling advertisement spots to other corporations, whether they are selling new cars or tech products or pointless new drugs. All of this profit-making hardly sounds like the socialist media that Republicans would have everyone believe.

One has to look no further than the coverage of Donald Trump to see this strategy in action. The Donald and the media have been feeding off of each other over the past few months. Trump loves the attention, and the media loves the “Yooge” ratings that he brings. (The higher the ratings, the more the network can charge for advertising or subscriptions.) CNN, for example, has covered Trump as if he were a natural disaster, and even bumped a 1oth anniversary special for Hurricane Katrina to cover one of Trump’s rambling campaign events.

Now consider the media coverage of the democratic socialist Bernie Sanders, who has drawn massive crowds to his campaign events and last month broke a fundraising record. The media largely ignored Sanders, and when it finally came around, after his popularity and poll numbers were too big to ignore, the coverage was full of bias and mischaracterization. As Rima Regas writes in Alternet: “The most harmful way anti-Sanders media bias has been manifested is by omission. In this respect, the New York Times is joined by the vast majority of the mainstream media in not typically reporting on Sanders, especially on policy. Overall there is a version of a “wall of silence” built by the media when it comes to serious reporting and analysis of his policies; or when analyzing or reporting on the policies of his opponents, a failure to mention Sanders’ in contrast, especially when his is the more progressive position.” Why would the media, if it were so left-wing, be so active in its coverage of a right-wing populist like Trump, and so quiet in its coverage of Sanders? The reality is, of course, that the corporate media (a much more appropriate term than mainstream media) is not left-wing. Now, many conservatives argue that the majority of journalists support the Democratic party, which is true. But what does this prove? As Noam Chomsky (a real leftist) has previously pointed out: “You could find that 99% of the journalists are members of the Socialist Workers Party, or some Maoist group, and that in itself would prove nothing about the media output. The issue is whether the media are free; are the media by their institutional structure free, to allow expression of opinion from whatever source, looking at any topic. If it turned out that 80% of the journalists were from one faction of the business party rather than another faction of the business party, would that tell you anything?” Anyone who knows the history of left-wing politics understands that the media at large is not at all left-wing, but centrist at best. Again, just because the media lives in reality and does not dispute climate change, doesn’t mean that it is liberal, but that the conservative faction of the GOP has become increasingly delusional in its extremism. The corporate media runs for a profit, and wouldn’t dare advocate any true socialist policies that woulds inflict pain on its business model. Sure, the media at large supports issues like gay marriage — but again, what does this prove? Is it a plot to destroy America, as Ted Cruz’s cheerful father believes, or is it because America at large is becoming more socially tolerant? Rubio and Cruz did well for themselves in bashing the abhorred media, but what does CNBC care, the ratings were great (though significantly lower than the first two debates), and the network made $250,000 for each 30 second commercial. And this, my fellow comrades, is what the corporate media is all about. Watch the candidates avoid answering debate questions by ripping into “liberal media”",1
1943,Dems’ scary electoral future: Why the progressive sales pitch is getting harder,"In the run-up to the 2016 election, Republicans are trying to position themselves as the party of the middle class. In a recent essay, Thomas Edsall writes, “The Republican appropriation of leftist populist rhetoric (and even policies) poses a significant threat to liberal prospects in 2016.” It may well work, but not because Republicans are in fact reformist, but rather because voters and pundits eschew data and instead focus on rhetoric. When it comes to actual empirical evidence, the answer is indisputable: Democrats preside over far more income growth for the middle class than Republicans.

Princeton University’s Larry Bartels has two studies on politics and income distribution, and together they encompass almost a century. His finding: under Republicans, the poor and middle class see almost no income growth, while under Democrats, they see dramatic growth (see charts). As he notes elsewhere, even after numerous controls, these partisan differences remain. “Every Republican president in the past 60 years has presided over increasing income inequality, including Dwight Eisenhower in the midst of the ‘Great Compression’ of the post-war decades,” Bartels writes. “And every Democratic president except one (Jimmy Carter) has presided over decreasing or stable inequality.”

In another recent study, Alan Blinder and Mark Watson find that on a number of economic indicators, the country fares far better when a Democrat is in office. GDP growth is 1.8 point higher under a Democratic presidency, unemployment is lower, corporate profits are higher, the S&P grows faster and wages grow faster. This difference is not found in other countries, suggesting that the particularly rabid nature of American conservatism may be an important factor. It could also be that the effect is purely luck (although there is evidence to suggest that left-wing governments can facilitate growth). But the fact that the economy grows faster under Democrats is not enough to explain why the middle-class fares better. As the chart below shows, much of the distribution leg-work occurs after taxes and transfers. This isn’t to say Democrats don’t shape the pre-tax distribution (they do), but rather that simple differences in market distributions of income can’t explain the difference.

As John B. Judis argued — contrary to his seminal proposition of an “Emerging Democratic Majority”  — the future now belongs to the Republican party. It’s increasingly likely that Democrats will continue to have a slight advantage in the electoral college, but struggle elsewhere, for reasons I’ve previously discussed. So, while Judis’ thesis that middle-class whites are dramatically shifting right is contestable, he raises an important point: Middle-class Americans like services but dislike taxes, and Democrats currently appear to be the party of taxes. And so, the struggle for Democrats is what Suzanne Mettler refers to as the “submerged state.” That is, the way the government actually benefits the middle class often goes unseen, while taxes, particularly the income tax, are very obvious. Mettler notes that our federal tax code is full of handouts like the Mortgage Interest Deduction, but these tax benefits primarily benefit the affluent and middle class. “Our government is integrally intertwined with everyday life from healthcare to housing, but in forms that often elude our vision,” she argues.

The implication is that many people who believe themselves independent of government support in fact rely heavily on it. The Congressional Budget Office estimates that the 10 largest tax breaks cost the government $900 billion in 2013. But the benefits accrue to the wealthy: The top 1 percent gets 17 percent of the benefits and the bottom quintile only 8 percent. As the New York Times reported in 2012,

As Christopher Howard notes in his book, “The Hidden Welfare State,” “There is, still, a misconception that U.S. social programs primarily benefit the poor. That is not true for the visible welfare state direct expenditures, and it is an absurd claim to make about the hidden welfare state.”

As the political science literature shows persuasively, Democrats are far better for economic growth, and particularly middle-class and poor income growth, than Republicans. Yet even liberal commentators often fail to notice this. (Kevin Drum, for example, argues that “Democrats simply don’t consistently support concrete policies that help the broad working and middle classes.”) By focusing on major policies, these critics miss what Nathan Kelly calls, “market conditioning,” or the ways in which left-leaning governments shift market distributions through regulation, monetary and fiscal policy and other non-explicitly redistributive functions. In fact, there is a strong literature showing that parties on the left shift the income distribution. One notable example: While conservatives savagely attack unions, which dramatically shift the income distribution, while Democrats leave them alone. Further, Democrats tend to favor expansionary economic policies, while Republicans try to clamp down on inflation — which primarily benefits the rich. A cross-country study by Isa Camyar finds that firms perform better under left-wing governments because such governments spend more money on public fixed investment. This will naturally lead to higher wages. And while the real value of the minimum wage has increased 16 cents a year under Democratic presidents, it has decreased by 6 cents per year under Republicans. Liberal governments also do more to reduce unemployment, which is significant for earnings at the bottom of the income distribution. So, while there is evidence that the in the era of globalization and finance, liberal parties can’t do as much to impact the distribution of income, it is nonetheless clear that liberals matter, as Bartel’s recent data extend to 2012. On the other hand, the conservative premise — that inequality will increase growth and thereby benefit the poor and middle class — has been so thoroughly demolished that it can’t be stated with a straight face. A large body of empirical literature suggests that massive tax cuts for top earners do little but increase incomes at the top. Branko Milanovic and Roy van der Weide find, “high levels of inequality reduce the income growth of the poor and, if anything, help the growth of the rich.” Dan Andrew, Christopher Jencks and Andrew Leigh find that whatever modest effect that inequality has on growth is mitigated by the impact of inequality on the bottom. Intelligent conservative commentators have essentially surrendered the supply-side debate. It’s clear a Democratic Party is better for middle- and low-income growth. However, while it’s entirely mythological that the poor tend to vote Republican, it is still true that Democrats have trouble with the white middle class. An important reason for this is that Democrats are often seen as the party that benefits the poor, particularly poor black Americans. My investigation of ANES data shows this phenomenon in action: Whites are opposed to welfare, but support helping the poor (see chart). A large literature shows that opposition to welfare and government is driven by racial animus. To this day, the historical portion of slaves in a county predicts Republican support and racial resentment. Because of our strange political system, middle-class white Americans can therefore believe that the government only takes from them and only helps black Americans. In fact, government programs frequently exclude people of color, and those that do benefit them are always on the chopping block. Whites, particularly Southern whites, often oppose programs that would help them simply to ensure that people of color remain in abject poverty. They see the bad parts of government in the form of taxes, but their welfare is hidden in a maze of subsidies. If you had to collect the mortgage interest deduction at the welfare office, Democrats would never lose another election.",1
1762,OnPolitics | 's politics blog,"Who has Trump appointed to his cabinet so far?

Donald Trump added three new men to his list of cabinet picks Friday. Get to know them.",1
1976,"Poll: With 2016 approaching, Clinton maintains advantages","Washington (CNN) Hillary Clinton continues to be a dominant force heading into the 2016 presidential election, according to a new CNN/ORC poll . The former secretary of state maintains a broad lead over the field of potential Democratic challengers she could face in a nomination contest and sizable advantages over the leading contenders from the Republican side in general election match-ups.

But none of the top candidates in this field gets within 10 points of Hillary Clinton in a series of hypothetical general election matchups.

Rand Paul comes closest, with 43% saying they'd be more likely to back him while 54% choose Clinton. The two candidates who currently top the GOP field, Bush and Walker, match up equally against Clinton, with each carrying 40% to her 55%. Huckabee gets 41% to Clinton's 55% and Carson has 40% to Clinton's 56%.

Should Warren decide not to get into the race, Clinton stands to benefit more than others, gaining 5 points and holding a 67% to 16% advantage over Biden when Warren's backers are re-allocated to their second-choice candidate. Notably, with Warren out of the race, Clinton surges from 67% support to 74% among Democratic women.

And Democrats broadly believe the party's chances to hold the White House in 2016 are strongest with Clinton; 68% say so, while 30% say the party would have a better shot with someone else leading the ticket.

Though Clinton's favorability rating has taken a hit recently, her prospects in 2016 appear largely unchanged compared to polls conducted before news broke about her use of a personal email address and home-based server while serving as secretary of state.

On the Republican side, Bush leads the pack with 16%, Walker follows at 13%, Paul nearly matches him at 12% and Huckabee holds 10% support. Huckabee's backing has dipped significantly since February, from 16% to 10%, while the others near the top have generally held steady. In single digits, Carson holds 9%, New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie has 7%, and Florida Sen. Marco Rubio has 7%. The rest of the field lands below 5%, including 2012 candidates Rick Santorum at 1% and Rick Perry at 4%.

Some interesting demographic trends emerge in the GOP numbers: There is something of a gender gap in preferences, with both Walker (17% among men, 9% among women) and Paul (16% among men, 7% among women) doing significantly better with men than women. Younger Republicans are more likely to back Paul than older ones (he has 17% support among Republicans under 50, just 7% among older Republicans).

Bush's backing generally holds steady across demographic divides, but he fares better among self-identified Republicans (22%) than independents who lean toward the party (10%), while Paul outperforms among independents (17% compared with 7% among self-identified Republicans).

Yet many of the GOP's strongest contenders remain largely unknown. Majorities of Americans haven't yet formed opinions about Scott Walker (58%) or Ben Carson (64%), and about half haven't heard of or don't know about Marco Rubio (48%).

Even the best known Republican contender, Jeb Bush, prompts nearly a quarter of Americans to say they're not sure how they feel about him (23%). Republicans themselves have heard a bit more about their party's top potential candidates, but only one merits a majority favorable rating among Republicans and Republican-leaning independents: Mike Huckabee at 57% favorable.

The CNN/ORC International poll was conducted by telephone March 13-15 and included interviews with 1,009 adult Americans. For results among the full sample, the margin of sampling error is plus or minus 3 percentage points. For results among the 450 Republicans or Republican-leaning independents, or among the 466 Democrats or Democratic-leaning independents, it is 4.5 points.",1
4585,"Facebook is full of fake news stories. On Election Day, don’t fall for them.","A public service announcement from your friends here at Vox: There will be an enormous amount of false information on Facebook, the internet, and TV this Election Day. Do yourself (and the country) a favor and ignore it.

Politicians have always played fast and loose with the truth, cable news networks have always gotten stories wrong, and the internet has always been a place for conspiracy theories and misleading stories and photos.

But the 2016 campaign has seen an unprecedented increase in the sheer number of false news stories being shared on Facebook or posted to genuine-looking but entirely fake news sites run by tech-savvy young people looking to make some money off this long and bitter election.

Take the Denver Guardian, which earlier this month ran a story with the attention-grabbing headline “FBI AGENT SUSPECTED IN HILLARY EMAIL LEAKS FOUND DEAD IN APPARENT MURDER-SUICIDE.” The article ricocheted across Facebook and gained tens of thousands of shares despite the fact that there is no such thing as the “Denver Guardian” and that the “story” in question is a complete fabrication.

It’s a dynamic that deeply concerns President Barack Obama, arguably the savviest user of social media in American political history — and the politician who has been targeted in the majority of Facebook’s most paranoid, conspiracy-minded, and outright racist viral posts.

“As long as it’s on Facebook…people start believing it,” he said during a campaign stop in Ann Arbor, Michigan, on Monday. “It creates this dust cloud of nonsense.""

To make matters even dicier, many current and former US officials believe that Russia may try to deliberately spread false information on Election Day to make would-be Hillary Clinton voters stay home or simply to shake overall confidence in the American political system.

All of which means that if you see or read something on Election Day that appears too dramatic to be true, there’s probably a good and simple reason: It isn’t.

In November 2012, Fox News aired a video clip showing a member of the Black Panthers standing outside a polling station in Philadelphia. It was a single person at a single polling station in a heavily black, heavily Democratic area, but Fox anchors strongly suggested that it was part of a broader pattern of voter intimidation by militants determined to stop then-GOP nominee Mitt Romney. The segment was rebroadcast frequently throughout the day.

Flash-forward four years. It’s certainly possible that Fox News — or a left-leaning station like MSNBC — will find a similar type of clip and present it in a way that is deliberately misleading.

Amazingly, though, that could literally be the least of our problems. A much bigger concern is the proliferation of entirely fake news sites with entirely fake stories, often operated by tech-savvy entrepreneurs living overseas.

A BuzzFeed article earlier this month found that young people in the Macedonian town of Veles (population 45,000) had created more than 140 pro-Trump news sites running posts every day that “are aggregated, or completely plagiarized, from fringe and right-wing sites in the US.”

To take one example from the story, a website called ConservativeState posted an article with the headline “Hillary Clinton In 2013: ‘I Would Like to See People Like Donald Trump Run for Office; They’re Honest and Can’t Be Bought.’”

The story was a complete fabrication, but it immediately went viral, racking up more than 480,000 shares, reactions, and comments on Facebook in less than a week. By contrast, BuzzFeed noted that the New York Times bombshell revealing that Trump had declared a $916 million loss on his 1995 income tax returns drew a comparatively small 175,000 Facebook interactions over an entire month.

That kind of traffic is lucrative business for the Macedonians, some of whom told BuzzFeed that they made up to $5,000 per month pushing information they knew to be untrue.

“Yes, the info in the blogs is bad, false, and misleading,” one of these youngsters told BuzzFeed. “But the rationale is that ‘if it gets the people to click on it and engage, then use it.’”

Trump is also getting a boost from paid trolls in Russia who pretend to be American on multiple social media accounts that they use to make pro-Trump comments on traditional publications like the New York Times as well as on Facebook and Twitter. The lies and false information often gets parroted by both conservative news outlets like Fox News and Trump himself.

“Are Russian trolls to blame for that?” a female troll asked comedian Samantha Bee. “Maybe people are to blame too. They’re lazy and believe everything they read.”

The bitter race between Clinton and Trump may end up being the kind of excruciatingly close race where small pockets of voters in key states ultimately decide our next president. That makes dirty tricks like recent ads wrongly telling Clinton supporters that they could vote by text all the more dangerous.

As the Washington Post reported, the fake ads circulated on Twitter with the exact fonts and imagery used in real Clinton campaign materials. They told Clinton backers that they could “save time” and “vote from home” by texting her name to a five-digit phone number. One English-language ad read, “Vote early. Text ‘Hillary’ to 59925.” Another was written entirely in Spanish.

They were lies, of course. You can vote by mail or in person, but you most definitely cannot do it by texting Clinton’s first name to a random phone number. It’s unclear how many would-be Clinton voters fell into the trap, or who specifically was responsible for setting it. But in a race where every vote matters, the fake ads could easily have real impact.

And that’s the biggest thing to keep in mind on Election Day. Facebook’s enormous reach means that lies and distortions — regardless of whether they come from GOP dirty tricksters, partisan journalists, paid trolls in Russia, or money-seeking entrepreneurs in Macedonia — can genuinely impact the outcome of the campaign. Be careful with what you read, be careful with what you retweet, and be careful with what you share on Facebook. There are bad actors out there hoping to mess with our election. Don’t make it easier for them.",1
845,"Why now, John Kasich?","On Wednesday, after defeat in Indiana, John Kasich is announcing he is suspending his campaign.

Which raises the question: Why?

Why now? What changed?

It was not as though he was ever winning. Losing Indiana seemed like a classic Kasich move. I thought his whole strategy was: “Win Ohio, and then just sort of amble along the campaign trail until the convention, at which point some kind of miracle will occur.”

That was even what his ads suggested! They bordered on the fantastical. They were all missing several key steps. He appeared to be running a full “South Park” Underpants Gnome strategy (“Phase One, Collect Underpants. Phase Two, ?, Phase Three, Profit”) with a big question mark hanging high in the sky until the convention.

“John Kasich is the nominee,” his PAC’s ads ran, “because [mumble mumble].” This, I thought, was the plan. Somehow, out of a clear blue sky, everyone was supposed to wake up and realize what was going on, and do the right thing.

This was already a science fiction premise.

I thought “oblivious” was the strategy. I thought this was the campaign equivalent of a filibuster, where you just keep going until everyone around you is exhausted and succumbs.

Was he not doing this on purpose?

He kept pointing out that he was good enough and smart enough and, durn it, people liked him, especially in counterfactual scenarios. The theme of the Kasich campaign was the sound of one hand hypothetically clapping. (Not to be confused with the Jeb! campaign, the sound of one hand forgetting to clap.) He was a particular favorite of hypothetical voters in a hypothetical general. Unfortunately, these days, hypothetical voters are not enough.

Still, I thought that he was supposed to continue along on the Road Runner principle where, if you never look down, you never notice that you are running basically unsupported and can coast on to victory. You don’t need supporters as long as people basically don’t mind that you are sticking around.

As Donald Trump kept pointing out, the percentage of states Kasich won got smaller and smaller with each new state added to the total. What was keeping him in the race?

The dream of a contested convention? Look, the odds that, if Trump failed to get 1,237 delegates, those who made it to the floor would wind up choosing Kasich were only marginally better than the odds that Trump reached 1,237 delegates and they miraculously picked Kasich anyhow. “Some miracle occurs” was always an integral part of the Kasich strategy. Why not stay, just in case?

When you are the last thing standing between the GOP and Trump is not the time to suddenly remember how this is supposed to work.",1
222,House approves Syrian refugees bill,Top Dems want White House to call off Part B demo — The next cancer drug shortage,1
4300,Round 2: GOP rivals try to ding Trump at debate – front-runner hits back,"Donald Trump once again found himself the lightning rod of the Republican presidential race Wednesday, as he tangled with a debate stage full of rivals trying to position themselves as the best alternative to the GOP front-runner.

The second Republican primary debate veered into serious policy territory – covering everything from Iran to Russia to Planned Parenthood to immigration. But, at times to the visible frustration of candidates trying to stick to those issues, few segments passed without a sparring session between Trump and one of his opponents. Almost every time, Trump hit back – and it was unclear whether any candidate would be able to dent his front-runner status.

The candidate perhaps most eager to knock the billionaire businessman down a peg was former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush, who lost his lead to Trump over the summer. Repeatedly, Bush challenged Trump on his record and past comments.

He told Trump to apologize to his wife for suggesting her being from Mexico makes Bush more sympathetic to Mexicans – Trump refused.

He accused Trump of once giving him money as he sought casino gambling, unsuccessfully, in Florida.

Trump denied it, and when Bush criticized Trump for bragging about demanding Hillary Clinton attend his wedding, Trump teased him, saying: “More energy tonight, I like that.” (Bush answered back at the end of the debate – asked what his Secret Service codename would be, Bush said, “Very High Energy, Donald,” and the two shared a high-five.)

“It was such a disaster those last few months that Abraham Lincoln couldn’t have been elected,” Trump said.

Bush responded that his brother “kept us safe.” Trump answered, “You feel safe right now?”

Some of the most heated exchanges at the CNN debate also came between Trump and former HP CEO Carly Fiorina, both business leaders.

After Trump called her former company a “disaster,” she cited his repeated bankruptcy filings and questioned why America should trust him to manage its finances.

New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie interjected and said middle-class Americans “could care less about your careers.” He told the two to “stop this childish back and forth.”

Fiorina also got her chance at the debate to respond to Trump’s controversial jab at her, where in a magazine article he said: “Look at that face – would anyone vote for that?”

Asked to respond, she said, “I think women all over this country heard very clearly what Mr. Trump said.”

Fiorina received loud applause for the line, and Trump added, “I think she’s got a beautiful face, and I think she’s a beautiful woman.”

Despite all the attention on Trump, his dominant lead in the polls means his rivals may be battling at this stage for runner-up, for now.

Retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson currently holds that status after vaulting into second place in the polls – yet was able to avoid the fray for most of Wednesday’s debate.

He took one light-hearted jab at Trump, after Trump discussed his views on vaccines and said there are cases of children getting sick – and having autism – after getting them.

Asked about Trump’s medical opinion, Carson said, “He’s an okay doctor” – in reference to a comment Trump recently made about him. Carson went on to say there’s no documented association between autism and vaccines, but doctors are probably giving too many vaccines in a short period of time.

After the exchange about George W. Bush, Carson also noted that he did not want Bush to “go to war” in Iraq. He added that radical jihadists now are an “existential threat to our nation” and leaders can’t “put our heads in the sand.”

Aside from the sparring with Trump, the candidates did have a chance to stake out their positions on a range of policy issues.

Fiorina, in an impassioned moment in the debate, appealed to Congress to defund Planned Parenthood following videos exposing organ harvesting from aborted fetuses.

“This is about the character of our nation. And if we will not stand up and force President Obama to veto this bill, shame on us,” she said.

Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee slammed a federal judge for temporarily jailing Kentucky clerk Kim Davis, saying the U.S. has made religious “accommodations” for Guantanamo detainees and the Fort Hood shooter, but Davis is facing a “criminalization of her faith.”

And Texas Sen. Ted Cruz said of the agreement with Tehran, “I will rip to shreds this catastrophic Iranian nuclear deal.”

Ohio Gov. John Kasich urged against going that far.

Florida Sen. Marco Rubio also focused on foreign policy, warning about China’s military build-up, and “gangsters in Moscow” meddling on the world stage.

On this, Rubio challenged Trump’s global affairs knowledge. Trump vowed, “I will know more about the problems of this world” as president. And he criticized Rubio for missing votes.

Trump’s fitness to be commander-in-chief was a common theme for his rivals.

Fiorina said, when asked if she’s comfortable with Trump controlling America’s nuclear weapons: “I think Mr. Trump is a wonderful entertainer.” She said “judgment” and “temperament” will be revealed “over time and under pressure” in the race.

Trump answered: “I may be an entertainer. … but I will tell you this. What I am far and away greater than an entertainer is a businessman.”

Trump also went after Sen. Rand Paul, saying he shouldn’t even be on the stage.

“There’s a sophomoric quality that is entertaining about Mr. Trump,” Paul answered, but he added he’s concerned about him being in charge of nuclear weapons. Paul chastised Trump for his “visceral response,” including attacking people on their appearance which he likened to “junior high.”

Trump said he never did that to Paul, quipping: “Believe me there’s plenty of subject matter right there.”

Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker also zinged Trump, saying: “We don’t need an apprentice in the White House. We have one right now.”

Walker and Bush have both seen their polling numbers drop in recent weeks as Trump, and now Carson, have risen. Walker is trying to refocus his campaign on his record as governor, and record battling labor unions; the latter issue did not surface much during Wednesday’s debate, though. In his closing remarks, Walked vowed that as a leader, “I won’t back down any day, any way, anyhow.”

An unexpected clash also broke out at the end, when Paul made a veiled reference to Bush having smoked marijuana years ago as Paul challenged federal marijuana policy.

Bush acknowledged Paul was talking about him and said: “40 years ago, I smoked marijuana, and I admit it.”

Paul then claimed people with “privilege” don’t go to jail for marijuana, but others do.

The main stage at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library in Simi Valley, Calif., Wednesday night featured the 11 top-polling candidates. It followed an earlier undercard debate of four lower-polling candidates.

Fiorina, while rising in the polls, is still averaging just over 3 percent nationally, according to RealClearPolitics. Bush, once the front-runner, is at about 8 percent. Walker is down to 3 percent. Cruz and Rubio remain in the middle of the pack, trailing slightly behind Bush.

But with Carson and Trump attracting the support of roughly half of primary voters, the other 14 candidates are fighting for relative scraps. Trump’s national lead now tops 30 percent.

At the earlier undercard debate, Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-S.C., tangled often with his GOP rivals, positioning himself as an experienced, practical lawmaker not beholden to conservative activist causes. He focused squarely on the need to defeat radical Islamic terrorists, while Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal focused at that debate on religious freedom issues.",1
4602,When white nationalists show up to 'monitor' the polls,"Many Americans of different political stripes share concerns about the integrity of the presidential election. Citizen 'observers' can be a good thing if they are respectful. Intimidation is the concern.

A row of voting booths is seen at a polling station during early voting in Chicago on Oct. 14.

As the commander of the largest white nationalist organization in the United States, Jeff Schoep has worn brown shirts and militant all-black uniforms. On Election Day, however, Mr. Schoep, of Litchfield, Minn., will don his civvies to blend in – for the most part.

Amid concerns of election fraud, Schoep and his fellow members of the National Socialist Movement are planning to stand by polling places around the country, particularly those in predominantly black areas.

Schoep says he has ordered his colleagues to be respectful and discreet as they look for evidence of wrongdoing, but he acknowledges that he might not be beyond pushing the boundaries here and there: He’s considering wearing a small NSM insignia on his street clothes.

“Confucius says a wise man considers the possibility of anything, and I do,” says Schoep, whose organization numbers in the hundreds. “I’m not saying for sure that there’s some federal conspiracy and the system is going to rig this election, but it’s a concern and a possibility, and I think people need to be mindful of it. There’s a lot of mistrust of the federal government coming to a head this year.”

The National Socialist Movement, a recognized political party that critics call a neo-Nazi group, is one of myriad organizations and individual Americans on both the right and left vowing to keep an extra close watch on the elections this year. Concerns are percolating, with stories about dead people voting in Philadelphia, vote-switching machines in Texas, and a female Trump supporter in Iowa arrested for trying to vote twice.

Such stories partly miss the point, voting experts say. “The only way you’re going to succeed in stealing an election … is massive absentee ballot fraud or being an insider who perverts the system,” says Steve Huefner, co-author of “From Registration to Recounts: The Election Ecosystems of Five Midwestern States.”

But having multiple groups from all sides of the political spectrum watching an election isn’t necessarily bad, others say. In fact, should it be a close, contested election, more eyes on the polls could help ease distrust and create confidence that the results are the true reflection of the nation’s collective will.

The problem is when observation crosses the line into intimidation – if an insignia, or a gun, or a baseball bat makes someone less likely to stand in line to vote.

“Observation at the polls should not cross the line into intimidation, that’s key,” says Ned Foley, a constitutional law professor at Ohio State University’s Moritz School of Law and author of “Ballot Battles: The History of Disputed Elections in the United States.” “But observation by both sides is a good thing.”

“We have an extremely transparent system, and that transparency is crucial to a well-functioning democracy and – just as important – the public perception that it is functioning properly,” he adds.

In many ways, United States elections already have observers built in. While systems in Britain and Australia, for example, are run by nonpartisan commissions, US elections are run by states and counties.

That seems like a recipe for local tampering, but rules ensure that both parties are looking over each other’s shoulder, especially at the local courthouse where votes are tallied and transmitted up the chain.

Many Americans, however, feel like they need to see for themselves, too. Some 41 percent of Americans believe the election could be stolen, according to a new Politico/Morning Consult poll. That's despite the fact that multiple studies have shown that voter fraud in the US is all-but-nonexistent.

Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has grasped that thread of doubt to build a “nationwide election protection operation” largely of followers urged to attend polls “in certain areas” to look for “you know what,” as Mr. Trump recently said.

Trump ally Roger Stone says he has recruited “Vote Protectors” to conduct exit polls in precincts around the country. North Carolina Democrats, in a lawsuit filed this week, called it a “phony” attempt to intimidate voters. In the lawsuit, plaintiffs cite the appearance of a person at a North Carolina polling place carrying a baseball bat emblazoned with the word “TRUMP” while wearing a badge with the words “poll observer.”

Conservatives often point to video showing a New Black Panther member with a nightstick outside a polling station in Philadelphia in 2008.

The alt-right website TheRightStuff.Biz announced it would be employing people dressed up as blue-collar workers to surreptitiously mount cameras in polling places. A representative of the site told Politico that activists will also go into “ghettos in Philly with beer and marijuana to give out to the local residents” so that they’re more likely to stay home and not vote.

The Oath Keepers, a group of retired law enforcement formed in 2009, says they will “form up incognito intelligence-gathering and crime spotting teams and go out into public on Election Day, dressed to blend in with the public.”

The group vowed to “operate within the law,” but surreptitiously.

“Dress to blend with the crowd,” Oath Keepers leader Stewart Rhodes wrote to members. “That may mean wearing a Bob Marley, pot leaf, tie-die (sic) peace symbol, or ‘Che’ Guevara T-shirt … or it may mean wearing working-man Carhartt pants and a plaid shirt.”

Democrats have their own concerns.

The mobilization of alt-right poll watchers in the inner city goes hand-in-hand with official voter roll purges, elimination of polling places in black neighborhoods, and anecdotes of eligible voters unable to vote, liberals say.

“There’s very little difference between a white supremacist trying to keep certain segments of society from feeling comfortable about exercising the franchise and someone who sits behind an election clerk desk doing the same thing through legal means,” says Karl Frisch, a former senior fellow at the progressive Media Matters for America and the current director of Allied Progress.

Even foreign governments are getting into the game. Three states report denying Russia the right to send observers into US polling stations, shrugging it off as a “PR stunt.”

The standard for the system, however, should not be 100 percent accuracy, but rather preventing mistakes or incidents from affecting the outcome, say experts.

“We can’t let perfect be the enemy of the good,” says Professor Huefner, also of the Ohio State University’s Moritz School of Law. “In fact, the kinds of things that election-day observers are being called upon to [watch for] are pretty rare, like voting by dead people or by unregistered voters.”

“I’m not saying there are no instances of in-person voter fraud, but we cannot find instances in which that type of misbehavior has changed the outcome of an election,” he adds.

The greater concern is the “gray area with some conduct,” says Professor Foley. For example, “state laws about guns and voter intimidation are a patchwork of wildly varying regulations,” The Washington Post reports.

Adds Foley: ""Much of this will be subjective at the margins.”",1
3132,Jeb Bush Attacks Obama Administration For Failing 'Easy Calls' On Religious Freedom,"Former Florida governor and likely GOP presidential candidate Jeb Bush offered a defense of conservative Christian principles and attacked the Obama administration for failing to preserve religious freedom during his commencement address at Liberty University, a Christian school in Lynchburg, Virginia.

Bush accused the Obama administration of using ""coercive federal power"" to infringe on the religious rights of Americans.

""What should be easy calls, in favor of religious freedom, have instead become an aggressive stance against it. Somebody here is being small-minded and intolerant, and it sure isn’t the nuns, ministers, and laymen and women who ask only to live and practice their faith,"" he said, according to remarks released ahead of the speech. ""Federal authorities are demanding obedience, in complete disregard of religious conscience -- and in a free society, the answer is 'no.'”

Last year, the Supreme Court ruled 5-4 that the Obama administration could not require closely held corporations to provide insurance coverage of contraception to employees if the employers objected on religious grounds.

Bush converted to Catholicism -- his wife's religion -- two decades ago following a tense period in his marriage. Bush has said in the past that he believes the faith of leaders should shape their decision-making.

""[S]ome moral standards are universal. They do not bend under the weight of cultural differences or elite opinion. Wherever there is a child waiting to be born, we say choose life, and we say it with love,"" Bush said on Saturday. ""Wherever women and girls in other countries are brutally exploited, or treated as possessions without rights and dignity, we Christians see that arrogance for what it is. Wherever Jews are subjected to the oldest bigotry, we reject that sin against our brothers and sisters, and we defend them.""

Liberty University was founded by Jerry Falwell, a former Southern Baptist pastor and religious commentator. Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) announced his presidential campaign at the school in March.",1
119,"Ferguson, N. Charleston: 2 police killings, 2 outcomes","(CNN) The shootings' main similarity is that the officer was white and the victim was black and unarmed. Outside of that, the highly publicized police shootings in Ferguson and North Charleston bear only mild resemblance.

So what's changed between the shooting death of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri, in August, and that of Walter Scott in North Charleston, South Carolina, last weekend? And did the backlash and publicity of the Ferguson shooting influence the handling of the North Charleston incident?

It's tough to say for sure, but here are some of the stark differences in the cases, the lessons learned by both police and the public, and concrete changes that could help mend tensions in the future.

Ferguson: Officer Darren Wilson said he shot Brown after the two struggled over Wilson's gun, and witnesses to the shooting had different accounts -- often conflicting -- of where Wilson was, where Brown was and whether Brown was surrendering or charging the officer.

North Charleston: Though it's unclear what happened in the moments before a bystander began recording the incident on his phone, it's 100% clear from the video that Scott was not posing a threat to Officer Michael Slager when the policeman opened fire on Scott as he ran away.

Takeaway: Where Brown's killing was a breeding ground for speculation -- with a stark divide between those who said Wilson was justified and those who said Brown was senselessly slain -- no such debate has emerged in the Scott shooting.

It would be tough to extrapolate for certain, but it's possible that the clear-cut imagery of an officer shooting a fleeing man in the back resulted in the prompt charges against the officer, and that quick reaction by authorities in South Carolina after the video surfaced headed off the sort of violence that repeatedly unfolded in Ferguson as the process of determining Wilson's fate dragged on for months.

North Charleston: It's closer to an even split here, with census data from 2010 showing the city is 47% black and 42% white. The makeup of the city's police department is unclear, though it's been widely reported that 2007 federal figures indicated it was about 80% black. Three of the 10 City Council members are black.

Takeaway: The ratio of white and black officers on the North Charleston Police Department appears to more closely mirror the makeup of its population than does the Ferguson Police Department, but both are considerably off. As for the city councils, the latest election in Ferguson makes its governing body more representative than North Charleston's.

But before you place too much emphasis on the percentages, there are other variables to consider, like policing methods, as CNN political commentator Marc Lamont Hill pointed out. Changing the racial makeup of a department alone won't do the trick if officers aren't taught the best practices.

""Black people didn't march and fight and struggle to have black officers kill us and black officers beat us and black officers harass us,"" he said. ""I want police officers who are capable of doing the job properly. We need community-based policing if we're going to believe that police are the proper force to be in our neighborhoods.""

North Charleston: It's unlikely Slager would have been fired and charged with murder so quickly if not for video shot by witness Feidin Santana. Even North Charleston's police chief said he was disgusted by the footage of Scott's shooting.

Not only does the video show Slager firing eight shots at Scott as he's running away, it also shows him placing a dark-colored object next to Scott's lifeless body.

That could be significant, because Slager initially said Scott had taken his Taser and he feared for his life. But if investigators determine the object dropped next to Scott's body was actually the Taser, Slager could be accused of planting evidence.

""If there is no video, folks don't believe it because it sounds so asinine that something like this would ever happen in this country,"" she said. ""But with a video, you can't say it's not happening.""

North Charleston: After Scott was killed in South Carolina over the weekend, protests in North Charleston have been peaceful so far.

The takeaway: Some Ferguson residents say what happened in their city is playing a role in the way North Charleston is handling its own tragedy. Lee Smith, who recently made an unsuccessful bid for a Ferguson City Council seat, said he was glad to see authorities in South Carolina charge Slager with murder.

""I am hopeful that their motives are right and not just based on the fact that they are trying to avoid the same types of issues that came down in Ferguson,"" Smith said.

Ferguson: It took Ferguson police six days to publicly identify Wilson as the officer who shot Brown, and in the immediate aftermath of the shooting, then-police chief Thomas Jackson decided not to visit Brown's family. And rather than charge Wilson and let a grand jury decide whether the charges had merit -- as many civil rights advocates wanted -- the prosecutor in the case instead made the unorthodox choice of presenting both sides himself and letting the grand jury decide whether to charge the officer.

North Charleston: Slager was identified by authorities and charged with murder on Tuesday, two days after Santana shared his video with Scott's family. Mayor Keith Summey denounced the shooting and said Slager made a ""bad decision."" Both Summey and the police chief also visited Scott's family.

""When you're wrong, you're wrong,"" he said. ""And if you make a bad decision -- don't care if you're behind the shield or just a citizen on the street -- you have to live by that decision.""

The takeaway: Former Ferguson Mayor Brian Fletcher said the city has influenced others.

""I think these situations are given much more scrutiny now,"" said Fletcher, who won a seat on Ferguson's city council this week. ""They have seen what has happened here in Ferguson. Every mayor and city council is very cautious in what they say and what they do.""

Ferguson: After Brown's death in August, many asked why Wilson didn't have a body camera. The shooting spurred a nationwide debate over whether officers should wear cameras on their lapels. Three months later, President Barack Obama pledged $263 million to procure body cameras and training for up to 50,000 police officers.

North Charleston: Slager also was not wearing a body camera when he killed Scott. But after the shooting, the mayor said the city was ordering an additional 150 body cameras ""so every officer on the street"" in the city will have one. That's in addition to 101 body cameras already ordered, Summey said.

But National Urban League President Marc Morial said more body cameras will help protect not just the public, but also police.

""I think if officers know that their actions are being recorded on a consistent basis, it's going to protect good officers who do the right thing,"" Morial said. ""But it's also going to ferret out, if you will, bad actions by bad officers.""",1
2399,Senate GOP prepared to replace Obamacare subsidies,"Killing Obama administration rules, dismantling Obamacare and pushing through tax reform are on the early to-do list.",1
1043,Trump says GOP opposition to him 'taking advantage of our country',"Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump pushed back Wednesday night against what appears to be a growing movement among the party establishment — including a few of his former rivals — to at least slow down his march to the convention with enough delegates in hand to claim the nomination.

Speaking with Sean Hannity on a special Fox News town hall, Trump accused GOP lawmakers opposed to his campaign of ""taking advantage of our country."" 



The billionaire businessman called his campaign a movement ""of competence and common sense and low taxes and [secure] borders and it would be so foolish to give it away.""

Trump was referring to a conference held by the conservative American Enterprise Institute at Sea Island off the coast of Georgia over the weekend, where one of the topics reportedly was stopping Trump from securing the Republican nomination.

The conference reportedly was attended by Senate Majority Mitch McConnell, House Speaker Paul Ryan and other key Republican congressmen.

""I know all these people,"" Trump told Hannity. ""These are people that are taking advantage of our country. They don’t want to have strong borders. They want stuff flowing across the borders. They don’t want to have taxation when countries treat us unfairly because they benefit from that.""

""Politicians will do what’s right for the people that gave them the money,"" Trump added later, ""not what's right for the country.""

Former GOP presidential candidate Jeb Bush also planned to meet with Trump's rivals on Thursday ahead of a GOP debate in Florida, fueling speculation that he's preparing to endorse a candidate challenging Trump.

Florida Sen. Marco Rubio, meanwhile, told Fox News that he would not drop out of the Republican presidential race before next week's Florida primary, saying, ""we're gonna fight this thing through Tuesday ... and we're going to go on.""

Rubio denied multiple reports that he had discussed the possibility of dropping out before the winner-take-all contest.

Speaking with Fox News’ Megyn Kelly, Rubio said: ""I have never discussed dropping out with anyone on my team, or anyone on the planet Earth ... I'm the only one who can beat Donald Trump in Florida.”

A Fox News poll released Wednesday showed Rubio trailing Trump by 23 percentage points among likely Republican voters in Florida.

""I honestly don’t believe Donald Trump will be the nominee,"" Rubio said. ""I continue to believe it's going to be me, and it's got to start here in Florida.""

Rubio also dismissed the possibility that he would form a so-called ""unity"" Republican ticket with Texas Sen. Ted Cruz, Trump's closest challenger in the delegate race, calling it "" the kind of drama that makes it interesting in TV to speculate about.""

""At some point we're all going to team up,"" Rubio said in reference to the non-Trump candidates. ""We're all going to be on the same team, I hope.”

Cruz told Kelly that Rubio and Kasich were ""good, honorable people, but neither of them has a path to the nomination.""

""Head-to-head, not only do I beat Donald Trump,"" Cruz said, ""but I defeat him resoundingly.""

Cruz also walked back his earlier opposition to a possible convention fight between himself and Trump if neither man reaches the required 1,237 delegates during the primaries.

""Look, [Ronald] Reagan and [President Gerald] Ford battled it out at a contested convention [in 1976],"" Cruz said. ""That's what conventions are for."" However, Cruz restated his opposition to a so-called brokered convention, calling it ""a fever dream of the D.C. establishment"" and warning of ""an open revolt"" among Republican voters if it came to pass.

Cruz later turned his rhetorical fire against Trump and Rubio over immigration reform and the so-called ""Gang of Eight"" bill in 2013.

""When Marco Rubio stood with Barack Obama and [Sen.] Chuck Schumer and [then-Senate Majority Leader] Harry Reid ... I stood with millions of Americans,"" Cruz told Kelly. ""Not only was Donald Trump nowhere to be found, he was funding the Gang of Eight. He gave $50,000 to five of its members.""

Cruz also accused Rubio of lowering the tone of the campaign, saying, ""I have no views whatsoever on any part of Donald Trump’s anatomy,"" an apparent reference to Rubio jabbing Trump's ""small hands"" at a Virginia campaign stop.

For his part, Rubio told Megyn Kelly that he regretted the remark, saying ""my kids were embarrassed by it, my wife didn’t like it, I don’t think it reflects [well]; that’s not who I am.""

Ohio Gov. John Kasich, who has staked his campaign's future on victory in next Tuesday's Ohio primary, told Fox News' Greta Van Susteren that he would ""probably not"" pick up enough delegates in other contests to overtake Trump, but noted that voters had only ""picked about half the delegates [so far] this year ... anything is possible.""

A Fox News poll released Wednesday showed Kasich leading Trump by five percentage points among likely Republican voters in the Buckeye State.

""We're going to win Ohio,"" Kasich told Van Susteren. ""That's not even a question for me. It's about what we do after that and all the places we have to go. But we're not taking it for granted.""

Trump has 458 delegates to Cruz's 359 following Tuesday's contests, in which Trump won the Mississippi and Michigan primaries as well as the Hawaii caucus. Cruz also picked up a win in the Idaho primary. Rubio is a distant third with 151 delegates, while Kasich has 54.",1
1620,GOP voters want an apocalypse: The truth about Trump & Carson’s success,"It’s interesting how that’s unfolding. None of the governors are panning out. Texas Governor Rick Perry, whose record running one of the biggest state’s successfully on a Republican platform was no help, dropped out first; followed by the union slaying Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker. Both had been highly touted as excellent presidential material based on their records. None of the current and former governors, from Bush to Kasich, Christie, Huckabee, Jindal and Pataki, have caught fire either. Between them, they have decades of executive experience and yet they can’t get any momentum. This flies in the face of everything we’ve ever heard about the Republican reverence for state government, for executive experience and the ability to get results from Republican policies.

For a long time it was assumed that Senators were unsuited for the task of the presidency, what with their lack experience “running things.” Not that this stopped them from running for president, but it hadn’t escaped anyone’s notice that until 2008 the last Senator to become president had been elected in 1960. Barack Obama broke that long streak and the Republicans have a handful of Senators to choose from in 2016. Two of the four in the race, Rubio and Cruz, seem to be doing slightly better than the governors, and are at this point seen as “establishment” alternatives, even though neither of them are polling at more than 11 percent. The third, Rand Paul, once touted as the leader of a new libertarian, isolationist Republican Party, has turned out to be irrelevant. The fourth, Senator Lindsay Graham, is a joke.

There you have the vaunted GOP bench — the well-prepared, highly qualified, totally experienced group of veterans, any one of whom the country was supposed to be able to see as president. And Republican primary voters can’t stand any of them. They are, instead, enthralled with two men who have never held public office, and seem not to even understand our system of government or care how it works.

The Hill asked some Republican strategists to explain this phenomenon:

“It’s a different test this time around,” said GOP strategist David Payne. “Experience, executive experience, these aren’t the tests. It’s about the right ideas and the right temperament and coming off as tough. You see how important the debates have been. Style and presentation matter more than ever, more even than if you were a great leader in the past.” […] “Republicans this year don’t want managers, they want transformers,” conservative Iowa radio host Steve Deace, a Cruz supporter, told The Hill. “They don’t want reform, they want revolution. They don’t want a better government, they want a new government. The ground has shifted and the grassroots conservatives have taken the establishment’s preeminence away.”

Say what you will about Trump and Carson, they are both entertaining. But it’s the revolutionary aspect of their candidacies that’s interesting.

It’s not exactly a surprise that Republican voters hate government. It’s been their number one organizing principle for years. In fact, the Sainted Ronald Reagan himself was known for his saying “government is not the solution to our problem; government is the problem.” And we know they hate liberals. They have spent decades denigrating the philosophy,the ideology and even the word itself. But until now they haven’t hated the Republican Party. And boy do they hate it.

What seems to have happened is that GOP base voters feel betrayed and disillusioned because they voted for a Republican Congress and that Congress has failed to deliver the agenda on which they ran. First of all, they failed to remove President Obama from office, either through impeachment or at the ballot box in 2012. They also failed to repeal Obamacare,”close the borders,” ban abortion, stop gay marriage, or end political correctness, just for starters. Someone forgot to tell Republican voters that there are three branches of government regulated by checks and balances, and other people in their own party, as well as the opposition party, who have different agendas competing with their own. If you listen to right-wing media and follow what’s being said in the conservative bubble, it’s understandable. They were told that they won a huge mandate, and now they quite logically blame the people who have been making promises they don’t keep. When they listen to these professional politicians running for their party’s nomination, they just hear more of the same — and they don’t want to hear it anymore. They want someone who will assure them that this creaky government system with all those checks and balances, and all the resultant gridlock, will not be a hinderance to achievement of their agenda. They are tired of waiting. And right now they have two presidential candidates who are promising a different way of doing things. Donald Trump is running to be a strongman. It’s all about him “getting the job done” because he’s smarter and tougher than everyone else. (This is a familiar archetype and Trump’s specific relationship to it is fascinatingly explored in this piece by Rick Perlstein, called “Donald Trump and the F-word.”) Ben Carson is a little bit more complicated. He’s running as a quasi-religious leader who will be able to overcome all these obstacles through the same miraculous process that has characterized his life story. (The recent questions about some details of that very famous life story have only resulted in adding martyrdom to his mystique.) In both cases, the people who like them are not merely attracted to the fact that these men are outsiders, but also by qualities that will ostensibly allow them to transcend the normal process of democratic government. Despite their professions of love for the constitution, these voters no longer believe in the system of government that constitution sets forth. It’s still possible that these voters are simply “sending a message” to the powers that be, telling them that they are at the ends of their ropes. That’s certainly what the establishment hopes is happening: Republicans like Cullen, who says he cannot support Trump, Carson or Cruz, say it’s still early, and the party will rally behind they types of candidates it’s nominated in the past. “Some of these guys still look like summer love affairs to me, even if we’re well into the fall now,” he said. “I still think voters will want look to take the polished young man home that they can show off to mom and dad.” That courtly tone sounds as out of place in the Trump era as if he were speaking Elizabethan english. These Republican voters have been listening to talk radio and watching Fox news and reading thousands of Tea Party emails for years and they want a man of action. When they talk about revolution it’s not the white wigged American style. They’re thinking of something much more “top-down.”",1
4276,Donald Trump's lost month in Iowa,"West Des Moines, Iowa (CNN) Donald Trump had every reason to feel optimistic Monday. His poll numbers were up; he had secured two prominent endorsements in the space of a week; and even the weather seemed to be cooperating, with a snowstorm coming in from the west expected to hold off until after midnight.

And then, he lost, coming in second to Ted Cruz

Trump spent January in full-on attack mode against Cruz. Trump questioned whether Cruz qualifies as a ""natural-born citizen"" eligible to serve as president. He went after the evangelical vote, winning the endorsement of Liberty University President Jerry Falwell, Jr., but didn't back up the appeals with a ground game. And then he sat out the final debate, opting for a rally across town at the same time.

He acknowledged Tuesday that may have backfired. ""I think some people were disappointed that I didn't go into the debate,"" Trump said in New Hampshire.

Trump and his advisers don't have too much time to figure out what went wrong. With Cruz's win and Marco Rubio's much stronger-than-expected finish Monday night, Trump now urgently confronts the danger of the Florida senator chipping away at his establishment backing in upcoming contests.

The second-place finish should serve as a serious reality check for his campaign, which is in large part based on bucking the traditional rules of campaigning and political engagement. Then again, nothing about Trump is conventional.

""People didn't talk about my second place,"" Trump said Tuesday night. ""They didn't talk about it as positively as they should have.""

In the air but not on the ground

There was nothing traditional about Trump's campaign style in Iowa.

The Trump campaign remained tight-lipped about its efforts to get voters out, sharing little to nothing about its grassroots and volunteer efforts on the ground. The campaign swatted away reports of a lackluster ground game, insisting that its supporters in Iowa would turn out in the end because they were so eager to elect a non-traditional candidate like Trump.

It was only in the final stretch that Trump showed minimal interest in retail politics.

He began holding more than one event a day. In January, he made his first stop at a Pizza Ranch -- the famous restaurant chain that is a favorite among presidential candidates. Trump even slept at a Holiday Inn in one of his final weekends in the state.

The Texas senator crisscrossed the state, ultimately completing the ""full Grassley"" by visiting all 99 counties in the state. His campaign developed a massive grassroots operation, that according to the campaign 12,000 volunteers fanned out cross the state knocking on doors and making phone calls. It also recruited dozens of pastors and county chairs.

Rubio, in the meantime, came on and surprised everyone at the end. After Thursday's debate, there were rumblings of a Rubio rise, which were tamped down by the Des Moines Register poll released two days before the caucuses that showed the Florida senator in the mid-teens, far ahead of of the others in the establishment lane like Chris Christie and Jeb Bush, but still significantly behind Trump and Cruz.

Hundreds of Rubio volunteers made phone calls to undecided voters in the days leading up to the caucuses, according to campaign aides. During those calls, they found that a good number of Trump supporters -- some frustrated with the businessman's decision to skip last week's Fox debate -- were switching over to Rubio.

Trump had an improbable run as the national front-runner for most of the summer and fall. Then, in December, he started to trail Cruz in Iowa for the first time. Up until that point, the two men had refused to attack one another, seeming to believe that voters would find a messy mud-wrestling match distasteful.

But at the first sign of losing ground to Cruz here, Trump swiftly reversed course.

Trump also jabbed at Cruz's anti-establishment credentials, wondering out loud why the senator had failed to disclose large loans from Goldman Sachs and Citibank for his Senate campaign.

""The truth is, he's a nasty guy,"" Trump said in an interview on ABC's ""This Week."" ""Nobody likes him. Nobody in Congress likes him. Nobody likes him anywhere once they get to know him.""

Cruz, who has tried to stay close to Trump without antagonizing the billionaire, finally hit back, calling his rival a man of ""New York values"" and blasting his support for eminent domain. Even then, Cruz and his allies seemed much more conflicted about the strategy and wary that it could backfire.

Prior to running for president, Trump had a reputation for being many things: a ruthless, litigious businessman; a colorful reality television star; the ultimate Manhattan socialite.

It wasn't exactly the image of a Bible reading, church-going family man.

But on the stump, the GOP frontrunner sought to sand down those rough edges.

Two consecutive Sundays before the Iowa caucuses, Trump attended morning church services in the state, even breaking from his usual practice of returning to New York City every night to sleep in his own bed.

All of this has been a part of Trump's months-long and intensifying campaign to win over evangelicals in Iowa -- a sizable and influential constituency with real power to sway the outcome of the caucuses. That outreach became all the more critical when Cruz -- the favorite among Hawkeye State evangelical Christians -- bypassed Trump in the polls for the first time in December.

Cleveland Pastor Darrell Scott, a Trump backer who spearheaded an effort to coalesce African-American pastors around the candidate, said it was difficult to overstate the importance of these endorsements.

Palin ""brings a lot of evangelical support with her. Then Jerry Falwell Jr. was the icing on the cake,"" he said.

A religious leader like Falwell in particular, Scott said, was key to convincing undecided voters and on-the-fence churchgoers.

""In Christianity, the sheep tends to follow their shepherd. They will trust the wisdom and trust the decision of their pastor,"" Scott said. ""So when my pastor thinks highly of him to endorse him, there must be something there.""

Ahead of last week's GOP debate, Trump's long-running feud with Fox News was back in full force.

The billionaire publicly grumbled about debate moderator Megyn Kelly, saying if she couldn't treat him fairly, he may skip the event altogether -- not the first time he had threatened to boycott a debate.

""We learned from a secret back channel that the Ayatollah and Putin both intend to treat Donald Trump unfairly when they meet with him if he becomes president,"" the network's statement read. ""A nefarious source tells us that Trump has his own secret plan to replace the Cabinet with his Twitter followers to see if he should even go to those meetings.""

Instead, less than three miles down the road from the debate, Trump held a rivaling event to benefit wounded veterans. The venue was filled to capacity; political reporters were suddenly split between covering the Trump event and the debate; and the candidate boasted that he had raised nearly $6 million for veterans in a matter of hours.

But while Trump pulled off a political feat in only the way that Trump can, it was clear that the decision rubbed some Iowans the wrong way.

After all, voters in the Hawkeye State take their responsibly of being first seriously, and the debate that Trump skipped was the final -- and critically important -- debate ahead of the caucuses.

Steve Ziller was one of the 29% that disapproved.

A farmer from Belmond, Ziller was undecided between Trump and Cruz when he attended a Trump rally in Clear Lake on January 9th. Soon after that event, Ziller said he made the decision to support Trump. But that decision quickly got undone when Trump skipped the debate.

""I just think if he's elected president, he's going to have a lot more tougher issues than dealing with a female reporter from Fox,"" Ziller told CNN the day before the caucuses. ""If he would have showed up to the debate and had a good debate, I would have been a 100% for Trump.""

On caucus night, Ziller ultimately chose to back Trump. But it wasn't an easy call.

Asked whether the decision was difficult, Ziller responded: ""Very.""",1
3960,"From downed Russian jet, hard lessons about destroying Islamic State","France's bid to unite the world against the Islamic State was always going to be difficult. Turkey's shooting down of a Russian fighter jet shows why.

Could the juvenile suspects in the Tennessee wildfires be tried as adults?

A deputy commander in a rebel Syrian Turkmen brigade holds handles believed to be parts of a parachute of the downed Russian warplane near the village of Yamadi, Syria, near the Turkish border on Tuesday. Turkey shot down a Russian warplane near the Syrian border on Tuesday saying it had repeatedly violated its airspace.

Turkey’s shoot-down of a Russian fighter jet that it says strayed into its airspace from Syria Tuesday demonstrates why building a broad international coalition to destroy the self-proclaimed Islamic State is so difficult.

Well over a year after President Obama announced creation of a coalition of more than 50 countries designed to “degrade and ultimately destroy” IS, also known as ISIS, there still is no effective alliance of major powers.

Now French President François Hollande, who was at the White House Tuesday and will be in Russia Friday, has made building a coalition his goal in the wake of the Paris attacks. But the same challenge remains: The major players deeply mistrust one another’s intentions and visions for a post-Islamic State Syria.

“It was never going to be easy to build a coalition against ISIS, given the complicated relations and competing alliances around the Syrian conflict,"" says Barry Strauss, a military historian at Cornell University in Ithaca, N.Y. “But clearly an event of this seriousness between Russia and Turkey will only make that effort more difficult.”

Turkey and Russia exemplify the complex and often contradictory motives that Mr. Hollande will try to manage.

The anti-IS coalition supposedly has similar aims to Turkey’s: the removal from power of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad as a key step toward reducing IS's allure for Syrian Sunnis. But it took months of sustained diplomatic effort for the United States to bring Turkey on board. Even now, the differences between the US and Turkey remain pronounced.

From the US perspective, perhaps the most effective fighters against IS have been Syrian and Iraqi Kurds – so much so that the US has sent special operations forces to the region to help them. But Turkey has a large Kurdish population and worries that empowering Kurds anywhere in the region might create trouble at home.

In fact, Turkey has been “friendlier towards ISIS than Russia” because of Turkey’s satisfaction with the setbacks that IS has dealt Syria’s Kurdish rebels.

Similarly, many countries in the region ""find ISIS useful to have around and are in no rush to get rid of it"" because it is virulently anti-Shiite, Professor Strauss notes. In that way, IS acts ""as a counterbalance to Iran and the Shiite parties in the region.""

For its part, Russia says it entered the Syrian conflict to defeat Syria’s “terrorists,” but analysts say its airstrikes in Syria have focused on Assad’s opponents. Only about a quarter have been against IS, experts say.

For those reasons, getting Turkey and Russia on the same page for destroying IS – a priority for neither – was always going to be difficult. After the Russian jet shoot-down, the task will be even harder when Hollande meets with Russian President Vladimir Putin Friday.

Mr. Putin called the downing of the Russian jet a “stab in the back” carried out by “accomplices of terrorists,” and he warned that the perpetrators of the “crime” will face “serious consequences.”

Russia canceled Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov's visit to Turkey Wednesday, while NATO called an emergency meeting of alliance ambassadors Tuesday afternoon. Tuesday’s incident was the first shoot-down of a Russian aircraft by a NATO country since the 1950s, officials said.

Russia insists the fighter jet did not stray outside Syria, while Turkish officials said the jet was warned 10 times to turn back from its trajectory into Turkish airspace. Mr. Obama called on Russia, Turkey, and NATO countries to “discourage any escalation,” but also asserted that “Turkey, like every country, has the right to defend its territory and its airspace.”

Russia is likely to look at the aftermath of the incident as validation that all groups arrayed against Assad are terrorists. A video released following the shoot-down shows Syrian Turkmen rebels claiming to have shot dead two Russian pilots as they parachuted to the ground.

A separate incident further illustrates the difficulty of building a united anti-IS coalition that includes Russia. A group of Syrian rebels armed by the US claims to have damaged a Russian military helicopter, forcing it to make an emergency landing in Syrian government-held territory.

Yet Strauss says perhaps the more formidable impediment to an effective coalition is the widespread ambiguity in the region toward the Islamic State.

The region’s Sunni powers “may worry about ISIS in the long term, but to some extent they see its usefulness in the short term,” he says. That calculation does not fit with Western powers that – now more than ever – want to see IS’s demise ""sooner rather than later.""",1
1356,Webb rips Clinton's State record as he mulls independent White House bid,"Former Democratic presidential candidate Jim Webb is now considering an independent candidacy that would directly attack Democratic frontrunner Hillary Clinton for her tenure as secretary of State including her handling of Libya, where an American diplomat was killed in a 2012 terror attack.

""Clinton should be called to account for her inept leadership that brought about the chaos in Libya,"" Webb posted on his Facebook page Saturday. “Our next commander in chief must define a strategic vision for the country and accept accountability for past actions.”

Webb, a Navy secretary in the Reagan administration who became a Democratic Virginia senator, in October dropped out of the 2016 Democrat presidential primary amid low poll numbers and little name recognition.

He argued upon leaving that Washington Democrats have rigged the party primary season, which includes a limited debate schedule, an argument also made by remaining Democratic candidates Bernie Sanders and Martin O’Malley.

A Webb spokeswoman recently told CNN that Webb was doing some polling on a potential independent run and would make a decision by New Year’s Day.

U.S. Ambassador Chris Stevens and three other Americans were killed in the 2012 terror attack on a U.S. outpost in Benghazi, Libya.

Recently released emails and other evidence, including Clinton’s own Capitol Hill testimony, shows that the Obama administration failed to respond sufficiently to requests from Stevens and others for additional security and did not immediatley tell the public immediately that the attacks were terror related.

Webb’s social media attack on Clinton also includes the Twitter post Saturday: “Hillary Clinton’s failed vision in Libya & the Arab Spring are foreign policy leadership at its worst.”

Despite Webb’s popularity among voters for his outspoken, non-establishment persona, he would have difficulty raising the millions and building the infrastructure needed to be competitive as an independent.",1
928,Who's Got the Best Chance against Clinton? It's Not Who You Think…,"The GOP presidential race seems to have come down to just two men: Donald Trump and Sen. Ted Cruz, R-Texas.

But polling shows the candidate with the best chance of beating Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton is Ohio Gov. John Kasich.

Even after his loss in Wisconsin to Cruz, Trump remains the leader for the GOP nomination. Barring something unexpected, Trump should be the delegate leader going to the GOP convention.

Meanwhile, both men want Ohio Gov. John Kasich to drop out because they believe they can win his delegates.

Trump for his part argues that Kasich has lost every race so far except his home state of Ohio.

""Here's the problem with Kasich. First of all, I think he happens to take votes away from me… I don't think he should be staying,"" the real estate mogul said.

But even though he's a very distant third in delegates, Kasich is still polling the best against Clinton, the likely Democratic nominee.

Trump's weakness is not only a high unfavorable rating - above 60 percent -  but that polls have shown he has trailed Clinton in 11 of 12 target states that will determine the outcome in November.

According to RealClearPolitics Poll Averages, Trump does the worst against Clinton, with the former state secretary leading him by an average of nearly 11. The third-place GOP candidate, Kasich, does best, leading Clinton by six, while Cruz trails her by three.

Meanwhile, Kasich has shown no sign he's ready to roll over.

""Donald Trump said I need to get out of the race because I am getting his voters. Well, I've got news for him – I am going to get a heck of a lot of his voters,"" the Ohio governor told supporters.

But how accurate is the polling that shows Kasich would do the best against Clinton?

Karlyn Bowman, a public opinion analyst at the American Enterprise Institute, cautions that these polls aren't necessarily accurate because it's still a long way until the November election.

""Polls have very little predictive value about national contests at this early stage,"" she said. ""They usually aren't very reliable until about 100 days out from a campaign.""

But none of that is stopping the feisty Kasich. He may be way down in the delegate numbers, but he's still spoiling for a fight.

""I'm not a marshmallow or a pin cushion. You wanna take a whack at me? Let's get it on,"" he said.

Sources say Kasich's strategy is to remain alive until a contested convention, hoping for 500 delegates or more, and then win over the other convention delegates with a positive message.

As crazy as it sounds, some Republican insiders have said Kasich just might be able to pull it off.",1
2194,"Rubio: Obama's diplomacy with dictators threatens America's safety, security","Two historic events are in progress today, August 14. The first is the arrival of Secretary of State John Kerry in Cuba. The second is President Obama’s continued campaign to secure Congressional approval for his flawed nuclear deal with Iran. These two dangerous developments represent the convergence of nearly every flawed strategic, moral, and economic notion that has driven President Obama’s foreign policy, and as such are emblematic of so many of the crises he has worsened around the world.

To fully understand what we’re dealing with in regards to Iran and Cuba, we have to understand who we’re dealing with. In Iran, we face radical Shia clerics who wish to one day unite the world under their version of Islam and who believe this will only happen after a cataclysmic showdown with the West. These leaders have been directly responsible for the deaths of hundreds of Americans and refuse to stop financing terrorists that seek to kill Americans and wipe Israel off the map.

In Cuba, we face proudly anti-American leaders who continue to work with nations like Russia and China to spy on our people and government; who harbor fugitives from American justice; and who stand in opposition to nearly every value our nation holds dear by violating the basic human rights of their own people, preventing democratic elections, and depriving their nation’s economy of freedom and opportunity.

Centuries of global affairs tell us the best way to affect an outcome with volatile leaders is through strength and example, while the worst is through weakness and concession. Yet weakness and concession are the preferred tools of statecraft for this administration.

President Obama has not only permitted Iran to retain its entire existing nuclear infrastructure, he has also endorsed the construction of a full-scale, industrial-size nuclear program within 15 years. He has conceded a vast enrichment capacity, preserved Iran’s fortified underground facility, and failed to secure “anytime, anywhere” inspections. He has virtually guaranteed Iran becomes a regional power with the ability to build long-range missiles capable of hitting the U.S. homeland. And on top of all this, he wants to hand Iran $100 billion in sanctions relief, which will be used in part to fund Hamas and Hezbollah, promote instability in Bahrain and Yemen, and prop up Bashar al-Assad in Syria.

The negotiations with Cuba have proven equally one-sided. President Obama has rewarded the Castro regime for its repressive tactics and persistent, patient opposition to American interests. He has unilaterally given up on a half-century worth of policy toward the Castro regime that was agreed upon by presidents of both parties. He has ensured the regime will receive international legitimacy and a substantial economic boost to benefit its repression of the Cuban people, which has only increased since the President announced his new policy.

Beginning on day one, I will undertake a three-part plan to roll back President Obama’s deal with Iran. First, I will quickly reimpose sanctions on Iran. I will give the mullahs a choice: either you have an economy or you have a nuclear program, but you cannot have both. I will also ask Congress to pass crushing new measures that target human rights abuses and the sponsorship of terrorism.  Second, I will ensure our forces in the Middle East are positioned to signal readiness and restore a credible military option. Third, after imposing crippling sanctions on Iran, I will link any talks to Iran’s broader conduct, from human rights abuses to support for terrorism and threats against Israel.

I will undertake an equally bold plan to roll back President Obama’s concessions to the Castro regime. First, on day one, I will give the Castros a choice: either continue repressing your people and lose the diplomatic relations provided by President Obama, or carry out meaningful political and human rights reforms and receive increased U.S. trade, investment, and support.  Second, I will restore Cuba to the state sponsor of terror list until it stops supporting designated Foreign Terrorist Organizations, helping North Korea evade international sanctions, or harboring fugitives from American justice. Third, I will do everything in my power to provide support to Cuba’s pro-democracy movement and promote greater access to uncensored information for the Cuban people.

These are the actions required to restore the safety and security President Obama has cost us through his diplomacy with dictators. When it comes to the challenges posed by Iran and Cuba, our task is straightforward – we must prevent Iran from gaining a nuclear weapon and we must guarantee that the United States stands on the Cuban people, not their oppressors. But we also know that 'straightforward' is not a synonym for 'easy.' Our safety and security will require what it has always required: strong, principled leadership. And that is exactly what I intend to offer our nation and the world in the years ahead.



Republican Marco Rubio represents Florida in the U.S. Senate. He is a member of the Senate Committee on Commerce, Science and Transportation and was a candidate for the Republican nomination for president in 2016.",1
5250,The Daily 202: Clinton and Trump cave to pressure,"THE BIG IDEA: Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump each reluctantly backed down last night on major things that threatened to derail their campaigns.

The Clinton Foundation announced it will no longer accept donations from corporations or foreign entities if Hillary is elected president. Bill Clinton told foundation staff that the final meeting of the Clinton Global Initiative will be held next month, and he announced that he will stop giving paid speeches. “The former president, who turns 70 on Friday, said he will resign from the board, and the foundation will only accept contributions from U.S. citizens and independent charities,” according to the AP’s Ken Thomas, who broke the story.

Meanwhile, Trump expressed remorse for the first time since he got into the race 14 months ago. “Sometimes in the heat of debate, and speaking on a multitude of issues, you don't choose the right words or you say the wrong thing. I have done that,"" the Republican nominee, reading from a teleprompter, said during a rally in Charlotte. “And believe it or not, I regret it. I do regret it, particularly where it may have caused personal pain.”

-- Both candidates are extraordinarily reluctant to ever acknowledge wrongdoing, even tacitly, because they believe doing so projects weakness. This is why last night was so remarkable and may represent a true pivot point in the race.

Think about Clinton’s evolving explanations for her private email server through the 2016 cycle and her defense of her support for the Iraq War during the 2008 race (it took her until 2014 to say a 2002 vote was a mistake).

There are literally dozens of examples of Trump hurting himself by refusing to admit that he went too far. Think about his attacks on Gold Star parents Khizr and Ghazala Khan, John “not a war hero” McCain, Judge Gonzalo Curiel and Ted Cruz’s father Rafael (whom he claimed was with Lee Harvey Oswald shortly before John F. Kennedy’s assassination). He also declined to express regret after mocking a reporter with a disability and calling Mexican immigrants rapists.

-- Hillary has now implicitly acknowledged that the Clinton Foundation is a major liability to her campaign, regardless of her campaign’s spin and inevitable denials. “The decision comes amid mounting criticism of how the foundation operated during her tenure as secretary of state, potentially allowing donors to seek special access through her government post,” Abby Phillip and Rosalind S. Helderman report.

Donald, a former donor to the group, often accuses Hillary of engaging in “pay-to-play” practices. In particular, he says the $25 million the foundation took from Saudi Arabia undercuts his opponent’s rhetoric on women’s rights.

But he’s inconsistent about his messaging. He also often levels unsubstantiated charges that overshadow any accurate lines of attack and make it easier for the war room in Brooklyn to push back by muddying the water.

A traditional GOP opponent, running a disciplined campaign and spending meaningful money on negative TV ads, could probably more effectively use the Clinton Foundation as a bludgeon to depict HRC as a shady shakedown artist who looks out more for her rich cronies and deep-pocketed foreigners than working-class Americans struggling to catch a break.

-- Message testing and focus groups, including those conducted by Democrats, have shown there are some particularly potent (and totally true) lines of attack. Among them:

-- “There is no evidence that Hillary Clinton or her top aides completed ethics training when they started at the State Department, as required by federal law,” McClatchy’s Anita Kumar reported yesterday. “State Department records show only three of nine top Clinton aides took the mandated training for new employees. Records also suggest that none of seven top aides required to take subsequent annual training completed it. No records indicate whether Clinton herself took any training. Many of the aides still work for Clinton.… Clinton’s campaign did not respond to questions…”

-- Clinton has been getting hammered in the court of elite opinion. The Post’s Editorial Board lamented “the porous ethical wall” between the Foundation and the State Department in a Sunday editorial: “As secretary, she pledged to keep her official world and her family’s foundation separate, and she failed to keep them separate enough. Such sloppiness would not be acceptable in the White House.” A Tuesday editorial in the Boston Globe that went further, calling for the Clinton Foundation to shut down altogether, went viral.

“It’d be impossible to keep the foundation open without at least the appearance of a problem,” former Pennsylvania governor Ed Rendell, a close Clinton ally, told the New York Daily News last week.

-- Last night showed that Kellyanne Conway is now calling the shots. In covering this week’s shake-up, the 202 has primarily focused on Breitbart executive Stephen Bannon becoming the campaign’s chief executive and probably has given insufficient attention to Conway taking over as manager.

Conway is a pollster who specializes in helping conservative men reach out to women. In early July, she told our Danielle Paquette that she didn’t like Trump’s name-calling and said she really wants him to avoid criticizing people’s looks and mental capacity. “Maybe,” she said, “it’s just the mother in me.” (The full piece is worth rereading.)

We’ve written a lot about Bannon’s push to let Trump be Trump, but clearly Conway is trying to talk some political sense into the candidate and explaining how much his insult-laden approach has damaged his standing with the women who will decide this election.

-- But there are many reasons to doubt the sincerity of Trump’s 11th-hour conversion. He’s clearly desperate to turn around his sinking campaign, and he did not specify last night what he was apologizing for, or to whom. And just like the man who faux apologizes to his wife by saying “I’m sorry you’re mad,” Trump at one point couched his penchant for divisive rhetoric by saying, “Sometimes I can be too honest.” Was he being “too honest” when he laced into McCain, Curiel and the Khans? Trump has until very recently refused to express any regret for what he said about them. What changed?

-- It was the third time in the past four days that Trump read a speech off a teleprompter, a practice he once routinely mocked. He clearly did not write the words he uttered. The language and tone sounded nothing like him.

-- The humility he expressed last night is part of a broader and renewed effort to rebrand Trump as more “presidential,” Jose A. DelReal, Robert Costa and Jenna Johnson report. That effort will continue today with a trip to Louisiana to tour flooded areas.

-- Conway said on CNN yesterday that Trump will finally begin preparing for the first debate this weekend, evidence that the candidate recognizes he must deliver a command performance to keep his hopes alive.

-- How long can this last? We still believe that the 70-year-old is, at heart, fundamentally incapable of changing. It is hard to imagine him going on some kind of apology tour and becoming self-disciplined in a sustained way. He’s plainly happiest when he’s feuding with someone and putting down others.

WHILE YOU WERE SLEEPING:

-- Trump’s first TV ad of the general election, which will begin airing today, focuses on immigration. The campaign says it will spend $4.8 million to air the 30-second spot over the next 10 days in four states. “In Hillary Clinton’s America,” a narrator says, “the system stays rigged against Americans, Syrian refugees flood in, illegal immigrants convicted of committing crimes get to stay, collecting Social Security benefits, skipping the line. Our border open. It’s more of the same, but worse. Donald Trump’s America is secure. Terrorists and dangerous criminals: kept out, the border secured. our families safe. Change that makes America safe again.” (NBC breaks down the buy: $1.44 million in Florida, $716k in Ohio, $984k in Pennsylvania, and $838k in North Carolina. This pales in comparison to the $61 million spent so far by Clinton’s campaign.) Watch it here:

-- Mike Pence filed his personal financial disclosure with the FEC last night. “As Americans can clearly see, the Pence family has not enriched themselves from their public service,” spokesman Marc Lotter said, adding that “the Governor will release his tax returns in the near future.” (See the PFD here.)

LOCHTE EMBARRASSES ALL OF US:

-- Brazilian police said Ryan Lochte fabricated his story of being robbed at gunpoint alongside other U.S. swimmers, though authorities acknowledged that the foursome did have a gun pulled on them — by a security guard — after reportedly damaging property at a gas station in Rio. From Dave Sheinin, Dom Phillips and Joshua Partlow:

An official apology: Overnight, the U.S. Olympic Committee issued a statement that acknowledged a version of events that involved an argument spurred by ""an act of vandalism"" committed by ""one of the athletes."" The statement concluded by saying, ""We apologize to our hosts in Rio and the people of Brazil for this distracting ordeal in the midst of what should rightly be a celebration of excellence.""

An attorney for Jimmy Feigen said he will pay more than $10,000 to a Brazilian charity to leave the country. Under Brazilian law, his attorney said, a donation can be made to avoid criminal prosecution. He did not say what charge was potentially facing Feigen. (Matt Bonesteel)

Lochte remains in the U.S., having left Rio on Tuesday, and teammates Gunnar Bentz and Jack Conger were cleared to leave last night.

-- What really happened? The incident appears to have stemmed from a drunken pit stop at a gas station bathroom around 6 a.m: ""Surveillance footage ... appears to show at least one of the swimmers … pull off the metal door to the bathroom. In the video ... gas station employees observe the athletes, then escort them out of the bathroom. In another clip, from a different camera angle, the athletes quickly seat themselves on the ground and raise their hands, as if ordered by a person with a gun.""

The police chief confirmed a guard had produced a firearm to “contain” the swimmers so they could not leave without paying damages. “The firearm was used in a situation in which they were contained. When they were contained the firearm was put away,” he said.

-- “Brazilians have reacted with anger and indignation at an apparently false crime report that only served to boost the perception of Rio de Janeiro as a lawless, chaotic city that was unprepared to host an Olympics.” The city police chief said Lochte and the others owed Rio an apology for having “stained” the city “for a fantasy.” “As the American swimmers left the police station Thursday evening, they were swarmed by a crowd of journalists amid shouts of ‘liars’ by some, in English.”

-- The Post’s Sally Jenkins eviscerates Lochte as “the dumbest bell that ever rang” in a spot-on column: “Two things are going on here: Lochte’s self-promoting prevarications and the sensitivity of Rio authorities, who have been portrayed as incapable of keeping athletes safe amid other Olympic breakdowns. There have been a lot of genuine robberies of Olympic athletes and officials. The police need to show that fears are overstated and these Games are secure — though they are not, particularly — and the stupid Americans offered them something with which to save face. Lochte’s conceit intersected with a delicate political issue, and it made a perfect storm. His claim to NBC that men posing as police pulled over the taxi and he heroically resisted the robbers with a gun pressed to his forehead was an especially ludicrous detail — and the very thing that drew the attention of authorities, who know full well that anyone who defies a bandit in Rio gets shot on the spot, and they don’t leave you with your cellphone. Lochte’s done as a public figure, of course. Which is probably the most effective form of justice for someone who apparently so craves attention. Oblivion is what he deserves.”

-- How it's playing in the tabloids:

-- One of the things that makes the Lochte mess so frustrating is that it overshadows the amazing performances by the upstanding Americans who keep crushing it on the field. The U.S. has now reached TRIPLE-DIGIT MEDAL STATUS. We’re officially at 100 – with 35 gold, 33 silver, and 32 bronze. China and Britain continue their battle for second place, with China squeezing out Britain with just a two-medal lead (58 to 56.) Check out the Post’s live medal count here.

-- The U.S. women’s 4x100 relay team got a second shot at advancing to the gold-medal round, after filing a protest over a dropped baton between sprinters Allyson Felix and English Gardner. Officials agreed that a Brazilian team had interfered with the handoff, The Americans got to rerun the race later – alone on the track – “an odd scene,” Des Bieler notes, but one that ultimately scored them the BEST time of the entire day.

-- Kerron Clement won gold for the U.S. in the men’s 400m hurdles. And Dalilah Muhammad did the same for the women’s team – becoming the first American female to ever win gold in the race. (Teammate Ashley Spencer also netted a third-place finish.)

-- Helen Maroulis became the first American woman to earn a wrestling gold medal, beating out a legendary three-time Olympic champion from Japan.

-- University of Virginia runner Robby Andrews qualified for the men’s 1500m finals – but was subsequently disqualified – after he stepped off the track.

-- USAIN BOLT soared to victory in his last individual race of the Rio Games, winning his third gold medal in the men’s 200m by a wide margin. He’ll now compete in the men’s 4x100m relay Friday, potentially earning him a “triple-triple” sweep and a tie with American Carl Lewis and Paavo Nurmi of Finland for the most career Olympic gold medals in track and field. (Mark Giannotto)

-- Ivanka Trump’s brother-in-law will NOT vote for Trump, according to a new Esquire profile: Through a spokesman, the magazine's Vicky Ward wrote, Josh Kushner ""said that he loved his brother and did not want to say anything that might embarrass him. Nevertheless, the spokesman also said that Josh is a lifelong Democrat and will not be voting for Trump in November.""

-- Trump spokeswoman Katrina Pierson, on live television, accused Clinton of a rare brain disease with which she has never been diagnosed: “What's new are the other reports of the observations of [Clinton's] behavior and mannerisms, specifically with what you just showed in those previous clips, as well as her dysphasia, the fact that she's fallen, she has had a concussion,” Pierson charged on MSNBC. (Dysphasia is defined as the ""loss of or deficiency in the power to use or understand language as a result of injury to or disease of the brain."") Pierson’s accusations come after Clinton’s campaign has refuted the conspiracy theories, releasing multiple fact-checking articles and a statement from Clinton’s doctor saying she is in excellent health. ""It's something that needs to be addressed,"" Pierson continued. ""She's taken a lot of time off the campaign trail."" (Aaron Blake)

-- Gov. Scott Walker pushed back on Trump ally Roger Stone’s allegations that he and “the Reince Priebus machine” rigged “as many as five elections” in Wisconsin, dishing out a rare moment of snark when asked about the longtime Trump confidante. “Apparently that’s what the long-term effect is of legalizing marijuana in the District of Columbia,” he quipped. (Wisconsin State Journal)

-- David A. Fahrenthold has the latest on Trump’s dubious claims of charitable giving – this time on his NBC show “The Apprentice”: “For Trump, ‘The Apprentice’ — and later, ‘The Celebrity Apprentice’ — helped reestablish him as a national figure, after his fall into debt and corporate bankruptcies in the 1990s. On-screen, Trump was a wise, tough businessman. And, at times, a kind­hearted philanthropist — willing to give away thousands on a whim. On-air, Trump seemed to be explicit that this wasn’t TV fakery: The money he was giving was his own. ‘Out of my wallet,’ Trump said in one case. ‘Out of my own account,’ he said in another. But, when the cameras were off, the payments came from other people’s money.” The Post tracked all the “personal” gifts that Trump promised on the show but could not confirm a single case in which Trump actually sent a gift from his own pocket.

In 2012, Trump became more generous on the air – giving six $10,000 donations in a single episode, in one example. His gifts brought one insult comedian to tears. But a mystery remained: What happened in 2012 to make Trump so much more generous on the air? “In the tax records of the Trump Foundation … there is no record of a donation from Trump himself in 2012. But, in 2012, the Trump Foundation’s records show a large gift from NBC, the network that aired the show. That was more than enough to cover all the foundation’s gifts to ‘Celebrity Apprentice’ contestants’ charities, both before 2012 and since. For NBC, Trump’s ‘personal’ donations made for better TV … [giving] uplifting notes to the ‘firings’ and [burnishing] the reputation of Trump, the show’s star. Did NBC give Trump’s foundation money, so that Trump could appear to be more generous on-camera?”

-- Tom Hamburger, Dana Priest and Andrew Roth have the backstory on how Trump's campaign chairman revived his career – and his business fortunes – in Ukraine: “Manafort’s 2005 entry into Ukrainian politics and finances came when he signed on as an adviser to the steel magnate Rinat Akhmetov, one of Ukraine’s richest oligarchs and a key supporter of Yanukovych and the Party of Regions … Manafort’s first job was to burnish the local and international reputation of a company owned by Akhmetov based in the Russian-speaking industrial Donetsk region. Over time, Manafort’s role with the party expanded.”

“As Manafort built a political consulting practice in Ukraine, he also developed financial connections with wealthy figures in the region, some of whom face ongoing scrutiny from the Justice Department. … In 2008, he tried to develop an $850 million Manhattan luxury apartment project with Dmitry Firtash, a Ukrainian energy tycoon with a history of legal trouble. U.S. prosecutors charged Firtash in 2013 with money-laundering and bribery … In another business venture, Oleg Deripaska, a Russian aluminum magnate, accused Manafort in a court in the Cayman Islands of taking nearly $19 million intended for investments, then not accounting for the money.” Manafort insisted he had cut his ties with his Ukrainian client in 2014. But former colleagues however, say he continued to work for the party, and was seen in the country as recently as October.

-- ""Ukraine Releases More Details on Payments for Trump Aide,” from the New York Times: “The Ukrainian authorities, under pressure to bolster their assertion that once-secret accounting documents show cash payments from a pro-Russian political party earmarked for Manafort, on Thursday released line-item entries, some for millions of dollars. The former party member, Vitaly A. Kalyuzhny, for a time chairman of the Ukraine Parliament’s International Relations Committee, had signed nine times for receipt of payments designated for ... Manafort, according to Serhiy A. Leshchenko, a member of Parliament who has studied the documents. The ledger covered payments from 2007 to 2012, when Mr. Manafort worked for the party and its leader, Viktor F. Yanukovych, Ukraine’s former president who was deposed.”

-- Trump advisers waged covert influence campaign,” by the AP's Jeff Horwitz and Chad Day: “A firm run by Trump's campaign chairman directly orchestrated a covert Washington lobbying operation on behalf of Ukraine's ruling political party, attempting to sway American public opinion in favor of the country's pro-Russian government. Manafort and his deputy, Rick Gates, never disclosed their work as foreign agents as required under federal law. The lobbying included attempts to gain positive press coverage of Ukrainian officials in [the NYT, WSJ, and the AP]. Another goal: undercutting American public sympathy for the imprisoned rival of Ukraine's then-president.

“The emails appear to contradict the assertion that the nonprofit's lobbying campaign operated independently from Manafort's firm. In papers filed in the U.S. Senate, Mercury and the Podesta Group listed the European nonprofit as an independent, nonpolitical client. The firms said the center stated in writing that it was not aligned with any foreign political entity. The emails show that Gates personally directed two Washington lobbying firms … to set up meetings between a top Ukrainian official and senators and congressmen on influential committees involving Ukrainian interests. Gates noted in the emails that … Ukraine's foreign minister, did not want to use his own embassy in the United States to help coordinate the visits. And Gates directed efforts to undercut sympathy for Yulia Tymoshenko, an imprisoned rival of then-President Viktor Yanukovych.”

MORE FALLOUT FROM THE BREITBART-IZATION OF THE GOP:

-- Former Breitbart News spokesman Kurt Bardella slammed Stephen Bannon for regularly disparaging minorities, women and immigrants – saying editorial meetings for the publication often sounded “like a white supremacist rally.” “This is someone who has a very low moral compass,” he said on ABC’s “Powerhouse Politics” podcast, “and the idea that this is the type of person that Donald Trump, as the Republican nominee, as president, would have closest to him is very disturbing.”

-- Bannon’s ascension to the post of Trump campaign CEO represents a dangerous seizure of the conservative movement by the alt-right, another ex-Breitbart employee, Ben Shapiro, writes in an op-ed for The Post. “It comes as a surprise — or at least it should — that the RNC appears ready to go along with the Bannon-Breitbart-Trump takeover over the party, even as the Trump campaign’s latest move means RNC Chairman Reince Priebus now sits, effectively, side by side with alt-right Trump fans. … Broad swaths of the alt-right, by contrast, believe in a creed-free, race-based nationalism, insisting, among other things, that birth on American soil confers superiority. The alt-right sees limited-government constitutionalism as passé; it holds that only nationalist populism on the basis of shared tribal identity can save the country. It’s a movement shot through with racism and anti-Semitism. [Now], it is this is the cast of characters, and their enablers, to whom Trump has turned. Bannon is … the guy who ushered along the twisted turn at Breitbart. If Republicans aren’t careful, he’ll inflict similar damage on their party now that he’s the top man running their standard-bearer’s campaign.”

-- Reacting to Trump bringing on Bannon, Stuart Stevens (Mitt Romney’s chief strategist in 2012) told Bloomberg: “This is the bunker scene in ‘Downfall,’ only the Trump crowd won’t tell Hitler the truth. It’s utter madness. Trump is a nut, and he likes to surround himself with nuts.”

-- Bannon is already making an imprint: The Trump campaign hired an ex-Sarah Palin aide, Pam Pryor, to oversee its “faith and Christian outreach,"" per the Wall Street Journal.

-- A secretive donor has more sway than ever over Trump’s orbit. The New York Times’ Nicholas Confessore reports on how his deep-pocketed family helped put the shake-up into motion and now has close allies in positions of authority: “[Bannon’s] ascension on Wednesday — urged on Mr. Trump by (Rebecca) Mercer, among others — shows how a cadre of strategists, ‘super PACs’ and political organizations quietly nurtured by her family have emerged to play a pivotal role in Mr. Trump’s presidential campaign. Over more than half a decade, Ms. Mercer’s father, the New York investor Robert Mercer, has carved an idiosyncratic path through conservative politics, spending tens of millions of dollars to outflank his own party’s consultant class and unnerve its established powers. His fortune has financed think tanks and insurgent candidates, super PACs and media watchdogs, lobbying groups and grass-roots organizations. Many of them are now connected, one way or another, to Mr. Trump’s presidential bid. Mr. Trump’s new campaign manager, Kellyanne Conway, is a veteran Republican pollster who previously oversaw a super PAC financed by the Mercers.” And Bannon oversees Breitbart, a company to which Mercer reportedly invested $10 million several years ago, and “likely still has a stake.”

WHEN IN DOUBT, BLAME THE MEDIA:

-- In Charlotte last night, Trump said the media created some of the controversies that have dogged him. “The establishment media doesn’t cover what really matters in this country, or what’s really going on in people’s lives,” he said. “They will take words of mine out of context and spend a week obsessing over every single syllable, and then pretend to discover some hidden meaning in what I said.”

-- In New Hampshire yesterday, Mike Pence said the press – not Trump – is to blame for the ticket’s slide in the polls. “Just about every day, the national media latches onto some issue about my running mate. It really does,” the Indiana governor said in Manchester. “I mean, the media is so busy parsing every word that Donald Trump said in the last 30 minutes, they don’t have time to cover what the Clintons have been up to for the last 30 years.” (Time)

BUT AT WHAT COST?

-- An important factor in the rise of Trump: Only 32 percent of Republicans trusted the media a “great deal” or a “fair amount” in Gallup polling from last year, which is one reason so many of the tough stories on Trump have been tuned out by his supporters.

-- “We’ve created this monster”: Business Insider’s Oliver Darcy posted the transcript of a thought-provoking interview he did with conservative Wisconsin radio host Charlie Sykes (a prominent critic of the GOP nominee) about how significant distrust of the media has been in both the rise and resilience of Trump. It’s worth reading in full:

“We’ve basically eliminated any of the referees, the gatekeepers,” Sykes said. There’s nobody. Let’s say that Donald Trump basically makes whatever you want to say, whatever claim he wants to make. And everybody knows it’s a falsehood. The big question of my audience, it is impossible for me to say that, ‘By the way, you know it’s false.’ And they’ll say, ‘Why? I saw it on Allen B. West.’ Or they’ll say, ‘I saw it on a Facebook page.’ And I’ll say, ‘The New York Times did a fact check.’ And they’ll say, ‘Oh, that’s The New York Times. That’s bull-[expletive.]’ There’s nobody – you can’t go to anybody and say ‘Look, here are the facts.’ And I have to say that’s one of the disorienting realities of this political year. You can be in this alternative media reality and there’s no way to break through it. And I swim [upstream] because if I don’t say these things from some of these websites, then suddenly I have sold out. Then they’ll ask what’s wrong with me for not repeating these stories that I know not to be true.”

“When this is all over, we have to go back. There’s got to be a reckoning on all this. We’ve created this monster,” Sykes added. “And look, I’m a conservative talk show host. All conservative hosts have basically established their brand as being contrasted to the mainstream media. So we have spent 20 years demonizing the liberal mainstream media. And by the way, a lot of it has been justifiable. There is a real bias. But, at a certain point you wake up and you realize you have destroyed the credibility of any credible outlet out there. And I am feeling, to a certain extent, that we are reaping a whirlwind at that. And I have to look in the mirror and ask myself, ‘To what extent did I contribute?’ I’ll be honest, the bias of the mainstream media has been a staple for every conservative talk show host, every conservative pundit for as long as I can remember. Going way back into the 1960s with William F. Buckley Jr.”

-- Clinton told FBI investigators that Colin Powell advised her to use a private email account: “The account is included in the notes the Federal Bureau of Investigation handed over to Congress on Tuesday” relaying details behind the FBI’s  decision not to charge Clinton, the New York Times’s Amy Chozick reports. “Separately, in a 2009 email exchange that also emerged during the F.B.I. questioning, Mrs. Clinton, who had already decided to use private email, asked Mr. Powell about his email practices when he was the nation’s top diplomat under George W. Bush, according to a person with direct knowledge of Mr. Powell’s appearance in the documents.”

-- Clinton held a closed-door meeting with top law enforcement officers from around the country in New York, seeking to discuss policing and racial tensions that have been exposed by recent killings. John Wagner and Abby Phillip: ""It's obvious that recent events — from Dallas and Baton Rouge to Milwaukee and across the country — underscore how difficult and important the work is ahead of us to repair the bonds of trust and respect between our police officers and our communities,"" Clinton said, before dismissing reporters. 'We have to be clear-eyed about the challenges we face. We can't ignore them, and certainly we must not inflame them.'""

Clinton has sought to toe a somewhat narrow line, expressing support for officers while sympathizing with the concerns of Black Lives Matter activists and others outraged by discriminatory conduct. Trump, meanwhile, has cast himself as the “law and order” candidate, blasting Clinton in rallies as someone who is “against the police.” “I’m on your side a thousand percent,” Trump said during the meeting with a Fraternal Order of Police chapter this week.

-- Awkward: Trump and Clinton have set up White House transition offices in the same building, Lisa Rein reports: “It’s the first time in history that two presidential campaigns have worked to set up their governments in miniature literally side-by-side, riding the same elevators to adjacent floors of the tony, marble-floored building as they plan to govern.” The two will get two floors of federally-funded office space in the modern digs, along with millions in GSA-provided computers and technical support.

-- Trump and Clinton are slated to appear on the same stage next month at a “commander-in-chief forum” hosted a veterans group and broadcast on NBC. The two will field questions from NBC hosts, John Wagner reports, as well as an audience comprised mainly of current and former service members.

-- Wired Magazine, taking a side in a presidential race for the first time, endorsed HRC: “For all the barbs aimed at Clinton—the whole calculating, tactical, Tracy Flick enchilada—she is the only candidate who can assess the data, consult with the people who need to be heard, and make decisions that she can logically defend,” editor in chief Scott Dadich writes. “Sure, she’s calculating. She’s tactical. There are worse things you can ask of a person with nuclear codes.”

-- Speaking of endorsements: Trump still has the vote of “Benghazi mom,” even though the guy who wrote her speech to the RNC wrote an op-ed saying that he may vote for Clinton. (People Magazine)

-- The Green Party candidates showed why they're not getting much traction during an awkward CNN appearance. Presidential nominee Jill Stein appeared alongside running-mate Ajamu Baraka for a live town hall event last nigh, Dave Weigel reports. ""Stein used most of the airtime to repeat her campaign's themes, from the cancellation of student debt to the cancellation of much military spending. She told one [Bernie Sanders] voter that the senator had been ‘relegated to a very low-profile role’ at the Democratic convention — which was untrue — and told another that bankers' debt was ‘canceled’ by the Troubled Asset Relief Program.” The two also answered to several campaign gaffes – moderator Chris Cuomo pushed Baraka on why he had referred to Obama as an “Uncle Tom.” And Stein was also pressed on whether she was anti-vaccine, a charge she ultimately dismissed as “ridiculous.”

-- Bernie is slated to launch his new progressive organization, “Our Revolution,” next week: Sanders, who began fundraising for the group earlier this month, has said he hopes to “transform American society” by mobilizing young people, working people and progressives. (Burlington Free Press)

THE BATTLE FOR THE SENATE:

-- Sen. Richard Burr (R-N.C.), the Senate Intelligence Committee chairman who once seemed primed for an easy reelection campaign, is now in trouble. National Review's Alexis Levinson reports that the Republican incumbent has barely begun campaigning in the state and must share the ballot with TWO deeply unpopular Republicans. Besides Trump, Pat McCrory, who signed the state’s “bathroom bill” into law, is very likely to lose reelection.

-- Carpetbagging alert: Indiana election officials concluded that Evan Bayh is an ""INACTIVE"" voter in their state after he failed to establish his residency in Indianapolis, CNN’s Manu Raju reports. The news comes as an additional hurdle for Bayh, who has stayed at a Marriott when he’s gone back to the state rather than his condo. Electric bills earlier this week made clear that he spends no time at his residence.

-- He's back: George W. Bush is planning to visit Indiana next month to stump for Bayh’s Republican opponent, Todd Young, hoping to shore up support for the Republican congressman and close a large fundraising advantage held by Bayh. (WDRB)

-- Rep. Michael McCaul declined to rule out the idea of challenging Ted Cruz for his Texas senate seat in 2018, fueling speculation that he is being courted by major donors to launch a bid. “Asked to rate Cruz's Senate tenure, McCaul said his fellow Texan has ‘spent a lot of time running for president.’ And though McCaul said he's focused on his re-election to the House this fall, he wouldn't limit his future prospects. ‘Never say never,’” he told reporters. (The Dallas Morning News)

-- “They survived Hurricane Katrina and rebuilt in Baton Rouge. Now they’ve lost everything again,” by Emma Brown, Ashley Cusick and Mark Berman: “When Hurricane Katrina leveled New Orleans, thousands of people left behind their ruined homes and took refuge here. They found new jobs and rebuilt their homes. Slowly, things started to feel normal again. But then a nameless storm brought unprecedented flooding to Baton Rouge and a wide swath of southern Louisiana over the last week. Countless Katrina survivors have been left, for a second time, with nothing. Two displacements, two traumas. A loss that has left many feeling tired, battered and hopeless. And even as many face unclear futures and questions about where they will live, experts say they are also concerned about the mental health consequences for Katrina survivors now weathering this new loss. 'I want to get away from water, get away from low-lying areas,' said Jerry Savage, who lost both his home and his lawn-care business in Katrina, then rebuilt both in Baton Rouge only to lose them again. 'I want to get out of here.'""

Republicans seized on the news from the State Department:

A New York City spokesman made this joke at Trump's expense:

Without context or additional explanation, Trump declared he will soon be known as ""Mr. Brexit."" Ostensibly he was referring to the idea of an upset that shocks elites.

""Mr. Brexit immediately began trending globally,"" Jennifer Hassan and Max Bearak report. ""Thousands of users questioned exactly what Trump meant by his triumphal prognostication.""

Many Brits feel like their own leaders deserve the title:

The problematic logic of arguing big crowds point to a future win:

A joke from the polling director at the Huffington Post:

Former George W. Bush White House Press Secretary Dana Perino responded to fans who want her to give them good news about the GOP's chances this election:

Watch Dana spar with the other hosts on ""The Five"" about it:

Brothers from opposite sides of the aisle -- one is the executive director of the North Carolina Republican Party and the other is a former DNC communications director who has worked for a constellation of liberal outside groups -- clashed publicly over a Republican effort to limit early voting in the Tar Heel State:

Tim Kaine and Tom Vilsack visited the Butter Cow at the Iowa State Fair:

Some 2008 campaign swag, courtesy of Cindy McCain:

Jon Stewart appeared in the final episode of Larry Wilmore's show, which was canceled by Comedy Central. (Read a show summary here.)

On the campaign trail: Trump is in Dimondale, Mich.

At the White House: Obama is in Martha's Vineyard, Mass.

On Capitol Hill: The Senate and House are out.

NEWS YOU CAN USE IF YOU LIVE IN D.C.:

-- The Capital Weather Gang forecasts a sunny, “tolerably” humid Friday. “Mostly sunny, at least through midday. We’ll see a light north-northeasterly breeze around 5 mph. What’s not to like? Well, right, it’s still at least five degrees above average for this time of year, with high temperatures forecast to be around 90 and maybe a few mid-90s possible. Enjoy the quietness, even if it is a bit warm. On these hot days, there could always be an isolated shower or storm, but most or all folks staying dry is the best bet.” We’ll take it!

-- The Federal Transit Administration announced it will spend $900,000 to hire and train federal contractors to form an eventually permanent Metro safety oversight agency. Officials say the new contractors will perform immediate inspections and investigations on the Metro, eventually transferring their knowledge base to the new safety oversight commission when it is established. (Faiz Siddiqui)

-- A Latino advocate in Virginia was found guilty of fraud after she posed as an attorney to cheat clients out of thousands of dollars, falsely promising to help them obtain legal status. (Antonio Olivo)

-- As the National Museum of African American History gears up for opening day next month, its director opened up about the “painful but crucial” process museum leaders went through as they grappled with how much of the dark corners of U.S. history to expose. The museum’s structure, they say, is purposefully designed to reflect that struggle. (Krissah Thompson has more.)

CBS compiled what it says are Stephen Colbert's five most ""hilarious Hillary takedowns"" and his five ""most scorching burns"" of Trump.

The largest aircraft in the world just took flight:

Bloomberg broke down Trump's strange combination of idioms, expressions, and filler phrases:

The DNC released this video on Trump's refusal to release his tax returns:

Comedy Central mashed up videos of cats who dislike Trump:

A parody trailer for ""Mad Trump: Fury Road"" went up in June but has been making the rounds again online:

Finally, watch the making of the naked Trump statues that were placed in New York, San Francisco and other cities:",1
4671,"For young black activists, an urgent task: Persuading peers to vote","Kahlida Lloyd can explain her reasons for voting for Hillary Clinton, even if she is not especially excited about them. But she has a hard time making the case to obstinate friends why they should support the Democratic presidential nominee.

Lloyd, 31, a lawyer, sought advice from other black millennials during a recent lunchtime gathering in downtown Washington. What should she say to encourage young black voters, who rallied in 2008 and 2012 to help Barack Obama make history as the first African American president, to show a little of that enthusiasm for Clinton?

“I just don’t want the first woman president to be elected because the other person sucks, but that’s where I think we are,” Lloyd said in an interview after the event last week hosted by #WeVote, a new effort aimed at mobilizing young black voters. “People either say, ‘Donald Trump is not where it’s at, so I’m going to vote for Hillary.’ Or you have people say, ‘Donald Trump is not where it’s at; I’m not going to vote at all.’ And that’s not cool.”

Younger African Americans, like many millennials, are not excited about this year’s presidential election. The Clinton campaign, which has sought to reassemble the Obama coalition, has struggled to connect with a key piece of it: voters under 30.

Turnout among African Americans under age 30 spiked from 49 percent in 2004 to 57 percent in 2008, but it dipped to 53 percent in 2012, according to Census Bureau data. While 43 percent of Obama supporters under age 40 were “very enthusiastic” about him in 2012, just 24 percent of Clinton supporters under age 40 feel the same way about her now, according to September averages of Washington Post-ABC News polls from four years ago and this year.

Black activists and organizers, frustrated with the Clinton campaign’s inability to engage young voters, have taken it upon themselves to challenge their peers to consider the consequences if Republicans take the White House and keep control of both houses of Congress. They also have encouraged young voters to focus on state and local elections, because those officials make decisions about how police departments and schools are run, issues that more directly affect their lives.

[For ‘Black and Engaged’ millennial activists, politics is local]

Voting rights were an important victory of the civil rights era, and because Trump’s campaign has laid bare racist attitudes, the seeming indifference of black millennials to the election has sparked broad discussion within the African American community.

But young people who say that the political system has failed them argue that they don’t owe it to anyone — not even the often-cited warriors of the civil rights movement — to participate in the presidential election. Many are critical of some black political leaders for framing the election as a choice between an archenemy and an old friend rather than talking about the issues, such as what they view as broken economic and criminal justice systems.

“We know what the issues are. What we can’t seem to get is candidates to talk about them in a nuanced way,” said Lauren Brown, 34, a public relations professional who said she has not been moved by Clinton’s talking points on addressing police violence against black people or economic equity for women of color. “This election cycle is more about who you hate more than who you like.”

Brown decided to vote for Clinton after taking part in a discussion during an event, hosted last month in Philadelphia by a civic project called Black and Engaged, about the stakes in the campaign. Trump’s debate performances also helped sway her.

Carmen Berkley, director of civil, human and women’s rights for the AFL-CIO, said many black millennials have to stop “waiting to have that same level of excitement” they felt for Obama’s campaign. “If I had my choice of who would be the president, it probably would be Michelle Obama, but she’s not running for president. Hillary Clinton is.”

But the first lady and the president could be effective surrogates to persuade young black people to put aside their doubts about voting for Clinton. Although Michelle Obama’s well-regarded speech taking on Trump’s vulgar comments about women was made before a largely white audience in New Hampshire, it was widely shared and discussed on social media, and black women in particular praised the first lady for speaking out about sexual harassment.

[Black women are most worried about the outcome of the 2016 election, poll finds]

Denise Horn, a spokeswoman for the campaign, said the Obamas are among several surrogates, including Sens. Bernie Sanders (Vt.) and Elizabeth Warren (Mass.), who are popular among millennial voters and will continue to make the case for Clinton.

Berkley, 31, said some black millennials are being overly critical of Clinton, for instance, by continuing to criticize her for supporting her husband’s 1994 crime bill and using the term “super predator” to describe some young offenders. They don’t give her credit for having apologized, or for pledging to work to achieve criminal justice reform. “Here, you have a candidate who says, ‘I messed up, and I’m willing to change.’ ” Berkley said. “I think that is powerful. We have — as activists, organizers and everyday people — the power to bring pressure on political leaders to get what we want.”

Symone D. Sanders, 26, a top aide to Sen. Bernie Sanders during his Democratic primary campaign, co-founded #WeVote along with three other millennial activists to urge their peers to register and vote. Lloyd was among about 145 people who attended the Washington event. Similar gatherings are planned around the country.

Other efforts to engage millennial activists include BlackPAC, which got funding from the pro-Clinton super PAC Priorities USA to do outreach in Florida, and the Color Of Change PAC, which got money from the progressive For Our Future super PAC to court voters in battleground states via text message.

“I think it’s extremely important that the message we take from this room, when we’re going out into our individual networks, is that this is not the election to sit on the sidelines,” Sanders said during last week’s discussion. “There are so many things, as President Obama has said, that are on the ballot: Our progress as a country is on the ballot, criminal justice reform and the future of criminal justice reform in this country is on the ballot, our economy and who will be able to get a job is on the ballot. So if those are the things you care about, that is why we have to go to the polls.”

But Lloyd told Sanders and members of the panel that she had been having trouble convincing others that they should vote for Clinton.

“After the first African American president of the United States of America, we cannot afford not to vote,” said panelist Mary-Pat Hector, national youth director for the National Action Network and a student at Spelman College in Atlanta.

“We cannot risk [Supreme Court] justices that are going to push us back. All of the things that we’ve worked so hard for, not only as African Americans, but as women, can be gone — tomorrow. We cannot allow someone who does not care about us win. So if that means voting for Hillary Clinton, then so be it.”

DeRay Mckesson, a prominent leader in the Black Lives Matter movement also on the panel, said the campaign has not offered a compelling, affirmative reason to vote for Clinton, nor a credible surrogate who can speak to young black voters in the way that Atlanta rapper Killer Mike represented Sanders.

“I don’t know who is out there like that for Hillary. Trump drives us all nuts, but we know Trump wants to build a wall,” Mckesson said. “I’m an insider in the criminal justice space, and sometimes I’m, like, ‘What is it Hillary’s going to do?’ That is a problem.”

Clinton campaign aides say she has not only talked about issues affecting communities of color but has offered detailed proposals to address such concerns as criminal justice, income inequality and infrastructure in neglected neighborhoods.

Addisu Demissie, director of national voter outreach, said the campaign has been doing extensive outreach to black voters — including millennials — in their communities, and in recent weeks African American celebrities and athletes have been more active on the trail. Over the weekend, hip-hop artist Pusha T joined fellow Virginian and Clinton running mate Tim Kaine for a campaign event in Liberty City, a predominantly black, low-income community in Miami.

Maya Harris, senior policy adviser, said Clinton’s economic agenda “touches on various issues that are related to wealth and income inequality, specifically addressing the African American community.”

“Does that mean there are not more policies that we could or should pursue if she is fortunate enough to be elected president? Of course not,” she said. “But is her policy agenda one that recognizes the specific circumstances and challenges and lack of opportunities in the African American community, not only recognizes it, but puts forth solutions to begin to address those issues and create opportunities? Absolutely.”

Lloyd, who said she gave money and volunteered for Obama’s campaigns, had not been active for Clinton. The #WeVote discussion inspired her to sign up for a text-a-thon. She sent messages to more than 500 mostly black voters in Pennsylvania.

“I definitely think that event ignited something in me, made me want to take advantage of opportunities to share with others,” she said.",1
1878,Marco Rubio’s big gamble,"Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) is officially in for the 2016 presidential race, telling the Associated Press that he feels he is ""uniquely qualified"" to run and serve.

And Rubio is nothing if not unique in today's GOP. He's young (43 years old) in an increasingly old party, he's Hispanic in a party that is hemorrhaging Latino votes, he's a very good communicator in a party that struggled to find one in 2012, and he has ties to both the tea party and the party establishment in a party that is very much split between the two. And as we've argued before, he has more upside than just about anybody in the 2016 race -- Republican or Democrat.

He's also putting a lot more on the line than just about anybody else. For a few reasons:

Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) is also running for president and, like Rubio, is up for reelection in 2016. But because Paul comes from a red state and the filing deadline for his seat isn't till late January 2016, he could potentially revert to staying in the Senate if his presidential campaign doesn't catch fire.

Rubio doesn't have that luxury. He comes from Florida, a big swing state in which you need to be focused on that race from day one. Democrats already have a solid contender in Rep. Patrick Murphy, and other Republicans are already looking at running for Rubio's seat.

The filing deadline in Florida isn't till May 2016, so Rubio could conceivably attempt what Paul is doing -- he hasn't quite ruled it out, though he came close -- but national Republicans can't really afford to let Democrats get that much of a head start in a very important state while Rubio figures out whether he can win the GOP presidential nomination.

All the other GOP hopefuls either aren't up in 2016 -- Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker and Sens. Ted Cruz (R-Tex.) and Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.), for instance -- or are out of office altogether.

Rubio, as the youngest GOP hopeful in the field, is the only one giving up a bird in hand for the possibility of two in the bush.

Well it doesn't matter if he doesn't win the nomination, you might say, because he's got a really good shot at becoming the vice presidential pick. This makes complete sense; with Republicans likely to nominate another white man and likely to face the potential first female president, getting some diversity on their ticket will be key.

And nobody fits the bill better than Rubio. Some are even joking about Rubio running for VP:

But the idea that Rubio could run for president with being VP as a backup plan took a significant hit the day Jeb Bush started running for president. That's because the fellow Floridian is perhaps the likeliest (if not likely, period) nominee, and the Constitution basically precludes him from picking Rubio as his running mate.

It says that no state can cast its electoral votes for a ticket that includes to people from their own state. And given Florida's 29 electoral votes are, well, kind of important, it's really hard to see Bush picking Rubio -- unless one of them conveniently established residency outside the Sunshine State.

In short, at this point Bush seems like the most likely nominee, and Rubio the most likely vice presidential pick, but Bush won't pick Rubio.

3) He has a lot more time

Rubio's youth also means he has more time to wage a political comeback, yes. But there are no guarantees in a state like Florida, and winning office is much more difficult than holding an office you already inhabit.

What's more, the Republican bench in Florida is teeming with ambitious young pols, by virtue of the GOP dominance of the state. The GOP controls all statewide offices and about two-thirds of the state legislature.

No, Republicans haven't exactly fielded the greatest candidates in recent years (Connie Mack, much?), but there are lots of new faces these days. That means that, if this whole 2016 thing doesn't pan out, Rubio can't count on returning to statewide office in Florida any time soon. Rubio would certainly be a frontrunner, but he would probably have to fight for it.

Time works both ways. Yes, Rubio would have years to mount a comeback. But it also means he has time to wait for another presidential campaign -- one in which he wouldn't have to give up his seat in the Senate to run.

And yet, he has chosen to strike while the iron is semi-warm and risk his political future on running for president.

What's clear is that he doesn't enter into it lightly.

Update: Longtime Florida political reporter Adam Smith tells our own Fix Boss about the reasoning for Rubio's move:",1
1525,Donald Trump's year of tweeting dangerously,"Killing Obama administration rules, dismantling Obamacare and pushing through tax reform are on the early to-do list.",1
4265,National Review disses Donald Trump: Why the magazine's plan won't work,"In a last dash, final ""hail mary"" attempt to end a Donald Trump run for the White House once and for all, the National Review has decided to eviscerate the Republican front runner on the basis that he is not a conservative.

It will not work.

Publications like National Review, run by elite ""conservatives"" have given us George W. Bush and his wars, ""No Child Left Behind,"" Medicare Part D, huge deficits caused by Republican consultants spending to woo select voters, Mitt ""Romneycare"" Romney, John McCain...the list goes on and on.

William F. Buckley, who founded National Review, used the magazine to publish a stellar series of essays by conservative intellectuals who helped foster the Reagan Revolution.

Since then, ""movement conservatism"" has not been a powerful enough force to make things better for the working classes in the country.

This vacuum, created by the ""conservative"" elites who have backed RINOs (Republicans in Name Only) and candidates who are antithetical to conservatism, is what created the opportunity for Donald Trump to rise.

In fact, publications like National Review have such a blind spot, they never even saw devout, pro-America nationalists like Trump taking off.

They aren't credible in their criticism of Trump because they never saw it coming.

Beyond that, and most importantly, they told us we -- the conservatives who are sick and tired of elistist, establishment blunders -- were wrong.

And they still don't get it.

Trump's appeal stretches far beyond disgruntled, outside the country club conservatives. His potential for crossover support, especially with blue collar and working class voters, is huge. Most establishment Republicans have never met a blue collar worker (unless they were fixing their Jacuzzi).

I can see Trump winning coal miners, unionized construction workers, auto workers, steel workers, Teamsters, etc.

Trump may even score a larger share of black votes with his immigration stand. His appeal to working class voters is a very under reported story, but it's evident because even President Barack Obama himself mentioned Trump by name during an interview with NPR in which he said that Trump is tapping into the ""anger of the blue collar white male.""

This showcases just how scared the left is when it comes to Trump's potential to tear into demographics that Democrats have largely considered theirs.

The bed wetters at the RNC are dreaming of a GOP that grows because it attracts Latinos, pro-abortion millennial women and other hopelessly Democratic voters. Trump's coalition of adding working class voters (who actually work) makes more sense.

I have respect for National Review as an institution, but the cover and series of articles designed to hurt Trump only hurts the elitest, Beltway crowd they represent because it exposes why he is the seemingly solid and unstoppable frontrunner: it's because of them.

They have failed us, not Trump. Donald Trump is merely capitalizing on a moment in a pursuit to make America Great Again, in spite of the failures of the conservative movement.

Just like they were too dense to see Trump's rise, they don't understand why it occurred.

National Review, it's time for your Man in the Mirror moment. People are more concerned about the country they love, than they are your brand of ""conservatism.""

By trying to take out the most popular candidate in this race who has the best general election shot of any of them to win the White House and reverse the progressive policies of Barack Obama, Beltway, frat boy type elitists are proving my point: they don't get it.

And from the looks of it, they never will.",1
771,Hillary Clinton's 'Delegate Hell',"""One should not insist on nailing [Trump] into positions that he had taken in the campaign,"" he said.",1
161,Congress likely to blow budget deadline,"Asked what Trump will do while in Florida, spokesman Jason Miller said the transition team has not released a schedule and said Trump also intends to...",1
4083,Ukraine Withdraws Forces After Fight Over Strategic City,"Following heavy shelling in what had been a Ukraine-controlled city, the central government's force is retreating from Debaltseve, a key railroad and transportation hub. Ukraine says it has now withdrawn 80 percent of its armed forces from the city.

""I can say now that the Ukrainian armed forces and the National Guard completed an operation on the planned and organized withdrawal of some units from Debaltseve this morning,"" Ukraine's President Petro Poroshenko said, according to the Interfax news agency in Ukraine.

""Some 80 percent of the units have already been pulled out,"" he said before leaving to visit eastern Ukraine Wednesday. He added that two more columns of troops will be withdrawn from Debaltseve.

Poroshenko is seeking a ""tough reaction"" from international leaders who brokered the recent cease-fire with Russian-backed separatists. A spokesman for German Chancellor Angela Merkel, who was instrumental in the peace talks, says the rebels are committing ""a massive violation"" of the temporary peace.

A conference call is scheduled for later today, in which Ukraine, Russia, France and Germany will discuss possible reactions, according to a French official.

""A cease-fire was officially supposed to have taken effect on Sunday, but relentless shelling kept up around Debaltseve, a railroad hub defended by hundreds of Ukrainian troops. ""The troops have been effectively surrounded by Russian-backed militias for days. ""Observers from the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe say the separatist militias are preventing them from entering the area to monitor the cease fire.""

Corey says the separatists have insisted that the peace agreement doesn't apply to Debaltseve.

""One reason they're so determined to take that town,"" he says, ""is that it was part of a Ukrainian-controlled pocket that pokes deep into the separatist front lines.""",1
5154,"Playing the “rigged” card: Trump, Jones and other conspiracy mongers must look within the GOP for the legit scandals","As predicted by anyone who knows how the FBI works and, more importantly, by anyone who knows the actual law in question, Hillary Clinton won’t be indicted by the FBI or the Justice Department over the use of a private email server. Firstly, conspiracy theorists and Hillary haters alike have been peddling the misinformation that the FBI is capable of indicting people, which it’s not. Secondly, even if the FBI could single-handedly indict someone, which it can’t, there’s clearly no evidence proving Hillary deliberately broke the law.

We also know that the announcement by the FBI’s James Comey on Tuesday won’t dissuade the aforementioned Hillary haters from continuing to beat-to-death the Benghazi issue and everything orbiting it, including the email server, even though every investigation has turned up nothing — and this includes investigations by the hyper-litigious Republicans who have no reason to exonerate Hillary, and every reason to summarily jail her. And, among the usual suspects whose indictment fantasies border on obsessive, there’s Donald Trump:

Trump joins a growing faction of politicians and observers who are actively abusing the “rigged” card whenever events don’t go their way. Broadly speaking, Trump’s been transparently courting disaffected Bernie Sanders loyalists by echoing their claims of a rigged primary process, despite the fact that Bernie himself stated that the process was fair and square. Bernie even went so far as to explicitly tell CBS News that the system is “not rigged.”

Nevertheless, garment rending over rigged votes or rigged investigations in America is indicative of the growing influence of conspiracy theory marketeering here, fueled primarily by social media gossip and the exploitative rantings of radio flimflam artist Alex Jones, who’s made a fortune by taking advantage of those who are predisposed to believing wild schemes about sinister plots to undermine democracy. Losing an election? Well, then, it’s not that you ran a shoddy campaign, the system is obviously rigged against you. No scandal where you wrongly insisted there was one? Rigged. Or if your career and personal wealth are predicated upon marketing in allegations that the system is rigged, then, naturally, everything is rigged. Except, that is, the deeds of Jones and Trump, who always deal in truths, right?

In the social media age, the old maxim is again proved: a lie travels halfway around the world before the truth gets its pants on. The notion of a rigged system from top-to-bottom has become so entrenched that not even 13 published reports, the involvement of 10 congressional committees, the testimony of 252 witnesses, the convening of 33 congressional hearings and $7 million in funding for the Benghazi select committee can dislodge it from the deranged brain-pans of those who simply want the Benghazi conspiracies to be true. Jones and Trump are observant enough to understand that social media users, in particular, are suckers and easy marks — unthinkingly retweeting quick hits about unsourced or entirely fake claims. If your Facebook news feed isn’t festooned with fake articles inadvertently shared by friends who never bother to think critically, and that’s if they read the article in the first place before posting, which they often don’t, you’re one of the lucky ones.

Here’s the real crisis, though. When everything is rigged, then nothing is. By turning every news event into either a false flag or a red flag, or both, legitimately rigged aspects of the system become drowned in a bathtub of gibberish and half-baked pulp fiction. Between Bernie loyalists continuing to screech about rigged primaries, and Trump people engaging in daily meltdowns about the rigged email investigation, along with the rest of us who are tasked with swatting down both sets of scandals, there are very few participants who are paying attention to real crises such as, for example, gerrymandering and voter ID laws. Indeed, we’re four months away from another presidential election, and exactly nothing is being done to expand opportunities to vote, while offering voters a fair slate of candidates that aren’t shuffled into office again and again because congressional districts were deliberately redrawn to suit their victories. The latter, gerrymandering, is exploited by both parties, while voter ID laws have been passed by Republicans for the express purpose of disenfranchising Democratic voters and therefore electing more Republicans. Casting a ballot in the United States, of all places, should be easier than ordering a burger at a drive-thru window, yet we can already safely assume that precincts across the nation won’t have enough ballots or enough voting booths, and lines will be prohibitively long. We also know that nothing is being done to roll back voter ID laws, each one making it unconstitutionally difficult for students, lower-income workers and elderly voters to cast ballots. And we know that a growing list of Republicans have confirmed our suspicions about the ID laws — that they’re designed solely to put a thumb on the scales for the GOP — a fact that’s supported by the reality that there’s a 0.00000031 chance of voter fraud, based on a Bush administration study from 2002-2007. Conveniently, too much attention is being paid to a completely disproved conspiracy theory about Hillary and Benghazi, as well as evidence-free allegations of Hillary somehow rigging the primary election in her favor, even though there are volumes of statistics, as well as quotes from various Republicans, confirming the true purpose of voter ID laws. As for gerrymandering, the practice and its consequences are self-evident. Put another way, there’s a reason why the House of Representatives is loaded with unqualified demagogues who somehow remain in office long past their shelf-life. If as much attention was paid to actual conspiracies as is paid to racist garbage like Obama’s birth certificate or the Vince Foster suicide, voting would be easier and we’d have a real chance to elect a better and more competent litter of politicians for the 115th Congress.",1
3894,Why Netanyahu is confronting the White House,"Jerusalem (CNN) When Israel destroyed Iraq's nuclear reactor in 1981, then-Israeli Prime Minister Menachem Begin drew an important line in the sand: No enemy could be permitted to develop weapons of mass destruction.

Israel, he declared, would defend itself ""with all the means at our disposal.""

These words still reverberate in Israel today, and they help explain why Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is flying to Washington next week to give a controversial speech before Congress on Iran.

Netanyahu wants to thwart a nuclear deal world powers are hammering out with Tehran, a deal that his government believes will leave Iran with the means to potentially develop a nuclear weapon -- and leave him with the same choice Begin faced more than three decades ago.

""This is the primary Israeli fear,"" said Ronen Bergman, military and intelligence analyst for the daily newspaper Yedioth Ahronoth. ""They are afraid at the end of the day, if negotiations fail, Israel would be left alone to make the call -- whether to contain an Iranian nuclear capability or to make the call on the strike.""

In making the trip to Capitol Hill, Netanyahu is willing to risk the ire of the White House, which is chagrined that he is expected to rail against the administration's deal-making and encourage Congress to push for an Iran sanctions package that President Barack Obama has threatened to veto.

And Netanyahu is doing so even amidst recriminations -- over how Republican House Speaker John Boehner and the Israeli Embassy handled the invitation -- that have tainted the atmosphere between the prime minister and the White House. Administration officials charge that the invitation violated protocol and has partisan overtones.

While the Israeli leader's speech might only intensify those bad feelings, Netanyahu has said it's worth the cost of stating his case before the American public. Advisers indicate that with a deal looming, he feels that he has less and less time to prevent what he sees as a catastrophic outcome.

Netanyahu critics and many analysts see a political motive.

His speech to Congress comes two weeks before the Israeli election, in which he is facing a tight race. His security credentials and rhetorical skills are two of his strongest assets, and being welcomed by U.S. senators and representatives could play well on television screens in Tel Aviv. The White House has used the proximity of the elections as its reason for denying Netanyahu an Oval Office meeting during the trip.

But many confidants insist that Netanyahu has a strong ideological conviction on the need to block Iran and treats his roles as protector of Israel and the Jewish people with the utmost seriousness. For him, this is a chance to act before Israel is faced with choosing between an Iranian bomb and bombing Iran.

Inherent in that choice is the fear Israel cannot count on the United States to stop Tehran.

Obama has famously said that he's ""got Israel's back"" when it comes to Iran. Yet Israeli officials say they have watched over the past several years as the Obama administration has backtracked from its firm stance on Iran's nuclear program to a position that could potentially allow Iran to maintain a significant uranium enrichment program.

""What started with zero (centrifuges), then went to a symbolic enrichment capacity of a few hundred. Now it is well known we are speaking about several thousands,"" Israeli Minister of Intelligence Yuval Steinitz said in an interview with CNN. ""We think that the overall goal of the negotiation should be to get rid of the Iranian nuclear threat and not just hold it or restrain it or freeze it.""

Israel maintains that even an Iranian threshold nuclear state, leaving Iran with enough enriched uranium to give it ""break-out capacity"" to build a nuclear weapon, would position Tehran as a superpower in the region and enable it to threaten Israel with impunity.

That would challenge the so-called qualitative military edge that Israel has built up over decades to fend off its enemies. Israeli military leaders worry they may have to think twice about responding to say, a Hezbollah attack on Israeli troops, out of fear of Iranian reprisal.

""This is a severe strategic threat to the variety of options that the national security of Israel stands upon,"" Bergman said. ""They want to have the bomb in order not to use it. They want to position themselves as a regional superpower and this would give them a nuclear umbrella over their heads.""

It's a daily threat to their existence that many Israelis believe the United States -- half a world away -- can't possibly understand. And some Israelis aren't as sanguine as Bergman that Iran wouldn't want to use the bomb.

""I have no doubt about the seriousness and the good intentions of the Obama administration,"" said Steinitz, the intelligence minister. ""Maybe we are more concerned because we feel the threat because they are speaking about the elimination of the Jewish state.""

Moreover, Israel fears a nuclear Iran would spark an arms race in the Middle East, potentially surrounding them with a group of nuclear-armed enemies in a region in turmoil.

While the United States has long pledged to safeguard Israel's security, Israeli leaders now fear the easing in relations between the United States and Iran following the election of President Hasan Rouhani has clouded the Obama administration's judgment. And the U.S.-Iran thaw has come at the same time that tensions between Obama and Netanyahu have escalated.

""The sense in Israel, and it goes way beyond Netanyahu, is that the president underestimates Iran's duplicity, underestimates Iran's ruthlessness, the religious imperative behind its ideology,"" said David Horovitz, editor of the Times of Israel news website.

In addressing Congress next week, aides say that Prime Minister Netanyahu feels compelled to warn the U.S. and the world that, in his view, beneath its friendly new image, Iran is still intent on wiping Israel off the map.

""I think that he feels fated that he is leading the Jewish people when it potentially faces a genocidal threat,"" Horovitz said. ""That is the Netanyahu mindset -- that people are in peril, and he needs to stand firm and say what he wants to say and if necessary take the step that needs to be taken.""",1
749,"GOP Leaders: Donald Trump, Paul Ryan Meeting 'Critical'","A top GOP leader is calling the meeting between Donald Trump and Speaker of the House Paul Ryan critical. The billionaire is heading to Capitol Hill Thursday to try and unify the party after a bruising primary election.

           

 House Republicans are urging the Speaker get behind their party's presumptive nominee. But Ryan, who has been reluctant to support Trump, says he wants to make sure it's done right.

  

 ""Look, I said this the other day: To pretend we are unified as a party after coming through a very bruising primary, which just ended like a week ago, to pretend to unify without actually unifying, then we go into the fall with half strength,"" the Wisconsin lawmaker warned.

  

 The meeting comes in the backdrop of ongoing questions over Trump's refusal to release his tax returns.

""You don't learn much from tax returns, but I would love to give the tax returns,"" the real estate mogul said.

  

 Now Trump says he won't release them until after an IRS audit is done, which may not be until after the election.  Democratic rival Hillary Clinton has pounced on that.

  

 ""My husband and I have released 33 years of tax returns. So you gotta ask yourself why doesn't he want to release them?"" she said.

  

 On the subject of taxes, Politico reports Trump has brought in well-known conservative economists Larry Kudlow and Stephen Moore to help him rewrite his initial tax plan.

It's a plan one group said could tack on an additional $10 trillion to $12 trillion onto America's already exploding national debt, and help the economy grow more.

  

 ""The thing I'm going to do is to make sure the middle class gets good tax breaks because they have been absolutely shunned,"" Trump said. ""The other thing is that I'm going to fight very hard for business.""

  

 Trump is also considering tapping former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani to a head a commission on radical Islam. 

  

 The billionaire told Fox News he may set up the commission to study his immigration policies, including calls for a temporary ban on Muslims coming to America.

  

 But more than a week after officially becoming his party's presumptive nominee, many in the GOP are still split over Trump's conservative credentials.

Meanwhile, although many have questioned whether he can actually beat Clinton in November, a new Reuters poll has him in a dead heat with the former state secretary, with Clinton at 41 percent, Trump at 40 percent and 19 percent undecided.",1
2412,Obamacare group slashes staff,"Killing Obama administration rules, dismantling Obamacare and pushing through tax reform are on the early to-do list.",1
3659,"Hesston, Kansas, mass shooting: what we know","There was a mass shooting in Hesston, Kansas.

Harvey County Sheriff T. Walton said that four people, including the gunman, are dead and 14 are wounded, 10 critically, after a series of shootings at an Excel Industries plant, its parking lot, and nearby streets, according to the Associated Press.

The suspect was an employee at Excel Industries, which makes lawnmower parts, identified as 38-year-old Cedric Ford. A police officer shot and killed Ford, who reportedly had an assault weapon and pistol.

The gunman apparently began shooting after county deputies served him a ""protection from abuse"" order, which are typically issued after violence in a relationship. The order was served around 3:30 pm local time, and the shooting began around 5 pm.

The Kansas City Star reported that a woman who identified herself as Ford's live-in girlfriend accused him of verbal and physical abuse, prompting the protection order.

Ford also had several convictions in Florida for burglary, grand theft, fleeing from an officer, aggravated fleeing, and carrying a concealed weapon, according to the AP.

The shooting came less than a week after another mass shooting at Kalamazoo, Michigan.

The shootings are a devastating tragedy, but unfortunately one that Americans are increasingly familiar with. As more of these events end up in the news, the country is being forced to consider why the US, more than any other developed nation, suffers from such extraordinary levels of gun violence. And it seems easy access to firearms provide one answer.

No other developed country in the world has anywhere near the same rate of gun violence as America. The US has nearly six times the gun homicide rate of Canada, more than seven times Sweden's, and nearly 16 times Germany's, according to UN data compiled by the Guardian. (These gun deaths are a big reason America has a much higher overall homicide rate, which includes non-gun deaths, than other developed nations.)

What's more, there appears to be a correlation between America's high levels of gun violence and gun ownership, as this chart from Tewksbury Lab shows:

Research reviews by the Harvard School of Public Health's Injury Control Research Center have concluded that more gun ownership leads to more gun violence. Other factors, such as socioeconomic issues, contribute to violence, but guns are the one issue that makes America unique relative to other developed countries in comparable socioeconomic circumstances.

Studies have found this at both the state and country level. Take, for instance, this chart, from a 2007 study by Harvard researchers, showing the correlation between statewide firearm homicide victimization rates and household gun ownership after controlling for robbery rates:

A more recent study from 2013, led by a Boston University School of Public Health researcher, reached similar conclusions: After controlling for multiple variables, the study found that a 1 percent increase in gun ownership correlated with a roughly 0.9 percent rise in the firearm homicide rate at the state level.

This holds up around the world. As Vox's Zack Beauchamp explained, a breakthrough analysis in 1999 by UC Berkeley's Franklin Zimring and Gordon Hawkins found that the US does not, contrary to the old conventional wisdom, have more crime in general than other Western industrial nations. Instead, the US appears to have more lethal violence — and that's driven in large part by the prevalence of guns.

""A series of specific comparisons of the death rates from property crime and assault in New York City and London show how enormous differences in death risk can be explained even while general patterns are similar,"" Zimring and Hawkins wrote. ""A preference for crimes of personal force and the willingness and ability to use guns in robbery make similar levels of property crime 54 times as deadly in New York City as in London.""

How can the country address this? The research shows tightening existing gun control measures in the US would help: Studies in both Connecticut and Missouri suggested that gun licensing laws in those states helped reduce homicides and suicides.

But as Harvard's David Hemenway told Vox's Dylan Matthews, it would likely take decades for the mild gun control measures proposed in the US to have a significant impact. ""It's all speculation,"" Hemenway said. ""I suspect it would take a while (decades) for the US to get down to gun violence levels of other developed countries because a) we have so many guns which are durable, and b) we have a gun culture — we tend to use guns more often in more situations than citizens of other developed countries.""

To have a more immediate impact, then, the US would have to find a way to quickly remove the number of guns in circulation. Other countries have actually done that: In Australia, after a 1996 mass shooting, lawmakers passed new restrictions on guns and imposed a mandatory buyback program that essentially confiscated people's guns, seizing at least 650,000 firearms.

According to one review of the evidence by Harvard researchers, Australia's firearm homicide rate dropped by about 42 percent in the seven years after the law passed, and its firearm suicide rate fell by 57 percent.

Although it's hard to gauge how much of this was driven by the buyback program, researchers argue it likely played some role: ""First, the drop in firearm deaths was largest among the type of firearms most affected by the buyback. Second, firearm deaths in states with higher buyback rates per capita fell proportionately more than in states with lower buyback rates.""

Still, similar policies would be difficult to pass in America, a nation in which gun culture and ownership are tremendously ingrained — notably, in the Second Amendment. And gun owners are backed by a powerful lobby: the National Rifle Association. Combined, these forces have stopped any serious gun legislation from passing at the federal level — although some states have passed new restrictions in the past few years.

But given the research, America's policies and attitudes toward guns have clear, deadly costs — including, perhaps, more events like the Hesston shooting.",1
513,Janet Yellen won't say when interest rates will rise because she doesn't know,"Markets might want more clarity on exactly when interest rates will go up, but they're not likely to get it from Fed Chair Janet Yellen. In a closely watched speech on Friday, Yellen provided a more detailed view of her economic outlook but at the same time raised new questions about what the Fed will do next. The Wall Street Journal's Pedro da Costa summed up her stance on interest rates perfectly:

Yellen isn't being difficult here. She has good reasons for being so vague. After more than six years of trying to boost the economy with interest rates near zero, the central bank is still battling stubbornly flat inflation and a slow labor market recovery. Nothing like this has happened in at least 80 years, and experts disagree about the best course for the Fed to take.

Given those uncharted waters, the Fed can't really telegraph right now when it will raise rates; what it can do (and what Yellen did) is emphasize just how much uncertainty the Fed faces — and try to help markets understand the Fed's approach to dealing with this dilemma.

At some points in her speech, Yellen seemed to say interest rates could rise soon. She indicated that inflation won't necessarily have to take off before she's comfortable raising interest rates — it just can't fall any further. She also indicated that she and her Fed colleagues might still bump up interest rates this year.

Yet Yellen was also careful to also point out that the economy isn't all that strong — in fact, it's weaker than it looks right now:

In assessing the actual strength of the labor market and the broader economy, we must bear in mind that these very welcome improvements have been achieved in the context of extraordinary monetary accommodation. While the overall level of real activity now appears to be much closer to its potential than it was a year or two ago, the economy in an ""underlying"" sense remains quite weak by historical standards, for the simple reason that the increases in hiring and output that have been achieved thus far have required exceptionally low levels of short- and longer-term interest rates, reflecting a highly accommodative stance of monetary policy. Interest rates have been, and remain, very low, and if underlying conditions had truly returned to normal, the economy should be booming. ...

The speech provided details to how Yellen sees the current economic landscape. And while it seemed to give conflicting messages, that's sort of the point.

Under ordinary circumstances, central banks can work from a standard playbook that helps them decide when to adjust policy. For example, economists have developed a model called the Taylor Rule that gives guidelines for how to set interest rates based on GDP growth and inflation rates. But as Yellen herself said on Friday, these are not ordinary circumstances — there's so much slack in the labor market that the Taylor Rule just wouldn't work right now.

The reality is that the Fed simply doesn't know when it can raise rates ... and it may not know until it's time. Speaking to senators in February, Yellen said the Fed is going to take interest rate hikes on a ""meeting-by-meeting basis.""

If economic conditions continue to improve, as the Committee anticipates, the Committee will at some point begin considering an increase in the target range for the federal funds rate on a meeting-by-meeting basis. Before then, the Committee will change its forward guidance. However, it is important to emphasize that a modification of the forward guidance should not be read as indicating that the Committee will necessarily increase the target range in a couple of meetings. Instead the modification should be understood as reflecting the Committee's judgment that conditions have improved to the point where it will soon be the case that a change in the target range could be warranted at any meeting.

Rather than giving specific guidance (which she can't really do), Yellen is trying to help markets understand why the Fed can't be more specific about its future actions. There's simply not a playbook for what the Fed should do right now, so what Yellen seems to be saying is that the central bank will know an improved economy when it sees it.",1
4859,"Actually, many Trump voters are in one basket and it’s both racist and economically frustrated","“Just to be grossly generalistic, you could put half of Trump’s supporters into what I call the basket of deplorables,” said Clinton at a New York fundraiser on Friday night, where access was purchased at a price of $1,200 to $250,000. “They’re racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, Islamaphobic — you name it,” she said.

“But the other basket . . . of people are people who feel that the government has let them down, the economy has let them down, nobody cares about them, nobody worries about what happens to their lives and their futures, and they’re just desperate for change,” Clinton added. “Those are people we have to understand and empathize with as well.”

Trump, feigning outrage, has gleefully seized on Clinton’s comments, and most observers believe they were impolitic. This is all, however, missing an important point: Clinton was wrong to divide Trump voters between the bigoted and economically anxious because many are both, and the two things are interrelated. For many, it’s just one big basket. Clinton, in drawing a distinction between the racists and the justly upset, echoes a broader and mostly unhelpful debate about whether Trump supporters are motivated by economic anxiety or bigotry: The clear answer, contrary to Matthew Yglesias and company, is “often both.”

Yes, Trump is getting a lot of support from professional racists on the white supremacist and alt-right, and reducing his base of support to any single constituency is a fool’s errand. But for many Trump voters, anger and anxiety over economic decline and precarity, the rising status of women and people of color, demographic change caused by immigration, and the country’s waning global power after more than a decade of costly and futile global warfare, are all wrapped into one big sense of foreboding terror. Trump promises relief and a reversion to something that was, in senses both real and imagined, better.

There is a lot that’s new about Trump. But the intersection of exploitative economics and white supremacy certainly isn’t: White economic anxiety is used to foment racism, and racism is manipulated to further elite economic interests.

As Michelle Alexander has written, America’s racial caste system has long been perpetuated by “appealing to the racism and vulnerability of lower-class whites, a group of people who are understandably eager to ensure that they never find themselves trapped at the bottom of the American totem pole.”

The Southern slave-owning aristocracy and the Jim Crow governments that took power after Reconstruction’s defeat peddled white supremacy to protect a political-economic order that not only terrorized blacks but that also kept poor whites on the margins. As historian Ira Katznelson detailed in “Fear Itself: The New Deal and the Origins of Our Time,” Southern Democrats during the New Deal era used their hold on Congress to leverage this divide and conquer logic on the national scene. They blocked civil rights measures and also obstructed the growth of a labor movement poised to improve the condition of workers across the racial divide and in doing so threaten Jim Crow. Later, the modern conservative movement once again used racism toward economically reactionary ends, employing “racial dog whistles to transmute white anxiety into support for conservative economic policies that have harmed us all,” as Ian Haney-López and Heather McGhee wrote for The Nation. “Beginning in the 1970s, conservatives deployed a highly racialized strategy that relentlessly linked public institutions to undeserving minorities in order to undo the country’s social contract,” Haney-López and McGhee continued. “The reactionary economic agenda made possible by dog-whistle politics is responsible not just for the devaluing of black lives but for the declining fortunes of the majority of white families.” Talking about poor and working class people like they are research specimens and not human beings to very wealthy people at an exclusive fundraiser tends to not be a good look, as Barack Obama and Mitt Romney both discovered. But it’s not just bad optics. It’s crummy politics. The business-friendly agenda historically embraced by the Clintons fails to answer working-class white people’s economic concerns and in doing so actually fuels the fires of racism. Opposing racism as some transcendent and ahistorical force obscures the fact that racism functions to not only keep people of color down but also to keep the 1 percent in charge. America’s racial caste system depends on white supremacy to ensure white privileges and oligarchic prerogatives. And so Clinton is right: We should understand and empathize with many Trump voters — not because establishment liberalism has much to offer them but because their problems are bound up with those of the people whom they hate.",1
5248,Clinton Cries Racism Tagging Trump with KKK; Trump Says 'She Lies',"With only about 70 days left until the election, presidential campaign politics have hit a new low. Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton has released a new attack ad claiming Republican rival Donald Trump is a candidate of racists.

The new ad released by Clinton attempts to depict Trump as a racist, a candidate supported by white supremacists and the Ku Klux Klan.

In the campaign commercial, a KKK member is heard saying, ""The reason a lot of Klan members like Donald Trump is because a lot of what he believes we believe in.""

Clinton said Trump and Republicans are reinforcing harmful stereotypes, calling it a disturbing preview of the kind of president Trump would be.

""He is taking hate groups mainstream and helping a radical fringe take over the Republican Party,"" she said.

Trump said the allegations are the oldest ploy in the Democratic playbook.

""When Democratic policies fail, they are left with only this one, tired argument: 'you're racist, you're racist, you're racist!' Trump insisted.

Trump said Clinton was not only attacking him, but millions of good Americans who support him.

""She lies, she smears, she paints decent Americans as racists,"" said Trump, who then defended the core ideas of his candidacy.

But Clinton isn't backing down. In a speech in the swing state of Nevada, she also tried to tie Trump to the so-called ""AltRight"" or ""alternative right,"" a very vocal group whose nationalist beliefs push beyond mainstream conservatism.

""He's taking hate groups mainstream and helping a radical fringe take over one of America's two major political parties,"" she said.

Trump's campaign said he's never used the term ""alt-right"" and disavows ""any groups or individuals associated with a message of hate.""

""Hillary Clinton's short speech is pandering to the worst instincts in our society. She should be ashamed of herself!"" Trump tweeted.

In New Hampshire Thursday, the GOP candidate said he doesn't want white supremacists to vote for him -- his campaign is about love for America, not hate.

And although Clinton still leads in national polls, it may become more difficult for her in the days ahead to restore voter trust and deflect attention away from her email scandal.

The battle over race took the spotlight temporarily off of Clinton's ongoing problems over her e-mails and the controversy over her connections between the Clinton Foundation and the U.S. State Department when she was Secretary of State. But the issue will be coming back.

A federal judge has ordered the State Department to begin releasing additional emails starting Sept. 13. They're among the nearly 15,000 messages Clinton did not turn over, but were discovered on her personal server by the FBI.",1
2851,There's Something O'Reilly Trusts Even Less Than Iran,"Bill O'Reilly wants to know what's in the Iran nuclear program deal, but he doesn't want to hear about it from the media.

Speaking on his Fox News Channel show ""The O'Reilly Factor"" on Monday night, the conservative host said he doesn't trust the American media to tell the public what's really in the deal reached last week.

“I don’t trust the press,"" O'Reilly told Fox News senior political analyst Brit Hume in remarks posted online by Mediaite. ""I think I trust Iran more than I trust the American press. I don’t want the American press interpreting this for me. I want to see it in the committee hearings on television, I want to see the debate.”

Trust was a major theme on Monday night's program. During the ""Talking Points Memo"" segment, O'Reilly also said Americans don't trust the president.

""Simply put, millions of Americans do not trust President Obama to protect us from the deranged (Iranian) mullahs who have committed atrocities for decades,"" he said.",1
4453,Obama vowed to be the healer-in-chief. He never made the effort - The Boston Globe,"One of the “few regrets” of his presidency, President Obama said dolefully in his State of the Union speech, was “that the rancor and suspicion between the parties has gotten worse instead of better.” Were he endowed with “the gifts of Lincoln or Roosevelt,” he remarked, he could have done more to bridge the partisan divide. But he pledged to “keep trying to be better so long as I hold this office.”

Did you experience a touch of déjà vu when the president said that? Four years ago, when he was in the home stretch of his first term and running for a second, he said much the same thing.

“I’m the first one to confess that the spirit that I brought to Washington, that I wanted to see instituted, where we weren’t constantly in a political slugfest . . . I haven’t fully accomplished that,” Obama told an interviewer in 2012. “My biggest disappointment is that we haven’t changed the tone in Washington as much as I would have liked.”

Did he even try?

From his earliest days as a presidential contender, Obama had held himself out as a healer — as a visionary who would never “pit red America against blue America,” who committed himself to ending “a politics that breeds division and conflict and cynicism.” That uplifting promise was at the very heart of Obama’s appeal; it was what led so many voters to invest so much hope and faith — even love — in the prospect of an Obama presidency.

Yet in his first term, American political life grew more bitter, not less. Unity and goodwill receded even further. As measured by Gallup, Obama supplanted George W. Bush as the most polarizing president ever. Democrats and Republicans blamed each other for the nastiness and distrust. The president often took the low road; his opponents often did too. Deeply controversial legislation, especially Obamacare, was rammed through on party-line votes. The rise of the Tea Party prefigured sweeping Republican gains in the 2010 midterm elections, which led both parties into an even more toxic relationship. By the time Obama ran for reelection in 2012, little remained of 2008’s optimistic candidate of hope. In his place was a snappish incumbent grimly focused on winning a second term by any means necessary. Even liberal media outlets remarked on the disparity. “Obama and his top campaign aides have engaged far more frequently in character attacks and personal insults,” Politico reported.

But when voters renewed Obama’s lease on the White House, they also gave him a fresh opportunity to make good on the signal promise of his rise to power. A second term offered this most polarizing of presidents a chance to extend olive branches — and to eschew the ad hominem attacks that so infuriate his critics. Democracy doesn’t work “if we think the people who disagree with us are all motivated by malice,” the president said in his address to Congress this month. “It doesn’t work if we think that our political opponents are unpatriotic or trying to weaken America.”

That’s exactly the right message. If only Obama had heeded it.

Let’s be clear: The president is not to blame for the polarization of American life. The “mushy middle” has been dwindling for years. With Democrats moving to the left and Republicans moving to the right, there is far less overlap between the parties than there was a generation ago. In a recent study, the Pew Research Center found that 92 percent of Republicans are now to the right of the median Democrat, and 94 percent of Democrats are to the left of the median Republican.

Worse — much worse — is how intensely hostile the antipathy between right and left has become. Large swaths of each camp say the opposing party is not merely misguided, but an explicit threat to the nation’s well-being. Obama could have led the way in suppressing this corrosive tendency. Instead he inflamed it.

It would not have required “the gifts of Lincoln or Roosevelt” to eschew the ridicule and taunts that so pollute modern political discourse. The gifts of Gerald Ford would have done nicely. Like all presidents, Obama has been frustrated by partisan opponents. But no chief executive in modern times has been so quick to impugn his critics’ motives, or to resort to mockery and demonization when amicable persuasion would serve so much better.

Obama routinely speaks of his critics as if their motives couldn’t possibly be rational or decent. When Republicans balked at his proposal to allow 10,000 Syrian refugees to enter the United States (a proposal I favor), Obama jeered. “Apparently they’re scared of widows and orphans,” he said. “That doesn’t sound very tough to me.”

When GOP lawmakers resisted raising the debt limit, Obama tweeted: “Are they really willing to hurt people just to score political points?” Efforts to repeal Obamacare he attributed to cruelty — the “one unifying principle” for Republicans, the president told reporters, is “making sure that 30 million people don’t have health care.”

With Obama, there seems to be no possibility of honorable disagreement. Oppose something he wants, and you are a bought-and-paid-for stooge, or a denier of science, or a peddler of fiction, or a scoundrel who puts party ahead of country. He isn’t the only one who talks this way, not by a long shot. But he is our only president, and how he expresses himself matters. When presidential rhetoric is mean and contemptuous, the whole public square is befouled.

It can always get worse, as Donald Trump demonstrates daily. But an awful lot of Americans, Republicans and Democrats both, want it to get better. Obama insisted he was going to heal the divide, but never even made the effort. He still has a year in office. It’s not too late to start.",1
5213,Clinton campaign: WikiLeaks hack gets ‘closer and closer to the Trump campaign’,"SAN FRANCISCO — Hillary Clinton's campaign accused Republican Donald Trump's campaign Thursday of increasingly close involvement with the release of stolen emails that detail the internal and sometimes unflattering workings of the Democrat's inner circle.

The anti-secrecy site WikiLeaks has a huge trove of emails hacked from the personal account of Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta, and is releasing batches of the communications in the final four weeks of the presidential campaign. The Clinton campaign had refused to authenticate communications released so far and accuses Russia of being behind the hack and WikiLeaks of doing Moscow's bidding.

“We're not going to let it throw us off,” Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook told reporters on a conference call. “I think it's important for Americans again to reflect on why this is happening, who perpetrated it and for what purpose,” he said.

“This is getting closer and closer to the Trump campaign itself,” Mook said, citing the admission from Trump supporter and former adviser Roger Stone that he had “back channel” discussions with WikiLeaks.

Mook said he expects to see more evidence of coordination or collaboration intended to benefit Trump's candidacy. He spoke from the campaign's Brooklyn headquarters. Clinton is in California for two days of fundraising.

“I think its important to always recognize the context of this situation, and that is that the Department of Homeland Security took the unprecedented step of saying ... beyond any doubt that this hack and then the leaking of the emails was perpetrated by the Russian government for the purpose of intervening in the election and trying to affect the outcome in favor of Donald Trump,” Mook said.

[Clinton campaign chairman ties email hack to Russians, suggests Trump had early warning]

The correspondence reveals a campaign that has struggled all year to improve a flawed candidate. As far back as March, aides were keenly aware that she was resistant to the media, perhaps out of touch with regular Americans and unable to convey a clear message to voters.

Republicans have said some of the emails show corrupt dealings among the campaign, the Clinton family charity and outside advisers and donors.

The email dumps have provided plenty of fodder for Clinton critics to seize upon, and the sixth batch, released Thursday morning, was no different.

In one March 2015 email chain, for example, Clinton aides were discussing how well Clinton knew Loretta Lynch, who the following month would become the U.S. attorney general.

“She knows Loretta,” wrote close Clinton aide Huma Abedin. “Not an extremely close relationship and don’t remember the last time they connected. … Regardless, definitely a cordial relationship.”

That could reignite criticism of a private airport meeting that Lynch held with former President Bill Clinton held in Phoenix shortly before the Justice Department decided not to prosecute Hillary Clinton in relation to her use of a private email server as secretary of state.

Across Podesta’s inbox there was concern about how Clinton was handling revelations about her server. In early September 2015, he exchanged messages with Neera Tanden, head of the liberal Center for American Progress, who weighed in on a Clinton interview with ABC News anchor David Muir in which Clinton expressed remorse for her decision.

“This apology thing has become like a pathology. I can only imagine what’s happening in the campaign,” Tanden wrote to Podesta. “Is there some way I can be helpful here? I know if I just email her she will dismiss it out of hand. Are there people she can hear from that will have some impact?”

Podesta responded: “You should email her. She can say she’s sorry without apologizing to the American people. Tell her to say it and move on, why get hung on this.”

The latest release also included another email exchange between advisers to Clinton discussing how to deal with pressure to release transcripts of her paid speeches. In the exchange, Clinton spokesman Brian Fallon and speechwriter Dan Schwerin propose leaking the transcript of one paid speech she delivered in October 2014.

Schwerin explained to colleagues that he had written a ""long riff about economic fairness and how the financial industry has lost its way, precisely for the purpose of having something we could show people if ever asked what she was saying behind closed doors for two years to all those fat cats.""

Schwerin continued that the section was ""not as tough or pointed as we would write it now, but it's much more than most people would assume she was saying in paid speeches.""

Mandy Grunwald, a senior strategist, however, responded that she worried ""about going down this road."" She referred to a story by Maggie Haberman, then a reporter for Politico, in 2013, in which Haberman wrote that Clinton had praised the financial industry in paid speeches to Goldman Sachs.

""Maybe you think the Deutsche Bank speech takes the sting out of the Goldman report -- but I am concerned that the passage below will exacerbate not improve the situation,” Grunwald wrote.

The emails also allude to staff tensions, including a March 2015 missive from former State Department aide Tom Nides to Podesta, in which Nides talks about tension between Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook and longtime Clinton aide Cheryl Mills.

“Sorry to bug you but on Friday I got a bit wigged out,” Nides wrote. “It's clear (which I assume you know) tThere [sic] is already a bunch of noise about Robby and Cheryl not getting along. Robby getting very frustrated I have zero idea what the deal is but you and I both know this is a disaster for her if it doesn't stop. This is the kind of stuff that could open the door to someone. I am sorry to dump this on you and maybe I am full of [s---] so take it for what it's worth.”

There is no response from Mook in the emails.

Matea Gold, Rosalind Helderman, Ed O'Keefe and Anu Narayanswamy contributed to this story.",1
4762,Did Hillary Insult Sanderistas as ‘Basement Dwellers’? No—Just the Opposite,"The far left is up in arms again, this time over a hacked tape of Hillary Clinton at a fundraiser in a wealthy Virginia suburb.

There I was, watching college football and the Ryder Cup as my daughter sat next to me on the couch drawing Rapunzel and Ariel. Halftime of the game I was watching came so I moseyed over to my office to look in on the political world, expecting not much new at  5 o’clock on a Saturday. Didn’t see much at first. And then... oh, what’s this? Something about basement dwellers. And Hillary. Making fun of people living in basements? What? Oh Christ. Here we go again.

Backstory: The Intercept, the (I think it’s fair to say) anti-Clinton-though-by-no-means-pro-Trump web site, got a tape of a talk Clinton gave at a private fundraiser in McLean, Virginia, back in February. No, check that. It looks like the Washington Free Beacon got it first and posted it Tuesday. But the conservative Beacon, reflecting house priorities, led with the fact that Clinton evidently said on the tape that she wouldn’t upgrade the nuclear arsenal, which for the Beacon indicates of course that she wants America to lose.

After that I’m not certain what happened but it seems as if after the Beacon published the audio, a couple Intercept reporters were the first people on the left who got around to listening to it. The Intercept account, as you might guess, didn’t give a rat’s pooper about the nuclear arsenal but led with the fact that Clinton said, somewhat unfortunately—but in context only somewhat, for reasons I’ll explain—that she occupies the “center-left to the center-right.”

That was a responsible and, for the Intercept, predictable and understandable way to play the story. But then, by the time it got to the Twittersphere, Clinton was somehow making fun of Sanderistas, mocking them for being such losers that they’re living in their parent’s basements. The hashtag #basementdwellers was trending like mad when I checked in, and I’d imagine it’ll be going strong all night. I read a few of them, which boiled down to fuck you, Hillary, you corporate hack, this is why we need the revolution and you’re going to be the first to face the firing squad (although I thought I smelled a lot of trolling from the deplorable caucus too).

Of all the arrant bullshit I’ve seen on Twitter this election, this is easily the bullshittiest. She insulted no one. In fact quite the opposite—for someone speaking behind closed doors to ardent supporters, she was not only restrained, but she openly and directly asked her supporters to be patient with the impatient; that is, to understand the views and motivations of the younger people who wanted more radical change.

It is important to recognize what’s going on in this election. Everybody who’s ever been in an election that I’m aware of is quite bewildered because there is a strain of, on the one hand, the kind of populist, nationalist, xenophobic, discriminatory kind of approach that we hear too much of from the Republican candidates. And on the other side, there’s just a deep desire to believe that we can have free college, free healthcare, that what we’ve done hasn’t gone far enough, and that we just need to, you know,  go as far as, you know, Scandinavia, whatever that means, and half the people don’t know what that means, but it’s something that they deeply feel. So as a friend of mine said the other day, I am occupying from the center-left to the center-right. And I don’t have much company there. Because it is difficult when you’re running to be president, and you understand how hard the job is—I don’t want to overpromise. I don’t want to tell people things that I know we cannot do.

Some are new to politics completely. They’re children of the Great Recession. And they are living in their parents’ basement. They feel they got their education and the jobs that are available to them are not at all what they envisioned for themselves. And they don’t see much of a future. I met with a group of young black millennials today and you know one of the young women said, “You know, none of us feel that we have the job that we should have gotten out of college. And we don’t believe the job market is going to give us much of a chance.” So that is a mindset that is really affecting their politics. And so if you’re feeling like you’re consigned to, you know, being a barista, or you know, some other job that doesn’t pay a lot, and doesn’t have some other ladder of opportunity attached to it, then the idea that maybe, just maybe, you could be part of a political revolution is pretty appealing. So I think we should all be really understanding of that and should try to do the best we can not to be, you know, a wet blanket on idealism. We want people to be idealistic. We want them to set big goals. But to take what we can achieve now and try to present them as bigger goals.

All right. Let’s parse them. In the first quote, the first sentence is just an opener, and the second critiques the Trump movement. The third sentence critiques the Sanders people, but there’s nothing condescending in it. Maybe that “whatever that means” after the mention of Scandinavia is a little dismissive. But really. Now we’re at the point where we’re not permitting people speaking in private the occasional verbal tic of the sort we all employ?

Then comes center-left and center-right. It’s the mention of “center-right” that the Intercept meant to rub in her face, and in a perfect world I’d rather she’d not said it. But it’s quite obvious that she is contrasting herself with the movements to her left and to her right—the very two movements she had just described. So she was really just saying, I’m in between those two. And who knows—there were probably Republicans in the room. It was McLean. She may have been trying to reassure them and get them to tell their friends, “You know, we can live with her.” No, that’s not pandering. It’s politics. If she weren’t chasing responsible Republican votes, she’d be an idiot.

Now, the second and “offending” graf. How in the world these words can offend anyone is just absurd. OK, baristas. But I’m sure even most baristas have higher aspirations in life. But the main thing is that when she says “they are living in their parents’ basement,” she’s obviously not making fun of them. She’s just describing them. Indeed, she is explaining to these rich people in one of America’s richest towns, hey, take a minute to understand where these folks are coming from. And she’s doing so the week after Sanders throttled her in New Hampshire—a point in time when, if anything, she’d have been prone to lash out at them.

There’s nothing patronizing about any of this. I also saw a bunch of people on Twitter saying in effect for the life of me, I don’t see what the big deal is here. I retweeted a guy who said the #basementdwellers “controversy” is proof enough of the reason why she didn’t release her speech transcripts. Amen to that.",1
2267,"Paul: Laws on sexuality could be more ‘neutral,’ but all should be protected","Sen. Rand Paul said Saturday that he thinks the issue of sexuality is one that should be left behind closed doors.

“And I think if we did a little more of that then maybe the law doesn’t have to engage in stuff that’s really personal, and the law could be more neutral, but I think the law ought to be fair to people and ought to provide equal protection for everybody,” he said.

Paul was asked about Bruce Jenner coming out as a woman named Caitlyn. Social conservatives in the Republican Party have felt isolated by the nation’s acceptance of Jenner, a change they see as immoral. Paul said he hasn't given Jenner's transition much thought but said that sexuality should remain private.

[Read: Caitlyn Jenner comes out, and social conservatives take an apocalyptic view]

“We’ve exposed so much of our lives that were at one time private, and if it were private, than maybe the law wouldn’t have to take a position on it, you know what I mean?” Paul said in an interview here.

Paul said that if he goes to a cocktail party, “most of us don’t talk about our personal sexuality, our sex lives, why does it have to be part of public discourse?”",1
793,What to watch in Tuesday's primaries,"(CNN) Hillary Clinton might be on the way to the Democratic presidential nomination but she enters territory that could be considered more favorable to Bernie Sanders on Tuesday with the West Virginia primary.

And for the first time on the Republican side, there's only one candidate in the race -- but that doesn't mean there's consensus. Republicans in West Virginia and Nebraska will offer the first glimpse at whether the GOP can rally behind Donald Trump in a general election.

For Democrats, only West Virginia offers binding results. In Nebraska, Democrats caucused in early March, favoring Sanders by nearly 15 points . Though Democrats will still be voting in a primary on Tuesday, the results for the presidential race will have no binding effect on delegate allocation.

Here's what to watch in Tuesday's contests:

Though Clinton won West Virginia over Barack Obama in 2008, she has been in far more hostile territory this time around after comments she made about putting coal miners ""out of business.""

But her critics on the left and right have seized on the remarks, with Sanders campaigning in West Virginia on taking care of coal workers and Donald Trump bringing up her remarks in rallies in the state.

The electorate in the last presidential Democratic primary was overwhelmingly white and working class. The state also has a primary that allows unaffiliated voters to cast ballots in either contest, meaning Sanders can turn out independents. Both of those factors have tended to favor him in past contests.

Though Nebraska's results are non-binding, if the electorate resembles the pro-Sanders crowd in March, he'll have another result to tout on what could be a rough night for Clinton.

The proportional allocation rules in the Democratic primary won't help Sanders catch Clinton -- but he could spend the next month delivering some embarrassing losses to Clinton in states favorable to his campaign.

Trump may be the only GOP candidate with an active campaign, but he won't be the only candidate on the ballot in either state on Tuesday. Both West Virginia and Nebraska will have candidates who have dropped out of the race on the ballot, giving voters a chance to cast protest ballots against Trump should they choose.

Candidates with suspended campaigns have picked up a handful of votes in states after they left the race, but never in large margins. Tuesday will test whether the discomfort with Trump as the GOP nominee can drive voters to the polls to vote against the mogul.

In West Virginia, in addition to casting ballots for Trump, voters will also select individual delegates to go to the convention. Delegate hopefuls will be marked with their chosen candidate or as uncommitted when voters make up their minds. To be sure, the Trump campaign in West Virginia sent supporters on Monday a guide to which delegates to select.

Trump has been viewed unfavorably by upwards of two-thirds of women in general election polling, but has done marginally better with women in the Republican electorate. He won 47% of women in the Indiana primary last week, according to exit polls. But he won 59% of men. His chances in November will improve should he be able to close that gender gap.

Democrats have been hammering Trump with some of his comments about women, trying to continue to keep those unfavorables high among the key voting demographic.

Without alternative Republicans in the race, Trump's returns among women could be telling.

Republicans hope that Trump could put Rust Belt states like Ohio, Pennsylvania and Michigan in play for the party.

Democrats, on the other hand, hope that rising demographic trends in states like Arizona, North Carolina and Georgia coupled with Trump's inflammatory statements about minorities could give Democrats an edge in states they have traditionally lost.

With Trump and Clinton holding tight grips on their party's nominations, Tuesday will begin to show signs of what the general electorate could look like, and what issues are motivating them to the polls.",1
2923,GOP senators demand answers over disclosure of mission to oust ISIS from Mosul,"Top Republican senators Friday demanded answers after a military official revealed “detailed operational information” about a looming Iraqi mission to retake Mosul from the Islamic State, saying the disclosure has put the mission at risk.

“Never in our memory can we recall an instance in which our military has knowingly briefed our own war plans to our enemies,” Sens. John McCain, R-Ariz., and Lindsey Graham, R-S.C., said in a letter to President Obama.

“These disclosures not only risk the success of our mission, but could also cost the lives of U.S., Iraqi, and coalition forces.”

The senators asked who was responsible for the briefing, conducted Thursday by a military official, and whether they had White House approval. “Those responsible have jeopardized our national security interests and must be held accountable,” they wrote.

The letter follows criticism in other corners that the military may have revealed too much detail in previewing the operation.

On Thursday, the U.S. military official outlined plans to retake Mosul and said the “shaping” for the battle is currently underway. He said the Iraqi military hopes to begin operations in the “April, May timeframe” with the goal of retaking Mosul before Ramadan begins on June 17.

The official then went a step further and leaked that five Iraqi Army brigades will be used in the fight, as well as several smaller brigades, composing a total force of up to 25,000 Iraqi troops. Three brigades of Kurdish Peshmerga fighters will participate as well.

But the details, disclosed at the close of a White House summit on combating violent extremism, raised some concerns.

""That is pretty amazing that that information's out there,"" retired Gen. Jack Keane, former Army vice chief of staff and a Fox News military analyst, said Friday.

A current and former military intelligence officer also told Fox News that the decision to publicly announce the plan was counterintuitive because it ""telegraphs"" the timing and number of units involved. The officers said it would allow Islamic State, also known as ISIS, or ISIL, to prepare for the battle by laying improvised explosive devices.

Both officers questioned whether political considerations on the part of the Obama administration factored into the decision to announce the offensive.

The Obama administration wasn't the first to discuss plans to retake Mosul, however. Iraqi government leaders previously had talked about the looming offensive, and Defense officials are pushing back on the notion that anything tactical was revealed on Thursday.

CENTCOM sources also stressed that the briefing on Thursday came from the military, not the White House.

Keane suggested there should be nothing surprising about the fact that Iraqi forces are looking to retake Mosul before Ramadan.

""ISIS is not stupid,"" he said, adding that their fighters already know that Mosul is the key to any counteroffensive and have likely been preparing for weeks. ""This is not something new to ISIS.""

However, Keane said the details about the force size and other elements were ""surprising"" to hear.

ISIS militants overtook Mosul last June, as the group marched across large sections of Iraq and Syria, sending Iraqi forces fleeing. At this point, officials estimate there are between 1,000 to 2,000 ISIS insurgents in the city of Mosul. Military leaders have been talking about retaking the city for some time, but they have said they won't launch the operation until the Iraqi troops are ready.

Included in the force would be a brigade of Iraqi counterterrorism forces who have been trained by U.S. special operations forces. The brigades include roughly 2,000 troops each.

The CENTCOM official said the U.S. will provide military support for the operation, including training, air support, intelligence and surveillance. The official said there has been no decision made yet on whether to send in some U.S. ground troops to help call in airstrikes.

""But by the same token, if they're not ready, if the conditions are not set, if all the equipment they need is not physically there and they (aren't) trained to a degree in which they will be successful, we have not closed the door on continuing to slide that to the right,"" he said.

The official also revealed for the first time that Qatar has agreed to host a training site for coalition forces to train moderate Syrian rebels who would return to Syria to fight the Islamic State forces there. Other sites are in Turkey, Jordan and Saudi Arabia.",1
5014,"Trump's economic team has a lot of billionaires, very few economic experts","Donald Trump announced his economic advisers on Friday, and the list is about what you’d expect from the real estate tycoon.

Trump has vowed to bring a more business-like approach to government; his list is dominated by businessmen — including several billionaires. Trump has railed against political correctness; his economic advisers are entirely white men. Trump has disparaged conventional policy experts; the list includes only one academic economist:

But while nothing about the list is that surprising, it does provide some valuable insight into how a Donald Trump administration would actually govern. Trump is famously uninterested in policy details, which means that his advisers would have even more influence than usual in a Trump administration.

The business people on Trump’s list include several distinguished names. Hedge fund manager John Paulson became famous in 2007 when he made billions betting against the housing market. Steve Roth built a billion-dollar real estate empire in New York

Andy Beal made billions in real estate while also becoming an accomplished poker player and number theorist. He developed the Beal conjecture, a mathematical proposition related to Fermat’s Last Theorem, and then funded a $1 million prize for anyone who could solve it. And like Paulson, he saw the 2008 crash coming. He stopped buying during the last years of the real estate boom from 2004 to 2007, leaving him with plenty of cash on hand to snap up bargains in the post-crash environment of 2009.

Private equity investor Stephen Feinberg is worth more than $1 billion, but he doesn’t share Donald Trump’s taste for ostentatious displays of wealth. ""In general, I think that all of us are way overpaid in this business,"" he said in 2011. ""It is almost embarrassing.""

The list includes a couple of prominent real estate tycoons and several people who made their fortunes in finance. Also on the list: oil and gas billionaire Harold Hamm and Howard Lorber, who has major holdings in cigarettes as well as real estate.

In short, Trump has assembled an independent-minded and opinionated collection of rich businessmen. They could provide a valuable conduit for dissenting points of view in the insular Trump campaign.

It’s customary for presidential candidates — especially Republican presidential candidates — to include some business leaders among their economic advisers. But most candidates also include people with significant academic expertise and government experience as well.

John McCain’s list of economic advisers, for example, included six economics professors and three more people who were chief economists for private companies. McCain’s list also had about a dozen people with government experience, including several veterans of the George W. Bush administration. Mitt Romney also drew heavily on credentialed economists with senior government experience.

In contrast, Trump’s list is thin on both economics PhDs and government experience. There’s only one academic economist, Peter Navarro of the University of California at Irvine. David Malpass served in several mid-level government positions during the Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush administrations. Tom Barrack was deputy undersecretary for the Department of the Interior during the Reagan administration. The list also includes activist and former Wall Street Journal economics writer Stephen Moore.

And that’s about it when it comes to economics training and government experience. This might be because Trump believes he’ll get along fine without the help of government veterans and credentialed academics. It also might be because the most experienced economic policy hands in the Republican party have largely shunned Trump.

Greg Mankiw, for example, is a Harvard economist who served in the George W. Bush administration. In a recent blog post, he wrote that Trump won’t get his vote because he finds Trump’s protectionist views ""disqualifying."" John McCain’s top 2008 economic adviser — and former head of the Congressional Budget Office — Douglas Holtz-Eakin savaged Trump's economic ideas. Glenn Hubbard, Mitt Romney’s top economic adviser and former adviser to George W. Bush, hasn’t been too kind to Trump either.

The result: a man who needs seasoned policy advice more than any other recent major-party nominee is going to struggle to get it.

And that’s a problem, because while business people have a lot of valuable insights about the economy, there are some aspects of economic policy where formal training is indispensable. A successful career in business doesn’t give anyone insights about monetary policy or allow them to navigate the intricacies of the federal budget process. For some aspects of federal policy, there’s no substitute for careful study combined with practical experience.

The economic advisers Trump has managed to recruit suggest that his policies wouldn’t be radically different from previous Republican administrations.

The one obvious exception here is trade. By naming former steel executive Dan DiMicco as an economic adviser, Trump is underscoring his commitment to protectionist trade policies. DiMicco wrote a 2015 book calling for manufacturing jobs to be brought back to the United States. Like Trump, DiMicco blames recent trade deals and foreign countries that don’t ""play by the rules"" for declining employment in the manufacturing sector. That runs counter to the decades-long tradition of Republicans supporting free trade deals.

But Trump’s other choices suggest more continuity with past Republican policies. Stephen Moore now works for the Heritage Foundation, which has played a key role in Republican policymaking since the Reagan administration. He’s a devoted supply-sider, and we can expect him to push Trump to follow through on his promises for big tax cuts.

Republicans have traditionally been closer to the petroleum industry and more skeptical of environmental regulation than Democrats. Naming oil and gas entrepreneur Harold Hamm represents a continuation of that posture. Hamm has blasted the Obama administration for being too tough on energy producers.

""While we've been doing this the last seven or eight years — doubling US production — we've had an onslaught, a tsunami if you will, of punitive regulations designed to put us out of business,"" Hamm said on CNBC earlier this year.

And while Trump has sought to paint Clinton as a tool of Wall Street, his own economic advisers have extensive Wall Street connections. One of them, Steven Mnuchin, is even a veteran of Goldman Sachs, a frequent target of Donald Trump’s ire. That does not, of course, prove that Trump wouldn’t be tougher on banks and hedge funds than Hillary Clinton would be. But it does suggest that voters should take Trump’s populist rhetoric about Wall Street with a grain of salt.",1
1778,Family issues weigh heaviest on Biden as he considers a 2016 campaign,"As Vice President Biden weighs a possible run for president, personal issues stand as the biggest unresolved obstacle, with Biden trying to gauge whether his family is emotionally prepared for a grueling campaign while still grieving the recent death of his son Beau, according to people familiar with his deliberations.

Biden is now leaning more toward running than he was earlier in the summer, though he is still weeks from a decision. He thinks his White House experience over the past 6  years, coupled with his grounding in middle-class issues during a long career in the Senate, makes him well equipped to serve as President Obama’s successor.

But following the loss of Beau Biden in May, the elder Biden is concerned about whether his relatives could handle a bid for the presidency and its time demands on the family patriarch. Advisers know that only the vice president can make the judgment about the readiness of his family.

Biden’s advisers said he is on a timetable to decide about running by the end of the summer. That gives him roughly another month, although a decision could come sooner. Should he run, he would enter as an underdog against former secretary of state Hillary Rodham Clinton, who has amassed a huge campaign war chest and is months ahead of the vice president in organizing in the states with the earliest contests.

Biden would be starting almost from scratch, but the mechanics of financing and staffing a campaign appear less daunting to those around him than they once did. At the same time, the vice president would not have unlimited time to begin assembling an operation.

Clinton has been hurt by declining personal ratings as the FBI looks into the security of a private e-mail server she used as secretary of state. This has helped fuel outside interest in a possible Biden candidacy. For Biden, one important aspect of his deliberations is assessing just how weakened Clinton is, though it’s doubtful that will be clear before he must make his own decision.

[A test of head and heart for the vice president]

One factor that is shaping the conversations about a possible Biden campaign is that so much of the conventional wisdom about 2016 already has been upended, whether by the support for the candidacy of businessman Donald Trump or by the challenge from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) to what many said was the invincibility of the Clinton machine. The unpredictable political climate is both a spur and a warning as Biden tries to decide.

As speculation about a possible Biden candidacy intensified, the vice president met with Obama for one of their regular weekly lunches Monday, the first time they have been in face-to-face contact since the president left for his vacation two weeks ago. The session offered Biden an opportunity to update Obama on his thinking about a possible third presidential campaign, and there was no indication that the president did anything to discourage Biden from continuing to deliberate.

White House press secretary Josh Earnest issued strong praise for Biden on the president’s behalf, saying again that Obama believes his selection of Biden was “the smartest decision that he had ever made in politics.”

Obama has remained neutral in the contest for the Democratic nomination, though he has consistently praised Clinton for her work as secretary of state and as a prospective president. Earnest declined to be drawn into a discussion of the president’s leanings in a hypothetical Biden-Clinton contest. He would not rule out an eventual presidential endorsement of one of the candidates.

The press secretary’s comments about Biden were not significantly different from what the president has said in the past. But in the current context, Obama’s language, and that of his spokesman, are being closely watched by those partial to Biden or Clinton.

CNN reported that Biden and his team met Monday night with former Obama White House advisers Anita Dunn and Bob Bauer at his residence.

Talk about Biden’s intentions ramped up over the weekend after it was disclosed that he met Saturday with Sen. Elizabeth Warren (Mass.), a favorite of the progressive wing of the Democratic Party.

Biden, who asked for the meeting, wanted to talk to Warren about middle-class and working-class issues, which have become her trademark in the Senate. Biden and Warren are not close personally, but one link between them is Ted Kaufman, one of Biden’s closest advisers, who replaced him in the Senate when Biden became vice president. As a member of the Senate Banking Committee, Kaufman helped draft what became the Dodd-Frank law revamping financial regulations, while Warren served on the congressionally chartered panel overseeing the implementation of the 2008 Wall Street bailout; Kaufman replaced Warren on that panel when his Senate term ended in late 2010.

Advisers to Warren played down the significance of the meeting, noting that she did a similar session with Clinton months ago.

Many progressives had hoped that Warren would run for the Democratic nomination, but she has demurred. In her absence, Sanders has appropriated much of the energy on the party’s left, which has boosted his support in the polls. What would happen to that support, should Biden run, is unknowable, according to the assessment of those familiar with Biden’s deliberations.

The vice president and a small group of advisers have been surveying the political landscape over the past weeks, trying to assess the organizational and financial hurdles he would face in mounting a late-entry campaign against Clinton, and discussing the rationale for a possible candidacy.

The team has done some outreach, but much of the communication has been in the opposite direction, as fundraisers and others have offered encouragement and a willingness to help with a possible Biden campaign.

Though Clinton has a huge head start, there is confidence that plenty of talent is still available for a Biden campaign team. Among the issues up for discussion is how difficult it would be to put together an operation that could compete effectively against Clinton in the Iowa caucuses, where organization is considered one key to success.

Biden’s advisers seem less worried about New Hampshire, because that state holds a primary rather than caucuses. The vice president also is optimistic about his prospects in the South Carolina primary, the third contest on the 2016 calendar.

Clinton’s financial advantage is not underestimated, but a late-starting campaign requires less money than an early-starting one. Clinton raised $47 million during the first three months of her candidacy but also burned through $18 million in that time.

Biden does not have a large network of fundraisers but might be able to draw on a new generation of financial backers. By one estimate, he would need about $30 million for his campaign to get him through the first four contests, but only if he had a substantial super PAC behind him that could raise and spend three times that amount.

The Clinton factor represents one of the trickiest calculations in Biden’s decision-making. Those urging him to run are hardly indifferent to what has happened to her in the past several weeks, and that has clearly helped create more interest in a possible Biden campaign.

But Clinton’s weaknesses are not a rationale for the vice president to run. He would need an agenda of his own, presumably a bold and, loyalists would hope, forward-leaning progressive vision grounded in middle-class economics and his experience in dealing with international issues.

What complicates all this is that neither Biden’s family considerations nor Clinton’s political health will be fully clear by the time the clock runs out and he must declare his intentions.

Paul Kane and Karen Tumulty contributed to this report.",1
4269,Democratic candidates exhibit a new ferocity in last debate before N.H. vote,"Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders, meeting Thursday night for their last debate before the New Hampshire primary, squared off fiercely on the question of whether the party should strive toward its liberal aspirations or set its sights on the achievable.

The dynamic between the two contenders for the Democratic presidential nomination was far more intense — and far more personal — than it has been in their previous face-offs. That reflected how close their race has become in the wake of a virtual tie in Monday’s Iowa caucuses. The debate was sponsored by MSNBC and the New Hampshire Union Leader.

[The Take: Clinton-Sanders battle boils over ]

Clinton used her opening statement to needle the senator from Vermont, who describes himself as a democratic socialist, over what she has contended are unrealistically liberal plans for universal health care, free college and other programs.

“I’m fighting for people who cannot wait for those changes, and I’m not making promises that I cannot keep,” the former secretary of state said.

Sanders replied that a number of European countries had approved single-payer health-care systems. “I do not accept the belief that the United States of America cannot do that,” he said.

As they had at a town hall forum the night before, the two remaining Democratic presidential contenders also squabbled over the modern definition of the word “progressive,” which has become the preferred term for the Democratic left.

“A progressive is someone who makes progress,” Clinton said.

[The Fix: Winners and losers from the fifth Democratic debate]

Sanders, who enjoys enormous enthusiasm among the party’s liberal base, continued to make the argument that Clinton is too heavily dependent on those who have financed her campaign and made her personally wealthy. He said that he does “not only talk the talk, but walk the walk. I am very proud to be the only candidate up here that does not have a super PAC.”

Clinton accused Sanders of engaging in a “very artful smear” of her character. She insisted she had never changed her position on any issue based on having received contributions from special interests.

“Senator Sanders has said he wants to run a positive campaign. I’ve tried to keep my disagreements over issues, as it should be. But time and time again, by innuendo, by insinuation, there is this attack that he is putting forth,” Clinton said.

Defending the paid speeches she gave in the period between leaving the State Department and announcing her presidential campaign, Clinton said she may not have done a good job of explaining what she was doing.

“They wanted me to talk about the world” and how she saw threats and challenges, Clinton said of the groups that paid her fees of $200,000 and more.

Asked whether she would release transcripts of closed-door, paid speeches, Clinton replied, “I will look into it.”

The two contenders, voices raised, argued over whose plan and ideas would more effectively police Wall Street and the larger financial system.

“Break them up!” Sanders thundered, referring to the nation’s biggest banks.

Clinton said leading economists have judged her regulation proposals to be tougher.

But Sanders kept bringing the argument back to her ties to Wall Street. Through the end of December, the financial industry had given at least $21.4 million to support Clinton’s 2016 presidential run — more than 10 percent of the $157.8 million amassed to back her bid, according to an analysis of Federal Election Commission filings by The Washington Post.

Clinton also was asked whether she could guarantee that repercussions from her use of a private email system at the State Department would not “blow up” her campaign. She said she is “100 percent confident” that an FBI security review will come to naught.

“I have absolutely no concerns about it,” she said.

The Clinton team is expecting a loss in New Hampshire, the state that resurrected her 2008 campaign after a devastating third-place finish in Iowa. This time, she battled to the narrowest of wins in the Iowa caucuses.

On Thursday, two new New Hampshire polls indicated that she has much ground to make up against Sanders before Tuesday’s primary.

An NBC News-Wall Street Journal-Marist College survey had Clinton running 20 points behind Sanders in New Hampshire, 58 percent to 38 percent. A tracking poll by CNN-WMUR — the kind of daily gauge whose results are more volatile — showed an even wider margin, with Sanders beating Clinton by better than two to one, 61 percent to 30 percent.

So it was no surprise that Clinton’s campaign was aggressively playing down expectations.

At a breakfast Wednesday morning sponsored by Bloomberg Politics, Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook told reporters: “We face some pretty significant head winds here in New Hampshire. Senator Sanders has been leading here for some time, since the summer. It’s hard to underestimate the neighboring-state advantage in this race.”

However resigned Clinton’s team may be to a loss here Tuesday, it thinks the electoral terrain will turn in her favor afterward, as the campaign moves to states with more diverse populations. The Sanders operation, however, has warned that they have been organizing in other states, including South Carolina and Nevada, and should not be underestimated.

Sanders is also proving to be a fundraising powerhouse, reaping millions from small donors over the Internet, which means he has the capacity to continue his campaign for a long time.

On Thursday, Clinton played up what she sees as her greater electablity in a general-election contest in November.

“I’ve been vetted. There’s hardly anything you don’t know about me,” an asset in the “withering” scrutiny of the general election, Clinton said.

Sanders brushed aside a question about his electability. He cited polls that suggest he would run stronger than Clinton against GOP front-runner Donald Trump in a number of battleground states.

He also cited the enthusiasm that he is generating: “Democrats win when there is a large voter turnout, when people are excited, when working-class people, middle-class people, young people are engaged in the political process.”

“I am the strongest candidate to take it to the Republicans and win in November,” Clinton said.

Nonetheless, the rivals ended the debate on a note of solidarity. Clinton said that Sanders would be the first person she would consult if she won the nomination. Sanders added: “On our worst days, I think it’s fair to say, we are 100 times better than any Republican candidate for president.”

Shortly before the debate, the Clinton campaign released un­official fundraising figures for January showing she brought in $15 million, which is $5 million less than Sanders received in the same period. Clinton’s team has been warning supporters of a Sanders donation surge and noting that he is already outspending her in television advertising in the early-voting states.

The Clinton campaign also confirmed that she will break from campaigning in New Hampshire on Sunday to visit Flint, Mich., where a cost-saving decision led to dangerous levels of lead in the city water. The crisis in the economically depressed, heavily African American city has become a cause celebre among liberals, and Clinton has been in the forefront of criticism of the state’s Republican leadership for falling down on the job. She claims some credit for pressuring the governor to accept federal help.

Her allies have used the Flint crisis as a point of comparison with Sanders, saying that his call for the governor to resign did nothing to help the city’s residents.

The Flint issue and Clinton’s hastily scheduled trip also serve to divert attention from her falling fortunes in New Hampshire.

Although she will campaign in New Hampshire for part of the day, her departure will be read as an attempt to change the subject from her tenuous position here.",1
921,5 takeaways from the New York primary,"BROOKLYN — New York is supposed to be a magical city that extracts “authenticity” out of its presidential candidates — you know, the rubes who tote wallets in back pockets, can’t quite swipe a MetroCard, or stand there like flap-hatted Vermont tourists fishing around for subway tokens left over from their last trip to the Big City in 1960.

The 2016 primary here — for all its hype — provided few new insights into the character of the candidates — but it did clarify both the Republican and Democratic races, delivering the expected victories to the expected hometown front-runners, Donald Trump and, especially Hillary Clinton.

The 10-day New York campaign was dumber, more scripted and meaner (at least on the Democratic side) than a great state deserved. Each candidate embraced the most self-serving Empire State cliché they could glom — Bernie Sanders trumpeted his Spaldeen-stoopball 1950s Brooklyn upbringing (while eliding the endemic segregation in his fiercely divided neighborhood), Hillary touted her 2000 upstate listening tour (downplaying her coziness with Wall Street), while actual Americans Ted Cruz and John Kasich seemed mesmerized by the wild exoticism of half-sour pickles and matzas.

Only Donald Trump — a “Bonfire of the Vanities” character who has busted out of his tabloid 1980s cage to devour 2016 basic-cable America — seemed to really get what New Yorkers wanted. Which was to be momentarily amused, then left the hell alone. By necessity (no riots, please!) and instinct (he has Jeter-esque name recognition already) the Donald lay lower than in any previous contest and triumphed resoundingly.

It was semi-fun while it lasted. Here are five takeaways from the New York primary.

1. “Momentum” is for losers. Bernie Sanders cruised into New York riding a wave of victories: He won eight out of the past nine nominating contests. Which all added up to not very much — he cut Clinton’s lead in pledged delegates from about 240 to under 200. The Sanders campaign — taking a page from Clinton’s own effort in 2008 — has been pushing the idea that the Vermont senator was surging past the mathematical impediments to his nomination.

Clinton nearly erased that run with one big win in New York, a victory that her staff expected to net her about 20 to 25 pledged delegates. It also robbed Sanders of a core (if flawed) rationale for his candidacy: That Clinton couldn’t win consistently in big, Northern states — she can add New York to a column of wins that includes Florida, Texas, Virginia and Ohio.

And late in the day came news that electrified Clinton’s already-jazzed staff: that Sanders had unexpectedly flown back to Vermont to recharge his political batteries.

2. Trump: The mouth that didn’t roar. Turns out that shutting up, lying low and reorganizing your amateurish campaign ain’t such a bad idea. Trump, who kicked off his candidacy at Trump Tower on Fifth took the Fifth during his home-state primary — steering clear of perilously liberal Manhattan to hold rallies in Patchogue on Long Island and Rochester upstate.

It may be too late to showcase restraint, but Trump (who attempted rapprochement with Megyn Kelly during the primary sprint) used his dead-certain win here as cover to reset his campaign — layering over bar-bouncer campaign manager Corey Lewandowski with seasoned GOP pro Paul Manafort and flack Hope Hicks with former Scott Walker aide Rick Wiley.

3. Bernie and Hillary officially hate each other’s guts. Here was a hometown contest destined to sow bitterness. Sanders (like so many other Brooklynites) professes to be proud of the moxie and street toughness instilled by the borough of his birth, but his first-ever vote was with his feet — and he got out, first to Chicago, then to the braying-Guernsey environs of Burlington. Still, he feels pride of ownership and bragged (in Wyoming) that he would make New York transplant Clinton quake; Clinton, who parked her carpetbag in Chappaqua 15 years ago, wanted to crush his upstart challenge in her Chappaqua backyard — and she did.

Clinton won by a wide margin— and there was much eff-you high-fiving in the ballroom of the Sheraton New York. But Sanders’ defeat (accompanied, as always by the big crowds and even bigger torrent of online donations) was the bitterest one yet and deepened the already yawning fault lines between the Bernie stalwarts and a Clinton team increasingly itchy to see him gone. Not going to happen anytime soon, apparently: The tweet being incredulously digested at a Clinton victory party was an MSNBC report quoting Sanders campaign manager Jeff Weaver defiantly claiming his candidate would take the fight to the convention floor — even if Clinton secured an overwhelming lead among pledged delegates and supers.

“We kicked his ass tonight,” a senior Clinton aide told me Tuesday night. “I hope this convinces Bernie to tone it down. If not, f--- him.”

4. Why is John Kasich still running? Sure, Donald Trump built (or branded himself on) over half of Manhattan. But Ohio Gov. John Kasich, the closest thing to a moderate remaining in the Republican field should have appealed to voters here — and he couldn’t make the sale in critical areas like Nassau County or suburban Buffalo. At 11 p.m. he was clocking in at a modest 25 percent — less than half of Trump’s commanding 60 percent level of victory.

Kasich stands no chance of catching either Trump or Ted Cruz in the delegate hunt— so his core rationale is that he fares far better than either man in a general election match-up against Hillary Clinton. Losing so badly in her home state, however, does little to bolster that case — and the trickle of cash coming to his campaign is likely to dry up as he heads into the homestretch.

5. Whiteout. Clinton managed to fight Sanders to a virtual draw among white voters statewide (and won 60-to-40 among whites in the five boroughs) — but the big story, for the umpteenth time in 2016 was Sanders’ inability to make significant inroads with black voters. Spike Lee made a nice ad for the Vermont senator — but it couldn’t compensate for the candidate’s repeated (and inexplicable) dismissal of Clinton’s huge wins in the “Deep South” — which blacks interpreted as a slight.",1
4895,Gary Johnson and Bill Weld Shift Focus to Answering Questions Outside of Debates,"Two weeks ago, as Nick Gillespie reported in this space, Libertarian Party presidential nominee Gary Johnson said that it was ""game over"" if he was not included in the first 2016 presidential debate on Sept. 26. Given that the Democratic/Republican-controlled ""nonpartisan"" Commission on Presidential Debates (CPD) will choose the debate roster in mid-September based on a five-agency polling average that currently sits at 8.8 percent, well short of the required 15 percent, for Johnson, the irresistible force of the LP's debate-centric focus has been on a collision course with the immovable object of the CPD's unreasonably high threshold. Until, it seems, this afternoon.

No matter how much independent-bent political celebrities such as Mitt Romney, Arnold Schwarzenegger, and Mitch Daniels support the L.P. ticket being included in the debates, and no matter how much that motion is seconded by solid majorities of the American voting public, rules are rules, and when said rules are written by the Republican and Democratic parties, Libertarians are screwed. Unless, vice presidential nominee William Weld told me this afternoon, the mounting outrage at the ""rigged"" system is married to the sight of the two candidates outside every debate venue, making a mockery of the proceedings inside by answering every question simultaneously, only better:

""So I'm no longer so sure that it's game over if we're not in the debates,"" Weld told me. ""I think there's going to be kind of a national uproar if we're not in the debates, and we will join in that uproar, and be standing together on the street corner outside every debate venue answering the same questions as in the debate in real time, you know, putting it out on Facebook Live.""

Weld made the same promise during his address at a midtown Manhattan rally this afternoon, which was attended by 500-plus enthusiastic supporters.

""We've seen that the little videos that we record in 90 seconds are seen by 15, 18 million people in a matter of less than two weeks,"" he told me, ""so that kind of free media attention might continue all the way from now until November 8th as a result of our exclusion. That would be a substitute, at least in part, for being in the debates, and it would give us the high ground. It's ground that I think we could occupy with some happiness.""",1
655,"Ryan Endorses Trump, Trump Crushes Ryan’s Dreams","After his shotgun wedding to the presumptive GOP nominee last week, the House speaker is getting a glimpse of his future with a man who puts his dreams before anyone else’s.

There’s no currently available evidence showing that Donald Trump’s entire campaign is just one big, deliberate effort to troll Paul Ryan.

Since Ryan allied himself with the mogul, Trump has engaged in some of his worst behavior of the cycle, and his backers show no restraint in their eagerness to malign and mock the Speaker of the House. Any hoped-for Trump/Ryan Era of Good Feelings?

On June 2, Ryan endorsed Trump. He said he made that decision because he believes a President Trump will help pass his forthcoming agenda.

“Through these conversations, I feel confident he would help us turn the ideas in this agenda into laws to help improve people’s lives,” Ryan said. “That’s why I’ll be voting for him this fall.”

One day later, Donald Trump welcomed Paul Ryan to the rest of his life by saying the federal judge overseeing a civil case against the now-defunct Trump University is unsuited for the job because he’s of Mexican ancestry (said judge, Gonzalo Curiel, was born in Indiana).

Ryan responded to the comments in a press conference he held in Southeast D.C. to roll out the first item on his policy agenda, a series of proposals to fight poverty.

The focus of the morning could have been on the fact that House Republicans finally decided to start talking about poverty—an issue their party has long declined to focus on. But the biggest news Paul Ryan made was his response to Trump.

“Saying a person can’t do their job because of their race is sort of the textbook definition of racist comments,” he said, saying Trump’s comments on Curiel “should be absolutely disavowed.”

“I’m not going to even pretend to defend them,” he added. “I’m going to defend our ideas. I’m going to defend our agenda. What matters to us most is our principles and the policies that come from those principles, and our ability to give the people of this country a better way forward.”

Tuesday’s press conference, was suppose to highlight Ryan’s latest attempt to turn the page away from the insanity of the presidential election and back to the serious business of lawmaking. He has spent the past few weeks cutting campaign-style videos teasing the release of a series of proposals from House Republicans.

The sad irony of all this is that Trump actually paid lip service to Ryan’s anti-poverty plan when he appeared on CBS’s Face the Nation on June 5.

“Paul Ryan—well, I think we will agree on—as an example, he really focuses on poverty,” Trump told host John Dickerson. “He wants to take people out of poverty. So do I. And we’re going to come up with a plan.”

But that comment was totally drowned out by the criticism Trump drew for saying on the same show that a Muslim judge would probably be just as unfair to him as a judge of Mexican ancestry.",1
2024,The reinvention of Mitt Romney,A verdict in 2017 could have sweeping consequences for tech startups.,1
866,Donald Trump is really going to be the nominee. This is actually happening.,"Donald Trump is going to be the Republican nominee.

The only way he won't is if something unthinkable happens. He could be struck by lightning. He could pull off his Trump mask and reveal that he's actually been Impossible Mission Force agent Ethan Hunt this whole time. Short of that, I dunno. You never want to say never in American politics, but this is the exception.

He is way up in the polls in Indiana, which will net him a bunch of delegates. Then he's set to dominate West Virginia and New Jersey further down the road, and after that he looks likely to win most of California's delegates. All this means he will probably secure a majority of delegates by early June when the last states have voted — and so he'll win on the first ballot at the Republican National Convention.

But even more to the point, there is simply no sign that even if he does fall slightly short of an outright delegate majority, the party will try to meaningfully contest the convention. There are a handful of Republican Party leaders who are fundamentally opposed to Trump, but they are genuinely few and far between. The vast majority of GOP elected officials don't think nominating Trump is a good idea, but they have no intention at this point of doing anything to stop it from happening.

The short-lived Cruz-Kasich pact, in which John Kasich would throw the race in Indiana and Ted Cruz would do likewise in Oregon, illustrates the fundamental problem — there are steps through which Republican Party actors could have stopped Trump, but none of them have ever really come together, and now they are out of time.

An Indiana pact was just about the lowest-cost form of collaboration imaginable. The reason is that for Kasich to instruct his supporters to vote for Cruz in Indiana would be a zero-cost move. Right now it is mathematically impossible for either Kasich or Cruz to secure a majority of delegates. The only way for either one of them to win the nomination is through a contested convention. And to get a contested convention, they need to stop Trump from getting a majority. Indiana allocates a large share of votes to whoever wins a statewide plurality.

Therefore, far and away the best hope for Kasich is to prevent Trump from gaining a plurality in Indiana. And to do that, he needs people who want Kasich to be president to vote for Cruz, who is currently in second place.

There was a brief moment when Kasich pulled resources out of Indiana, but even during the heyday of the ""alliance"" he wasn't willing to actually tell his supporters to vote Cruz — even though the benefits to Kasich of a strategic vote for Cruz exist even if Cruz doesn't make any concessions to Cruz.

That's all below the radar of normal people watching the election from the sidelines, but it's crucially important because it shows the extent to which there is genuinely no anti-Trump movement in the Republican Party. There's a Twitter hashtag and a fair amount of talk from conservative intellectuals, but the vast majority of the party's elected officials, donors, and grassroots leaders have been watching nervously and not saying much.

There are lots of people out there, ranging from true conservatives like Cruz's supporters to moderates like Kasich's supporters, who don't really want Trump to be the nominee. But nobody is doing anything to stop him, and the closer he gets to winning the more people join his bandwagon.

The Trump phenomenon is confounding many people because, on the one hand, it seems impossible to many that the Republican Party would nominate such a weak general election candidate, while it seems impossible to many others that Donald Trump could be such a strong candidate.

So let's be clear about this. Trump is, by every sign available, a historically weak general election candidate.

His unfavorable numbers are off the charts, he is losing to Hillary Clinton in every head-to-head poll, and his policy proposals are going to attract a level of media scrutiny that Republican nominees normally avoid because conservative intellectuals have spent a lot of time dumping on them over the past five months.

At the same time, Republicans aren't going to let these facts stop him from being their nominee.

It turns out that party elites have less sway over the nominating process than many of us thought 12 months ago. In particular, I would say it turns out that the commercial right-of-center mass media — especially Fox News and talk radio but also the Breitbart corner of the internet — is simply not that invested in what party elites think or want. Trump is not liked by a majority of Americans, but he is certainly a compelling television character, and catering to the minority taste for Trumpism has proven to be an effective business strategy.

Given his ability to attract copious quantities of free media and his personal wealth, Trump can overcome the disadvantages of being disliked by the party's professional operative class and leverage his grassroots popularity to victory.

VIDEO: This is how much conservatives hate Trump

If you want to understand what's going on with Trump, I think you can't do much better than to look at this 2015 poll from the Public Religion Research Institute, which reveals a huge partisan gap on a pretty basic question — is racism against white people a bigger problem than racism against racial minority groups?

Republicans said yes; Democrats and independents said no:

This is why Trump's Republican opponents haven't made the obvious criticism of him that he's running a campaign based on racial demagoguery.

To Republican primary voters, it's not obvious that racist demagoguery is a bad thing. Or, at a minimum, it seems like a less pernicious thing than the apparently pervasive discrimination against white people in American society.

Typically political parties try to emphasize hot-button wedge issues where a majority of the public is on their side, and deemphasize ones where they are in the minority. On the question of racism, Republicans are distinctly in the minority. But party elites' ability to prevent a campaign from being waged on this issue has been checked by Trump. So he's going to be the nominee. Not because he's an unstoppable juggernaut, but because it's going to take a Democrat to stop him.",1
3009,Political polarization is getting worse. Everywhere.,"You've probably seen this chart.

It uses analysis from VoteView to show how the House has grown more polarized over time. Democrats in the House have become more liberal; Republicans have become much more conservative.

You may also have seen this chart -- but if you haven't, you probably at least are familiar with the concept.

It shows the ranges of weekly approval ratings for President Obama over the course of his administration. In other words, each time 82 percent of Democrats approve of Obama, the 82 percent bar gets a little higher. For the most part, opinions of Obama haven't changed much among Democrats or Republicans; his overall approval rating is usually a function of how independents feel about him.

Obama isn't the first president to see such polarization in his approval ratings. The first president to do so was the guy before him, George W. Bush. Ronald Reagan and Bill Clinton each had some polarization in their second terms, but it wasn't nearly as wide a gap.

Which leads us to a natural question: How does the polarization of Congress -- which is a measure of the behavior of members of Congress -- compare with the polarization of approval of the president, a measure of public opinion?

That's a question we can answer.

Over time, the gap between the political leaning of Republican and Democratic caucuses on Capitol Hill has widened steadily (though not continuously). This compares DW-NOMINATE scores from VoteView, which is a measure of how liberal or conservative each member of Congress is against a baseline. The figures below essentially measure the distance between the two lines in the first graph above.

Over that same period, opinions of the president have similarly widened -- again, with some fits and starts.

There are two lines here, one using the first Gallup approval rating of the new year and the other averaging the ratings over the year. You can see how attitudes shift; the gap plummets as a president becomes equally popular or unpopular with each party.

Anyway, this suggests that as Congress has gotten more polarized, so too have opinions of the presidents.

But there's a clearer way to look at this. Plotting the gap in how Democrats and Republicans look at the president on one axis and the gap between the two parties in Congress on the other, you can see clearly how both the former and latter have grown more extreme. (The higher and further to the right a dot, the greater the polarization.)

In other words, this polarization isn't only a function of Congress and gerrymandering. There's been a broader polarization that's taken place, reflected in how each party views the president.

What it doesn't tell us is the cause. As complicated as these data are, this was the easier part of the analysis.",1
1213,Rubio Goes From Robot to Terminator Against Donald Trump,"Marco Rubio was on a mission on Thursday night: Destroy The Donald. How much damage did he really do?

The Florida senator delivered what was easily his best debate performance yet Thursday night, hammering frontrunner Donald Trump repeatedly on his character, his business record, and his claims to being a conservative. It was the performance he needed. The question now is whether it will matter at all.

Fresh off a three-state winning streak, Trump is close to being anointed the Presumptive Nominee by the media. With just days to go before the crucial sting of Super Tuesday primaries, Trump appears to be leading in most if not every state on the verge of a contest. He has the momentum. He has the math on his side.

“In 2011, he talked about the need for a pathway to citizenship,” Rubio said. “In 2012, Donald criticized Mitt Romney, saying that Mitt lost his election because of self-deportation. And so even today, we saw a report... that Donald, you’ve hired a significant number of people from other countries to take jobs that Americans could have filled.” Rubio then referenced Trump’s use of Polish workers to construct Trump Tower, which cost the real estate mogul a major settlement in the early 1980s.

“My mom was a maid at a hotel,” Rubio continued. “And instead of hiring an American like her, you have brought in over a thousand people from all over the world to fill those jobs instead. So I think this is an important issue. And I think we are realizing that it’s an important issue for the country that’s been debated for 30 years, but finally needs to be solved once and for all.”

Trump continued, “As far as the people I’ve hired in various parts of Florida during the absolute prime season, like Palm Beach and other locations, you could not get help. It’s the up season. People didn’t want to have part-time jobs. They were part-time jobs, very seasonal, 90-day jobs, 120-day jobs, and you couldn’t get. Everybody agrees with me on that. They were part-time jobs. You needed them, or we just might as well close the doors, because you couldn’t get help in those hot, hot sections of Florida.”

Trump, who had yet to really be attacked by Rubio—or, really, anyone else—this way, didn’t have much of a response when put on the spot. Trump seemed caught off guard by a candidate with whom he’d enjoyed a kind of détente for some time.

“It’s not a sound bite,” Rubio said, sticking to his guns. “It’s a fact. Again, go online and Google it. Donald Trump, Polish workers. The second thing about the trade war, I don’t understand, because your clothes and the ties you wear are made in Mexico and in China. You’ll be starting a trade war against your own clothes and suits.”

The old political rule is to attack your enemy’s strengths. And that’s exactly what Rubio was doing. Trump has framed himself as a brilliant businessman animated by his concern for the common man, the little guy, the silent majority. He’s never marketed himself as an orthodox conservative, but that’s where his opponents have hit him again and again with no result.

But Rubio tried something different with his attacks Thursday night. He tried to prove Trump is a huckster, a charlatan who doesn’t know what he’s talking about when pressed for specifics, a trust-fund baby looking to rip off hard-working Americans in order to make a dishonest buck. It went to the heart of Trump’s appeal, and for that reason it just might stick.

Rubio looked and sounded different from how we’ve ever seen him. But so did Trump. For a man who makes so many facial expressions, he rarely displays any recognizable human emotion, preferring instead to stay aloof and dismissive. Thursday night was different. He was, at turns, deeply frustrated and consumed by abject terror. Things were going very wrong, very quickly—and right before his squinty eyes.

Trump let out an exhausted sigh. His head seemed to sink into his shoulder pads. He grabbed the microphone with his left hand and wagged his finger with Rubio with his right. “No, no. I’m the only one on this stage that’s hired people,” he threw his arms out, “you haven’t hired anybody.”

After Trump reminded the audience that Rubio had recently been roasted by erstwhile candidate Chris Christie, Rubio pressed Trump for specifics on his health-care plan. Trump talked in circles, claiming he would magically create competition by “removing” the “lines around the states,” and then claiming it over and over again.

The audience cheered. They got the joke—Rubio’s robot reputation stems from his habit, most clearly shown at his disastrous pre-New Hampshire primary debate, of hewing to his talking points when flustered. Trump stuck his finger in the air in defiance, “no, no, no!” he said, “no no no! I don’t repeat myself! I don’t repeat myself!”",1
4782,"Nobody Won the VP Debate, Least of All the American Electorate","About 90 minutes before the vice-presidential debate started, the Republican National Committee posted a press release claiming that Donald Trump's running mate, Mike Pence, ""was the clear winner of the debate.""

That sort of stunt and Tim Kaine's painfully unfunny and hyper-scripted one-liners help explain why the Republican and Democratic candidates are disliked by large majorities and why party identification is at or near historic lows. Full debate transcript here.

We don't simply need politicians talking over one another like guests on a public-access cable show, we need more voices on the stage having substantive discussions about the future of the country. We didn't get that with the vice-presidential debate and it's unlikely we'll get it in next week's presidential debate either.

Produced by Paul Detrick, Nick Gillespie, and Joshua Swain. Narrated by Gillespie. About 50 seconds.

Updated: For those keeping score, a CNN/ORC poll taken immediately following the debate had Pence winning the debate, 48 percent to 42 percent for Kaine.",1
2698,Fox News Eats Its Own,"The Republican National Committee triumphantly seized control of the debates last year, saying it would not allow a repeat of 2012, when “the liberal media interrogated our candidates on issues that were often not a priority to most Americans. … We need more conservatives … in the moderator’s chair.”

But what was a play to keep their candidates safe inside a conservative cocoon now looks like a trap. The first Republican presidential debate will air on Fox News and will be moderated by Bret Baier, Megyn Kelly and Chris Wallace—who happen to be the same three anchors that have provoked three Republican candidates into embarrassing gaffes this month. Turns out Fox News’ anchors can make Republican candidates look just as bad as MSNBC’s.

The RNC sought to install more “conservatives in the moderator’s chair” because conservatives still are nursing grudges against some of the 2012 primary debate moderators. When ABC’s George Stephanopoulos pressed Mitt Romney on whether “states have the right to ban contraception,” conservatives blamed the “liberal media” for asking an irrelevant question. When CNN’s John King opened a debate by asking Newt Gingrich about allegations leveled by his ex-wife, Gingrich brought the crowd to its feet by chastising King and lambasting “the elite media protecting Barack Obama by attacking Republicans.”

At least in those instances, Republicans could try the “blame the media” strategy to limit the damage. This year, when Republicans shoot themselves in the foot on the debate stage, they won’t have that option.

The recent gaffes on Fox News by Republican candidates are not because Fox News journalists are suddenly out to get Republicans. It’s because even a softball question can trip up a candidate not ready for prime time. Megyn Kelly’s interview of Jeb Bush was the journalistic equivalent of a warm hug. Her simple Iraq question—“Knowing what we know now, would you have authorized the invasion?”—was only a couple of notches tougher than Katie Couric’s “What newspapers and magazines did you regularly read?”

After Jeb’s initial answer, which skipped past the hindsight premise, Kelly conversationally and neutrally asked for a clarification, “You don't think it was a mistake?” When Jeb was done, she breezily moved on to a new line of questioning well-suited for Fox: “Do you feel that America's place in the world has diminished under President Obama?”

But Fox News teased the Iraq clip before the full interview aired, sparking a media firestorm. Rivals Chris Christie and Ted Cruz, both fervent hawks, jumped in front of the microphone to proclaim they would not have invaded. Influential conservative radio talker Laura Ingraham was incredulous: “You have to have [a nominee] who says, ‘Look, I’m a Republican but I’m not an idiot … I learn from the past.’”

Trying to clean up his mess a couple of days later, Bush ran to what should have been safe ground, Fox News’ Sean Hannity. The host functioned less as a journalist than as a friend helping a friend in need. He first suggested “the media” interpreted Bush wrong and so “I wanted to see if I could clarify that.” After Bush failed to actually clarify, Hannity threw him a second lifeline, “So in other words, with 20/20 hindsight, you would make a different decision.” Bush whiffed the softball, saying, “I don’t know what that decision would have been.”

Unlike the Kelly and Hannity chats, Chris Wallace’s recent interview with Marco Rubio was truly aggressive. He wouldn’t let up over Rubio’s abandonment of the Senate immigration bill for which he voted: “You bailed on comprehensive immigration reform. … Aren't leaders supposed to shape public opinion rather than just follow it? … Shouldn't you have campaigned for this?” He also busted Rubio for a “dramatic shift” in his foreign policy rhetoric, backing off his 2012 support for Iran negotiations and forgoing earlier assurances he was “not a saber-rattling person.”

And those barbs were just the warm-up for the three-minute raking over Iraq. As Wallace bore into Rubio’s varying responses, the unprepared Senate freshman dug himself into a hole by pleading semantic differences regarding questions about whether Iraq was a mistake and whether he’d have invaded knowing what we know now. Relentless, Wallace asked Rubio about seven times “Was it a mistake?” And he refused to let Rubio answer it with caveats, cutting him off with “I'm not asking you that.”

If Wallace were not working for Rupert Murdoch, the loaded questions, opinionated assertions and repeated interruptions would earn Wallace a lifetime membership in the Liberal Media Elite Club.

You can expect Wallace to be similarly unforgiving at the inaugural debate. In fact it was four Augusts ago when Wallace was the foil for Gingrich’s first public haranguing of a debate moderator. (He did not care for what he called a “gotcha question”: “How do you respond to people who say that your campaign has been a mess so far?”) Gingrich was not alone. Wallace dredged up Mitt Romney’s record of layoffs and Herman Cain’s litany of amateurish remarks. Candidates who expect to get a free ride from Wallace will quickly become debate roadkill.",1
1090,"New math: Where Trump, Clinton stand after primary victories","Donald Trump dominated the night, but Ohio Gov. John Kasich kept him from a clean sweep. On the Democratic side, Hillary Clinton formidably extended her lead over Sen. Bernie Sanders.

How SNL's 'the bubble' sketch about polarization is all too true

A woman gestures to the news media at a campaign event for Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump in Tampa, Fla., Monday. Trump extended his lead Tuesday, winning the winner-take-all Florida primary and two other contests. But he lost Ohio to Gov. John Kasich, preventing a clean sweep. Missouri remained too close to call as of deadline.

The once-improbable prospect of a Trump-Clinton general election showdown just got stronger.

Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton dealt a crushing blow to Bernie Sanders’s presidential hopes in Tuesday’s primaries, beating him in four contests, and leading in the fifth – Missouri – which remains too close to call.

On the Republican side, Donald Trump boosted his front-runner status, winning the most delegates at stake Tuesday and forcing Florida Sen. Marco Rubio out of the race by handing him a humiliating defeat in his home state.

But Mr. Trump failed to sweep, losing in Ohio to the state’s governor, John Kasich. It was Governor Kasich’s first win of primary season, giving him cause to stay in the race – even as he was mathematically eliminated from contention. Kasich’s only hope is for a contested national convention in July, where he somehow emerges as a “unity” candidate.

For now, though, Trump dominates in the delegate race, with 621 of the 1,237 needed to secure the nomination, as of early Wednesday. Texas Sen. Ted Cruz sits in second place, with 396.

To reach the magic number of 1,237 before the Republican convention in Cleveland, Trump would need to win some 58 percent of the remaining delegates, a tough task in a three-person race, but not impossible.

“A contested convention remains a 50-50 proposition, but should Trump fall just shy of the magic number, the GOP will be contesting him at its own peril,” says Republican strategist Ford O’Connell.

Tuesday’s results revealed and reinforced several points about the strength of both Trump and Clinton.

For Trump, Tuesday’s victories came in spite of the front-runner’s unwillingness to condemn acts of violence by supporters at his rallies, which party leaders have urged him to do. Last weekend, Trump canceled a rally in Chicago after anti-Trump protesters infiltrated the venue and threatened to shut it down – leading to skirmishes between pro- and anti-Trump activists. Trump went on to win the Illinois primary Tuesday by 9 points, beating Senator Cruz 39 percent to 30 percent.

Trump supporters are known to back him early, and not budge from their position. And on Tuesday, exit polls showed continued popularity for his views. Some 52 percent of voters said they wanted an “outsider” for president, and of those, Trump won 69 percent of the vote.

Trump also won the majority of voters who want to deport undocumented immigrants, are “angry” at the federal government, favor a temporary ban on Muslims entering the United States, and are falling behind financially. He also won 47 percent of voters who oppose free trade.

“All are impressive results in a multi-candidate race,” writes pollster Gary Langer in an  analysis for ABC News.

In remarks Tuesday night to reporters and invited guests at his Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach, Fla., Trump highlighted the millions of dollars of negative ads that his primary opponents and outside groups funded by the Republican “establishment” have run against him, to seemingly little effect.

Still, Trump remains a deeply divisive figure in the Republican Party, as Tuesday’s exit polls showed.

“Among Republicans who did not vote for him this Tuesday night, 61 percent said they’d seriously consider a third party candidate if it were Trump vs. Clinton in November,” Mr. Langer notes. “Indeed, in another question, 45 percent of non-Trump supporters flatly said they would not vote for him in November if he were the party’s nominee.”

The prospect of Trump causing a formal split in the Republican Party seems as real as ever, if he goes into the convention with a majority of delegates – or close to a majority. But party regulars are at a loss over how to resolve the issue. Advisers to Trump and Cruz categorically rule out the idea of even allowing Kasich to compete in a contested convention, according to Politico.

“If Trump has hundreds more delegates than the runner-up (almost certainly, Cruz) and he is over 1,000 delegates, it will be exceedingly difficult to deny him the nomination,” write analysts at  Sabato’s Crystal Ball. “In fact, to do so would be to guarantee a meltdown of historic proportions in Cleveland.”

In Tuesday’s Democratic contests, former Secretary of State Clinton beat Senator Sanders handily in Florida, Ohio, and North Carolina, beat him narrowly in her native state of Illinois, and fought him to a virtual tie in Missouri. Most important, she recovered her balance after losing to the Vermonter the week before in a stunning upset in Michigan. Sanders had hoped to continue his Rust Belt incursion with victories in Illinois, Ohio, and Missouri with his message of economic populism and opposition to free trade but he failed.

Clinton won big among racial and ethnic minorities, as usual, but in Ohio, also won big among white voters, a cohort she had lost in Michigan. Among white women in Ohio, she won 61 percent to 39 percent, Langer notes.

“Clinton found her footing in Ohio on issues, as well, to some extent defanging Sanders on free trade – she won antitrade voters, a group Sanders took in Michigan,” Langer writes. “As many saw him as too anti-business as saw her as too pro-business. And four in 10 called his policies unrealistic, twice as many as said so about hers.”

In her victory speech Tuesday evening, Clinton pivoted toward a general election message that echoed both Sanders and Trump, repeatedly promising creation of “good jobs.”

“Good paying jobs are the tickets to the middle class and we're going to stand up for the American middle class again,” Clinton said. “We're going to stand up for American workers and make sure no one takes advantage of us, not China, not Wall Street, and not overpaid corporate executives.”

Still, despite a big deficit in pledged delegates, Sanders is certain to take his fight for the Democratic nomination all the way to the party’s convention in Philadelphia in July. He is still drawing large crowds, and money is still pouring into his campaign. The bottom line rule for candidates in both races is this: Have money, will campaign.",1
627,Donald Trump Bans 'Washington Post' From Campaign Events,"Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump announced Monday he was revoking press credentials for The Washington Post, upset with the major newspaper's coverage of his campaign.

The action from the Trump campaign is the latest in a string of moves Trump's campaign has made to ban reporters and news outlets that, in the mind of the billionaire businessman, have not treated him fairly.

According to another Facebook post, the final straw seems to have been a story that the Post originally headlined ""Donald Trump suggests President Obama was involved with Orlando shooting."" The current headline now reads, ""Donald Trump seems to connect President Obama to Orlando shooting.""

""We changed the headline shortly after it posted to more properly reflect what Trump said. We did so on our own; the Trump campaign never contacted us about it,"" Post Vice President for Communications Kristine Coratti Kelly told NPR.

In the story, the Post quoted a Fox News interview from Monday morning in which Trump said that Obama ""either is not tough, not smart, or he's got something else in mind"" in his refusal to mention the words ""radical Islamic terrorism"" following the mass shooting at an Orlando gay nightclub that killed 49 people early Sunday morning.

This headline, however, is not the first Post item that has gotten under Trump's skin. Reporter David Farenthold pressed Trump for details about donations he promised to make to veterans groups after a January fundraiser. And only after that reporting did Trump donate the $1 million he had promised and already said he had donated. Trump held a press conference to reveal that he had donated the money and called Farenthold a ""nasty guy.""

Trump has also alleged that Post owner Jeff Bezos was using the newspaper to protect Amazon, which he also owns, from higher taxes. He offered no evidence for that claim. In a statement explaining why he banned the Post, one of the most influential newspapers in the country, Trump's campaign repeated that accusation.

""We no longer feel compelled to work with a publication which has put its need for 'clicks' above journalistic integrity,"" the Republican's campaign said in a statement. ""They have no journalistic integrity and write falsely about Mr. Trump. Mr. Trump does not mind a bad story, but it has to be honest.""

In his own statement, Post Executive Editor Martin Baron said the newspaper was ""proud of our coverage"" and wouldn't relent in questioning Trump:

The Post is not the first news organization denied credentials to cover Trump's campaign events. The Huffington Post, Politico, BuzzFeed, the Daily Beast, the Des Moines Register, the New Hampshire Union Leader, Univision and others have also been blocked from covering events.

Trump has had a contentious relationship with the press ever since he announced his candidacy almost a year ago. But the acrimony with the Fourth Estate increased once it became clear he would be the Republican nominee.

In a press conference last month about those donations to veterans groups, Trump berated reporters after he detailed the source of the donations.

""I think the media is frankly, made up of people [who] in many cases — not in all cases — are not good people,"" Trump said, singling some reporters out by name and calling one ABC reporter a ""sleaze.""

And he said his approach to the press would stay the same if he were elected to the White House: ""Yeah, it is going to be like this. You think I'm going to change? I'm not going to change.""

""Donald Trump misunderstands — or, more likely, simply opposes — the role a free press plays in a democratic society,"" Thomas Burr, the National Press Club president, said after that contentious press conference. ""Reporters are supposed to hold public figures accountable. Any American political candidate who attacks the press for doing its job is campaigning in the wrong country. In the United States, under our Constitution, a free press is a check on politicians of all parties. If we are to demand that other countries respect the tradition of a free press we must also practice that here at home.""",1
4481,Senate Debate Reveals Absurd Level Of Trade Deal Secrecy,"The pair noted that although legislators are allowed to look at the text of the TPP in a secure room, they are only allowed to do so under restrictions that make it nearly impossible to understand what they are reading.

First, they can't bring expert staffers with them unless they have the right clearances, and the aides who have expertise in various relevant areas -- for instance on the impacts on the environment or labor law -- generally are not cleared.

""We are unable to take any notes or consider what we just saw unless we have a photographic memory and, unfortunately, I do not,"" Manchin said. ""I've tried to remember and look at things I knew I was looking for, but still it's almost impossible to walk out of there having the ability to sit down and evaluate what you just saw.""

""I taught the uniform commercial code and the bankruptcy code. I am not afraid of hollow, technical language. But you've got to be able to dig into it, you've got to be able to spend time and figure out the cross-references and the terms of art,"" Warren said. ""It's difficult, thick stuff to read, and it's set up to minimize your capacity to track all the pieces about what's happening.""

""Right now if you’re a staff member of the [Finance] Committee you can look at it. But if you’re one of my people who works for my intelligence staff that has clearance to see what’s going on with nukes or weapons anyplace in the world, or what’s going on with the CIA, they can do that, but they can’t look at that real precious agreement that they’ve drawn up,"" he said.

Hatch admitted somewhat uncomfortably on Thursday that it's hard to know what's in the deal. ""Look, I don't know fully what's in TPP myself,"" he said. ""And I'm going to be one of the most interested people on Earth when that comes.""

But, he argued that the bill moving through the Senate to give Obama his fast-track authority had plenty of transparency, since it requires any trade deal such as TPP to be made public 60 days before signing it with foreign partners, and another 60 days before Congress votes.

Hatch conveniently overlooked that fact that even if lawmakers find specific problems in a deal, there would be little they could do to stop it because fast-track allows no amendments and no filibusters.

The solution of posting a partially redacted version of a deal for everyone to see -- before the president gets fast-track powers -- isn't a new idea, or even a Democratic one, Manchin said. He pointed out that President George W. Bush released the text of the Free Trade of the Americas Agreement.

""He did this months before he was granted fast-track authority,"" Manchin said. ""He wasn't afraid to let us see. He wasn't afraid of the American public to know what was in that ... it didn't squelch the deal. It didn't harm anything.""

Manchin and Warren had hoped to pass their bill as an amendment to the fast-track legislation, but it was clear after the Senate advanced the measure Thursday that they wouldn't get the chance. Instead, they tried to get consent from Hatch to vote on it separately.

The Administration has taken unprecedented steps to increase the transparency of our trade negotiations. That includes working with Congressional leaders on both sides of the aisle to make the full text of negotiations and easy to understand summaries of each chapter available to all members of Congress in the Capitol for the first time ever.

 

 TPP negotiations are still ongoing. Once TPP is completed the public will have months to review the text online before it is even signed by the President and then more time before a vote is ever taken.",1
3269,McConnell: Trump's Muslim ban wouldn't pass the Senate,"Donald Trump's proposal to ban all Muslims from entering the United States would go nowhere in the Senate, the Republican leader there says.

""We're not gonna follow that suggestion that this particular candidate made,"" Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell told CNN's Jake Tapper Sunday on ""State of the Union.""

""It would prevent the president of Afghanistan from coming to the United States. The king of Jordan couldn't come to the United States,"" he said. ""Obviously we're not going to do that.""

McConnell had previously criticized Trump's proposal to temporarily block Muslims from entering the United States in the wake of terror attacks in Paris and California.

Despite his rebuke of Trump's proposal, McConnell wouldn't weigh in any further on the presidential race Sunday.",1
4496,"Obama nominates Merrick Garland to Supreme Court, sets up Senate showdown","President Obama named federal appeals judge Merrick Garland on Wednesday as his pick to succeed Antonin Scalia on the U.S. Supreme Court – setting up a showdown with Republicans who have vowed to block the choice.

Obama, who said he went through a rigorous and comprehensive screening process, said Garland would bring “integrity, modesty and an even-handedness” to the Supreme Court.

“I said I would take this process seriously, and I did,” Obama said at the Rose Garden ceremony.

Yet within minutes, Republicans doubled down on their opposition to confirming any nominee in an election year, insisting that the vacant seat not be filled until a new president is sworn in.

“It is a president’s constitutional right to nominate a Supreme Court justice and it is the Senate’s constitutional right to act as a check on a president and withhold its consent,” Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said on the Senate floor.

Obama, anticipating the swift resistance, urged Republicans to reconsider, adding it would be unprecedented for Garland not to at least get a hearing.

“I hope they’re fair. That’s all,” Obama said. “To give him a fair hearing and up or down vote.”

Obama said earlier Wednesday that it was both his “constitutional duty to nominate a justice and one of the most important decisions that I – or any president – will make.”

He added, “I’m doing my job. I hope that our senators will do their jobs, and move quickly to consider my nominee.”

A Senate confirmation is required for any nominee to join the bench.

Before the announcement, Sen. Mike Lee, R-Utah, also told Fox News that neither he nor his GOP colleagues on the Senate Judiciary Committee would back down and declared once more he would stop the nomination from going forward.

“We’ve been clear,” Lee said of his plan to reject Garland’s nomination.

Garland has served under both Republicans and Democrats. He clerked for the court’s liberal icon, Justice William J. Brennan Jr. In 1997, 32 Republicans voted in favor of his nomination, including seven who are still members of the Senate.

Garland was mentioned as a possible nominee when Justice Paul Stevens retired in 2010.

The vacancy ultimately went to Justice Elena Kagan.

Sen. Chuck Schumer of New York, the No. 3 Democratic leader, called Garland's section, ""a bipartisan choice,"" adding: ""If the Republicans can't support him, who can they support?""

Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid, who spoke to Obama Wednesday morning, said in brief remarks on the Senate floor that Republicans must act on the president's choice. ""He's doing his job this morning, they should do theirs,"" said the Nevada Democrat.

If confirmed, Garland would be expected to align with the more liberal members, but he is not viewed as down-the-line liberal. Particularly on criminal defense and national security cases, he's earned a reputation as centrist, and one of the few Democratic-appointed judges Republicans might have fast-tracked to confirmation -- under other circumstances.

But in the current climate, Garland remains a tough sell. Republicans control the Senate, which must confirm any nominee, and GOP leaders want to leave the choice to the next president, denying Obama a chance to alter the ideological balance of the court before he leaves office next January. Republicans contend that a confirmation fight in an election year would be too politicized.

Ahead of Obama's announcement, the Republican Party set up a task force that will orchestrate attack ads, petitions and media outreach. The aim is to bolster Senate Republicans' strategy of denying consideration of Obama's nominee. The party's chairman, Reince Priebus, described it as the GOP's most comprehensive judicial response effort ever.

On the other side, Obama allies have been drafted to run a Democratic effort that will involve liberal groups that hope an Obama nominee could pull the high court's ideological balance to the left. The effort would target states where activists believe Republicans will feel political heat for opposing hearings once Obama announced his nominee.

For Obama, Garland represents a significant departure from his past two Supreme Court choices. In nominating Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kagan, the president eagerly seized the chance to broaden the court's diversity and rebalance the overwhelming male institution. Sotomayor was the first Hispanic confirmed to the court, Kagan only the fourth woman.

Garland -- a white, male jurist with an Ivy League pedigree and career spent largely in the upper echelon of the Washington's legal elite -- breaks no barriers. At 63 years old, he would be the oldest Supreme Court nominee since Lewis Powell, who was 64 when he was confirmed in late 1971.

Presidents tend to appoint young judges with the hope they will shape the court's direction for as long as possible.

Those factors had, until now, made Garland something of a perpetual bridesmaid, repeatedly on Obama's Supreme Court lists, but never chosen.

But Garland found his moment at time when Democrats are seeking to apply maximum pressure on Republicans. A key part of their strategy is casting Republicans as knee-jerk obstructionists ready to shoot down a nominee that many in their own ranks once considered a consensus candidate. In 2010, Utah Sen. Orrin Hatch called Garland ""terrific"" and said he could be confirmed ""virtually unanimously.""

The White House planned to highlight Hatch's past support, as well as other glowing comments about Garland from conservatives.

A native of Chicago and graduate of Harvard College and Harvard Law School, Garland clerked for two appointees of Republican President Dwight D. Eisenhower -- the liberal U.S. Supreme Court Justice William Brennan Jr. and Judge Henry J. Friendly, for whom Chief Justice John Roberts also clerked.

In 1988, he gave up a plush partner's office in a powerhouse law firms to cut his teeth in criminal cases. As an assistant U.S. attorney, he joined the team prosecuting a Reagan White House aide charged with illegal lobbying and did early work on the drug case against then-D.C. Mayor Marion Barry. He held a top-ranking post in the Justice Department when he was dispatched to Oklahoma City the day after bombing at the federal courthouse to supervise the investigation. The case made his career and his reputation. He oversaw the convictions of Timothy McVeigh and Terry Nichols, and went on to supervise the investigation into Unabomber Ted Kaczynski.

President Bill Clinton first nominated him to the D.C. Circuit in 1995.

His prolonged confirmation process may prove to have prepared him for the one ahead. Garland waited 2 1/2 years to win confirmation to the appeals court. Then, as now, one of the man blocking path was Iowa Sen. Charles Grassley, argued he had no quarrel with Garland's credentials, but a beef with the notion of a Democratic president trying to fill a court he argued had too many seats.

Grassley ultimately relented, although he was not one of the 32 Republicans who voted in favor of Garland's confirmation. Nor was Sen. Mitch McConnell, the other major hurdle for Garland now. The Republicans who voted in favor of confirmation are Sen. Dan Coats, Sen. Thad Cochran, Sen. Susan Collins, Sen. Orrin Hatch, Sen. Jim Inhofe, Sen. John McCain, and Sen. Pat Roberts.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
1099,Trump has lit a fire. Can it be contained?,"An already ugly presidential campaign has descended to a new level — one where the question is no longer whether Donald Trump can be stopped on his march to the Republican presidential nomination, but whether it is possible to contain what he has unleashed across the country.

Violence at Trump’s rallies has escalated sharply, and the reality-show quality of his campaign has taken a more ominous turn in the past few days. On Saturday, a man charged the stage in Dayton, Ohio, and a swarm of Secret Service agents surrounded the GOP front-runner.

Later Saturday at a Trump rally in Kansas City, the candidate was repeatedly interrupted by protesters, who were then removed from the venue. Outside the rally, police said they used pepper spray to control crowds. Kansas City police said that two protesters were arrested.

The racially tinged anger that has both fueled Trump’s political rise and stoked the opposition to it has turned into a force unto itself. It has also brought a reckoning from his three remaining rivals for the Republican nomination, who are shedding their fear of provoking Trump and of alienating the raging slice of their party’s base that has claimed him as its leader.

But Trump should not be viewed in isolation or as the product of a single election, President Obama said Saturday at a fundraiser in Dallas.

Obama said those who “feed suspicion about immigrants and Muslims and poor people, and people who aren’t like ‘us,’ and say that the reason that America is in decline is because of ‘those’ people. That didn’t just happen last week. That narrative has been promoted now for years.”

This year’s presidential campaign, however, seems to have fallen into a bottomless spiral.

A low point came Friday night. Where Trump has delighted in mocking hecklers — and condoning attacks on them by his supporters — he was forced to cancel a rally at the last minute after protesters turned up by the thousands. That set off a chaotic scene in the arena at the University of Illinois at Chicago that left a handful injured and thousands agitated.

[Campaign 2016 is on a dangerous descent]

Trump’s continued domination of the GOP race suggests that there are no guardrails left in politics. Party elders and his opponents assumed that at some point, he would self-destruct. But he has defied just about every norm, and it has redounded to his benefit.

His candidacy and the sentiment it provokes have also stirred disturbing historical comparisons.

GOP political consultant Stuart Stevens, who was a top strategist for 2012 nominee Mitt Romney, said Trump’s rhetoric is “almost verbatim” what segregationist George Wallace was saying in his third-party 1968 presidential campaign.

“I don’t know what’s in Trump’s heart, but I don’t care. What he’s saying is really hateful,” Stevens said. “What did the Democratic Party do with Wallace? They rejected him.”

Some on the right accused the anti-Trump forces who shut down the rally in Chicago of being the true culprits, who denied the GOP front-runner an opportunity to exercise his constitutional right to free speech.

“It’s sad, number one, that you have protesters that resort to violence, that resort to threats of violence that resort to yelling and screaming and disruption to silence speech that they don’t like,” said Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas, who is running a distant second to Trump in the GOP primaries.

But Trump’s Republican opponents — all of whom have pledged to support Trump if he gets the nomination — said that the New York billionaire cannot be held blameless.

“I think it is also true that any campaign, responsibility begins and ends at the top,” Cruz said.

“Look at the rhetoric of the front-runner in the presidential campaign,” Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida said Saturday. “This is a man who at rallies has told his supporters to basically beat up the people who are in the crowd and he’ll pay their legal fees. Someone who’s basically encouraged the people in the audience to rough up anyone who stands up and says something he doesn’t like.

“I still at this moment continue to intend to support the Republican nominee, but it’s getting harder every day.”

Ohio Gov. John Kasich condemned Trump for creating a “toxic environment” that has led supporters and protesters to “come together in violence,” but he, too, stopped short of saying he would not support his Republican rival if Trump secures the party’s presidential nomination.

Their increasingly pointed criticism of Trump comes at a crucial moment in the GOP race, with primaries being held Tuesday in five states that could either propel Trump to the nomination or give life to the effort to stop him.

Most closely watched will be Florida and Ohio, which are considered must-wins for home-state candidates Rubio and Kasich. And for the first time in this electoral season, delegates will be awarded on a winner-take-all basis, which means that victories by Trump would accelerate his efforts to secure the nomination.

Trump has won GOP contests in 15 states, accumulating an estimated 458 Republican delegates of the 1,237 he needs.

On Thursday, the candidates held their final debate before the next round of primaries, and they managed to remain civil to one another and focused on their substantive differences.

During the debate, Trump was asked about an incident in which a supporter at a rally in Fayetteville, N.C., punched a protester.

“There is some anger. There’s also great love for the country. It’s a beautiful thing in many respects. But I certainly do not condone that at all,” Trump said.

Now, the outbreak of violence in Chicago had again drawn focus to Trump’s temperament and character, as well as whether he has played a role in inciting his supporters.

[After months of playing protesters to his advantage, Donald Trump is overpowered in Chicago]

For months, Trump has been able to control — and even employ as foils — the hundreds of protesters who show up to his rallies to oppose what they consider divisive and racist.

Trump often says that he loves having protesters at his rallies, that they make his rallies fun. Plus, the interruptions are an opportunity to show him bossing around and mocking liberals, often bellowing, “Get ’em out!”

In the past two weeks, however, these interruptions have increasingly eaten into Trump’s speaking time and become more violent. The Trump supporter who punched the protester in North Carolina was charged with assault.

Asked about the criticism from other Republican candidates following the Chicago cancellation, Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski mocked them: “Do they have protesters at their events? Do they have any people at their events?”

Lewandowski — who has been accused of and denies manhandling a female reporter at a Trump event — also said his candidate does not plan to do anything to calm his supporters.

“The American people are angry,” Lewandowski said. “They’re upset at the way this country has been run. They’re upset that this country is being taken advantage of by every other country in the world. And they’re tired of not being proud to be Americans.”

As for Trump, he insisted that his supporters had been blameless in Chicago. He accused backers of Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders, a Vermont senator and democratic socialist, of inciting the violence.

“My people are nice,” Trump said at his rally in Dayton. “Thousands and thousands of people, they caused no problem. They were taunted, they were harassed by these other people. These other people, by the way, some represent Bernie, our communist. . . . He should really get up and say to his people: ‘Stop. Stop.’ ”

Sanders retorted in a statement issued by his campaign: “As is the case virtually every day, Donald Trump is showing the American people that he is a pathological liar. Obviously, while I appreciate that we had supporters at Trump’s rally in Chicago, our campaign did not organize the protests.”

“What caused the protests at Trump’s rally is a candidate that has promoted hatred and division against Latinos, Muslims, women, and people with disabilities, and his birther attacks against the legitimacy of President Obama,” Sanders added, referring to Trump’s false assertions that Obama was born in Africa and was therefore disqualified to be president.

Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton also jumped into the fray.

“The ugly, divisive rhetoric we are hearing from Donald Trump and the encouragement of violence and aggression is wrong, and it’s dangerous,” she said at an appearance in St. Louis. “If you play with matches, you’re going to start a fire you can’t control.”

The decision to cancel the rally on Friday was made by the Trump campaign, not the agencies charged with keeping him safe.

Trump requested Secret Service protection in October and was granted a detail of agents in early November.

Government officials have said their role is only to protect Trump and that any decisions to throw out the hecklers and protesters at Trump rallies are made by the campaign or groups hosting the events. Secret Service agents intervene only, officials have said, if someone verbally or physically threatens the candidate.

After the man tried to breach the barricades around Trump on Saturday, he was charged with disorderly conduct and inciting panic by the Dayton police, according to an official familiar with the matter. Montgomery County Sheriff Phil Plummer identified the man as Thomas Dimassimo of Fairborn, Ohio, the Associated Press reported.

“I was ready for him, but it’s much easier if the cops do it, don’t we agree?” Trump said after the man was hauled away. “And to think I had such an easy life! What do I need this for, right?”

Tumulty reported from Washington. Johnson reported from Chicago and DelReal from Dayton. Also contributing to this story were Ed O’Keefe in Largo, Fla.; Abby Phillip in St. Louis; Philip Rucker in Cleveland; Jim Tankersley in Sharonville, Ohio; Juliet Eilperin and David Weigel in Washington; and Katie Zezima in Ballwin, Mo.",1
1808,Family history hounds Jeb Bush on campaign trail,"When Jeb Bush stepped up onto the fabled soapbox at the Iowa State Fair on Friday, fairgoers pelted him with questions about the legacy of his brother, a former president. And his father, another former president. And one of his foreign policy advisers, Paul D. Wolfowitz, the architect of his brother’s war in Iraq. And about the war itself.

Under a blazing sun, Bush expressed irritation with what he called “the parlor game” of focusing on Wolfowitz and other past Bush administration advisers who have resurfaced for this Bush campaign.

“If I’m president, we will have a strategy on Day One to take out this grave threat to our national security and to the world,” he said. “I promise you that.”

This was supposed to be the week when Bush would finally lay out his own thoughts on how to combat the Islamic State terror group and put Hillary Rodham Clinton on the defensive — and wrest himself from his family legacy in the process. But over several days, it has become evident that his ideas on the subject are remarkably similar to George W. Bush’s ideas and that he firmly believes that Democrats — not his brother — deserve the blame for the unrest in Iraq and neighboring Syria.

His new struggles with the issue also come as he is fading in polls and being drowned out by the angry outsiders dominating the race.

According to Bush this week, the removal of Saddam Hussein from power “turned out to be a pretty good deal.” The 2007 troop surge was “an extraordinarily effective” strategy. By the time his brother left office, he said, the “mission was accomplished” in Iraq because security had been restored.

Bush also said he won’t rule out waterboarding in the interrogation of terrorism suspects, although he added, “I do think in general that torture is not appropriate.”

Bush faults President Obama for his unwillingness to talk directly about “radical Islamic terrorists” and Clinton for visiting Iraq only once as secretary of state. He said it might be necessary to deploy more U.S. forces to both Iraq and Syria — and that troops already on the ground should be embedded more closely with local forces.

As for questions about advisers, Bush told fairgoers Friday that he has a young team working at his campaign headquarters in Miami. Shrugging, Bush said any veteran GOP foreign policy advisers “had to deal with two Republican administrations” run by his brother and father.

“I mean, this is kind of a tough game to be playing, to be honest with you,” he said. “I’m my own person.”

In an interview Friday, radio host Hugh Hewitt asked Bush whether it’s easier or harder for him to talk about national security given his last name. Bush shot back: “It doesn’t matter. I’m the first candidate to have a view on this with enough detail for people to see what the world would look like if I’m president.”

But Democrats are eager to exploit Bush’s remarks this week to remind voters of his family ties. During a town hall in Dubuque, Iowa, on Friday afternoon, Clinton took aim at Bush’s criticism of her, noting that his brother signed an agreement as president to withdraw combat troops from the country by 2011.

“I do think that it’s a little bit surprising to hear Jeb Bush talk about this,” she said. “He expects the American people to have a collective case of amnesia.”

Later in the town hall, Clinton sought to single out Jeb Bush’s comments on women’s issues but mistakenly referred to him as “George Bush.”

“I get confused,” she said, seeming to relish her error. “Oh, well.”

Most Americans still believe the Iraq war was a mistake and are opposed to new military engagement — making Jeb Bush’s approach to national security risky. But polling suggests that his positions are popular among most Republicans, especially if it means raising doubts about Clinton’s tenure as secretary of state.

“Jeb is going to talk about the threat of radical Islamic terrorism and how to defeat it,” said Tim Miller, Bush’s campaign communications director. “If the Democrats want to talk about the past, that’s their prerogative, but the American people are looking for someone who will address today’s growing terror threat, and they didn’t get it from Obama/Clinton.”

[The world according to Jeb Bush]

Among his GOP rivals, Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) has said that “it was a mistake to topple” Hussein, while New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie says it “makes no sense for us to be re-litigating yesterday.”

Businessman Donald Trump has it both ways, blaming George W. Bush for invading the country in the first place and Obama for pulling troops out in 2011. “The war should have never happened,” he told Fox News earlier this year. “Once it did happen, you should have left the troops in. It’s really a double fault.”

In Iowa — where Bush polled seventh in a CNN-ORC poll released this week — there are some Republicans who appreciate his approach and think his dynastic lineage is a positive attribute.

“He’s going to be our man because he’s presidential; he knows what’s going on,” said Belinda Schlueter, a 56-year-old homemaker. “He comes from a family that actually knows what the country’s all about and how the office runs. We need somebody there that knows what they’re doing.”

Bush launched his discussions of national security Tuesday in a speech at the Ronald Reagan Library in Simi Valley, Calif. He faulted Obama and Clinton for their “blind haste” to withdraw U.S. forces from Iraq, a “premature” decision and a “fatal error” that disrupted the fragile progress his brother helped forge in Iraq. He did not mention his brother’s role in starting the process for withdrawal.

While there are about 3,500 U.S. support troops in Iraq now, “more may well be needed,” Bush said. He endorsed deploying troops to work more closely with Iraqi forces, including as forward air spotters to help identify targets. “We do not need, and our friends do not ask for, a major commitment of American combat forces,” he said. “But we do need to convey that we are serious, that we are determined to help local forces take back their country.”

In Syria, he called for more active U.S. involvement in the brutal Syrian civil war — including a no-fly zone and the expansion of “safe zones” in the country.

On Thursday, at a national security forum in Davenport, Iowa, he said “Iraq was fragile but secure” when his brother left office in 2009. He added that the “mission was accomplished in the way that there was security there and it was because of the heroic efforts of the men and women in the United States military that it was so.”

That answer immediately prompted comparisons to George W. Bush’s 2003 “Mission Accomplished” speech on the deck of a Navy carrier that critics say prematurely declared the end of the Iraqi military campaign.

At the forum, Jeb Bush would not say for certain whether he would preserve the executive order Obama signed banning enhanced interrogation. Later Thursday, he told reporters that he would not rule out using waterboarding during interrogations of terrorism suspects.

Former House Intelligence Committee chairman Mike Rogers (R-Mich.), whose group hosted the forum, credited Bush with presenting “the most nuanced approach to a really hard problem.”

[Op-Ed: To defeat the Islamic State, the U.S. will have to go big]

Rogers, who is neutral in the GOP primary contests, said, “Campaigns now are [so] tapped in to 140 characters and Twitter, it’s very difficult to have a thoughtful conversation about national security.”

Peter Feaver, who advised George W. Bush on Iraq, applauded Bush for delivering “a detailed speech” and suggested he represented views “advocated by serious Democrats and Republicans.”

He pointed to a recent Washington Post op-ed co-written by Michèle Flournoy, Obama’s former undersecretary of defense for policy who has been touted as a possible defense secretary for Clinton. Writing with Richard Fontaine, a former foreign policy adviser to Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.), Flournoy advocated a series of proposals similar to what Bush called for: to provide more military aid to Sunni tribes and the Kurdish peshmerga in Iraq; to embed more Special Operations forces with Iraqi security forces; to deploy forward air controllers to identify targets; and to build a stronger global campaign against the Islamic State.

After parrying questions lobbed at him by Iowans, Bush donned a red apron and flipped pork chops with Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad (R). Carl Owens, a hog farmer, stood off to the side taking in the scene.

“I don’t know if he’s like his brother and dad or not,” said Owens, 59. “I wasn’t too happy with them. Mr. Bush, the last president, look at the mess he got the United States into over there where we shouldn’t have been. Kind of like the Vietnam War. We shouldn’t have been there.”

O’Keefe reported from Washington. Sean Sullivan in Iowa contributed to this report.",1
44,Donors to G.O.P. Candidates: You’re on Your Own,"The Republican presidential race has often resembled The Hunger Games, with a crowded field of bloodthirsty candidates kept alive by the grace of their patrons on the sidelines. The story has taken a darker turn in recent weeks, with panic creeping in as Donald Trump continues to step over the bodies of more electable candidates. But with no clear winner emerging from New Hampshire, Republican donors, who were once ready to coalesce around Marco Rubio, have pressed pause on their money to see if a candidate will walk out of South Carolina with enough strength left to take down Trump (and Ted Cruz, who follows in his wake).

While several donors indicated that they would stick with their preferred candidates for now, others—including donors for Chris Christie, who dropped out of the race earlier this week—have no idea if their investments will pan out, especially after what amounted to a three-way tie for third in New Hampshire. “The feeling after New Hampshire is that it couldn’t have gone better for Donald Trump and it’s not just the margin that he won by, it’s the finishing order,” one Republican leader who regularly speaks to donors told The Hill, adding that John Kasich, a candidate whom he viewed as unelectable, had only muddled things further by coming in second. (Kasich did get a big boost from former Christie mega-donor Ken Langone, who announced on Thursday that he would support the Ohio governor.)

That feeling is magnified among Bush donors, many of whom had hoped that he would have “died quietly in New Hampshire,” the same source told The Hill, but who feel pressured after his slim victory over Rubio to give more money. “I have not talked to a single Bush donor who was giddy about Tuesday night,” he added. Another source noted that their fund-raising outlook was so dismal that Bush’s campaign-finance chairman, Woody Johnson, had asked the finance committee to bring in just one $2,700 check—the maximum amount an individual can donate to a single candidate—per week for the next five weeks.

Despite the dual threat of Trump and Cruz, potential donors for Rubio, the onetime establishment golden child, are also sitting on the sidelines after a disastrous debate performance kicked the Florida senator to fifth place in New Hampshire. “The Rubio team didn’t understand the gravity of the punch he had taken and the need to correct course. That worries a lot of people,” the Republican leader added. “[Donors] are not abandoning [Rubio] but they need to see him steady things this week.”

Nevertheless, even as the three establishment candidates attempt to devour each other in South Carolina, 85 percent of the donor class and the insiders polled by the Politico Caucus remain confident that Trump will never get the nomination, pointing to their collective firepower (were they ever to join forces) and the fact that his popularity appears limited to roughly one-third of the population. “That means two-thirds of the vote is ‘not Trump,’” a South Carolina Republican told Politico, insisting that the math shook out. “If he has a ceiling, then as others drop out, Cruz or one of the establishment candidates can pass him. We are down to six in South Carolina—let’s see if he grows this time.”

But Sam Wang, head of the Princeton Election Consortium, ran a more statistical analysis, and concluded that the math was not as simple as the insiders’ poll suggests. “With the Republican field so divided after New Hampshire, the path for anyone other than Trump requires nearly all candidates to drop out,” he said. “However, after getting 3-4 convention delegates each on Tuesday, Cruz, John Kasich, Jeb Bush, and Marco Rubio all have reasons to stay in. Under these conditions, Trump wins.”

Trump's path to victory, Wang suggests, would be a delegates game: though he has only one-third of the vote on average, that still gives him 50 percent of delegates through Super Tuesday. According to his calculations, two candidates must drop out before Super Tuesday, and one alternative must emerge by March 14, after several more rounds of primaries, for a “not-Trump” victory to be possible, meaning that the Republican establishment and donor class cannot afford to wait for their preferred candidates to emerge to face off against Trump and Cruz. “Ballpark, I would guess that if Trump has a majority of delegates by March 1st and he still has two opponents afterward, his probability of securing the nomination will be about 80%,” he wrote, adding: “However, this is now my intuition talking.”",1
2531,Allowing Refugees in US an Open Door to Terror?,"The European country working hardest to solve the Mideast migrant crisis is now stepping back. Germany has been receiving up to 10,000 migrants per day, but that can't go on for long.

Meanwhile, some lawmakers in the United States warn President Barack Obama's recent decision to receive more refugees could lead to another major terror attack.

One of the top destinations for Syrian refugees, Germany originally opened its doors to the migrants fleeing from their countries.

Now, it's implementing temporary border controls, with many calling it a strong message to the rest of the European Union to step up and start shouldering some of the burden.

""There's a need for shelters and care and I hope it will start during the next days. Munich can do a lot but we can't accomplish it all by ourselves,"" Dieter Reiter, the mayor of Munich, said.

Stephan Bauman, the head of World Relief, an evangelical non-profit that cares for refugees and immigrants, is calling on the U.S. government to allow 200,000 refugees into the country. Bauman is also calling on every U.S. church congregation to adopt a refugee family. Watch his interview with CBN News.

German Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere said that according to EU rules, his country isn't technically responsible for the migrants.

They're supposed to be registered and processed in the first EU country they arrive in. De Maiziere's urging other countries to apply those rules and stop allowing the people seeking protection to choose the country they get it from.

Many migrants have refused to register in countries like Greece or Hungary because they're afraid it would keep them from being granted asylum in other EU states.

Germany suspended train services to and from Austria for 13 hours and is now imposing strict document checks for people entering the country.

Officials say such measures are necessary for Germany to limit the number of people coming in and reinstate a more orderly entry process.

Meanwhile, some American lawmakers are voicing concern that President Obama's decision to allow 10,000 refugees to be brought to the United States will put the country in danger.

""I take ISIS at its word when they said, in their words, 'We'll use and exploit the refugee crisis to infiltrate the West.' That concerns me,"" House Homeland Security Committee Chairman Mike McCaul, R-Texas, told ABC's ""This Week.""

McCaul said that while the United States is a compassionate nation, this move by the president could be a very ""reckless and dangerous policy.""

He also said the United States has already disrupted a security threat to Pope Francis's upcoming visit to Washington.

Over the weekend, al Qeada's leader called on young Muslim men to carry out lone wolf attacks in America and other Western countries.",1
3775,"Holder: Ferguson shooter 'disgusting,' 'punk'","FERGUSON, Mo. -- Less than 24 hours after two officers were hit by gunfire, a quieter protest took place outside police headquarters Thursday night, with no problems or arrests in this city torn by racial unrest. Missouri highway patrol and St. Louis County police took over security for the evening.

As the clock approached midnight, organizers dismissed the people who had gathered.

Earlier on Thursday, U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder sharply condemned the shootings of police Wednesday night as a ""disgusting and cowardly attack.""

""What happened last night was a pure ambush,"" Holder said. ""This was not someone trying to bring healing to Ferguson. This was a damn punk, a punk, who was trying to sow discord.""

President Obama, in an appearance on the Jimmy Kimmel Live TV show Thursday night, said, ""We don't yet know what happened"" in the shooting but offered his prayers to the wounded officers and their families.

""There's no excuse for criminal acts,'' the president said. ""They're criminals. They need to be arrested. And then what we need to do is make sure that like-minded, good-spirited people on both sides, law-enforcement who have a terrifically tough job and people who understand they don't want to be stopped and harassed because of their race, that we're able to work together to try and come up with some good answers.""

Mayor John Knowles was notified that the highway patrol and county would take over the security duties from the Ferguson police department ""until further notice,"" the county police department said in a statement.

Sgt. Brian Schellman, a spokesman for the St. Louis County police, said investigators interviewed several people regarding the shooting but made no arrests.

Just after 8 p.m., clergy gathered blocks from the Ferguson Police Department for a candlelight vigil. They prayed for the safety of the demonstrators and for the health of the two wounded police officers.

Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon was in St. Louis County to be briefed by local officials. He said the highway patrol and county police will be sending additional officers in anticipation of more protests Thursday night.

""I ask Missourians to join me in calling for calm in the wake of the cowardly and reprehensible ambush of two police officers who were acting to protect the public,"" Nixon said. ""I also thank all the brave law enforcement officers who selflessly risk their lives each day to keep communities safe.""

Routine police service remains in the hands of the embattled Ferguson police department, whose chief resigned in the wake of scathing criticism of the force by the Justice Department for racially biased policing.

St. Louis County police chief Jon Belmar had called for a ""measured response"" to the shooting of the two officers around midnight Wednesday, but reserved the right to beef up security as warranted.

The two officers ""took a very hard hit"" and were seriously injured, but will not sustain long-term injuries, he said. They were released from the hospital Thursday morning.

""We were lucky by God's grace that we didn't lose two officers last night,"" Belmar told reporters. ""We could have buried two police officers over this. ... It's a miracle we haven't had any instances similar to this in the summer and fall.""

Police recovered shell casings at the scene and fanned out across the city looking for the shooter.

A St. Louis County SWAT team stormed a home about four blocks from the police station Thursday morning, clambering on top off the roof, KSDK-TV reported.

Neighbors said three people were taken from the home in handcuffs. Police said they were taken in for questioning, but there were no immediate arrests.

The shootings occurred as demonstrators were winding up a protest following the resignation of the city's police chief in the wake of a scathing Justice Department report alleging bias in the police department and court.

""This is really an ambush,"" he said. ""You can't see it coming. You don't understand that it's going to happen and you're basically defenseless from the fact that it is happening to you at the time. ""

Belmar said one of the officers, a 32-year-old, seven-year veteran from nearby Webster Groves, was shot below his right eye. The bullet lodged near his right ear, he said.

The second officer, a 41-year-old with 14 years on the St. Louis County force, was hit in the shoulder by a bullet that came out his back.

At the time of the shooting, Belmar said, the number of demonstrators had dwindled from around 150 to about 75 and the number of police at the scene had dropped to about 40.

He said the two wounded officers were standing in a line of 20 to 25 other officers when three or four shots were fired from about 125 feet away.

""I feel very confident that whoever did this was there for the wrong reason, not the right reason, and came there for whatever nefarious reason it was,"" Belmar said in a news conference. ""But I do feel like there was an unfortunate association with that gathering.""

Jeff Roorda, who heads the St. Louis Police Officers Association, said the shooting sent a chill through the law enforcement community.

He called on state and county officials to restrict protests to daytime hours.

""This is a very volatile situation,"" Roorda said. ""You have outside agitators racing to be here. This isn't safe for police, community or peaceful protesters.""

Roorda said he's spoken to the police officer who was shot in the shoulder and that he was doing remarkably well considering the circumstances.

Police officers at the scene last night said were jolted by the timing of the incident. The protests were breaking up and only a few dozen demonstrators were left when the shots were fired.

""There's been a recurring phenomenon throughout the protests where you see the flash-points, the bad things coming ,"" he said. ""But last night, as it was described to me by many of the cops that were here here, it wasn't that way. The crowd was just mulling around. A lot of the protesters were starting to disperse. No one saw it coming.""

The shootings came hours after Ferguson officials announced that Police Chief Thomas Jackson, who will step down March 19.

Jackson, 57, became the third top city official to leave following the release of the Justice Department report. Judge Ronald Brockmeyer and City Manager John Shaw resigned earlier this week.

Lt. Col. Al Eickhoff is serving as acting chief until the city completes a nationwide search for a new police chief, the city said in a news release. Jackson will receive a severance payment of approximately $100,000 and health insurance for one year.

Belmar said he has called for a ""measured response"" to the shootings, but reserved the right to call upon the highway patrol for additional help if necessary.

He said police are planning to assess their security plans outside the Ferguson Police Department and talk to protesters and community leaders about how to move forward.

When asked about security in the area moving forward, Belmar said it is very difficult to sustain this kind of situation without injuries to the public or police officers.

""I think we need to re-evaluate that, and that's one of the things I've been doing since my phone rang at midnight tonight,"" said Belmar. ""We're going to be looking for different ways to approach this. Obviously my first priority is to the community, but that's followed very very closely to my police officers and making sure that they're able to do what they're supposed to do out there in a safe manner.""

Earlier in the day, Obama condemned the shootings, saying in a tweet that ""violence against police is unacceptable."" ""Our prayers are with the officers in MO,"" he wrote. ""Path to justice is one all of us must travel together.""

St. Louis County Executive Steve Stenger said doesn't believe the shooting will set back any gains made in the city.

""I don't consider this incident a setback toward healing,"" he said. ""I don't believe it's going to affect any healing process that is going on in the community. I think the community at large is fully supportive of these police officers and probably wishes the very best for them.""

Knowles and the Ferguson City Council released a statement thanking law enforcement agencies that have helped the city in the past seven months and reaching out the community.

""While we respect the right to peacefully protest, we cannot continue to move forward under threats of violence and destruction to our community,"" the statement said. ""We ask our residents and clergy in this area to partner with us as we make our way through this process.""

The shootings came as a shock to the crowds gathered outside the police department. DeRay McKesson, 29, one of the most visible protesters in Ferguson, was sitting in his car and about to tweet that the crowd was thinning out when he heard about four gunshots to his right.

""It was like pow, pow, pow, pow — like four consistent shots,"" he said. ""I was looking straight up at the police department and I see an officer fall and I see officers surround him.""

McKesson said protesters, who had been gathered at the police department since 8 p.m. Wednesday, hit the ground as soon as the shots rang out and scattered trying to get to safety amid the chaos.

""Every single gun any officer had was drawn and they were all behind something,"" he said, adding that officers ran and ducked behind cars and the department building.

St. Louis County Alderman posted a Vine showing people crawling on the ground after police reacted to the gunshots.

Heather De Mian, 44, of St. Charles, Mo., was live streaming the scene outside of the police department when the shots rang out.

""Those gunshots went right past my head,"" said De Mian, who is in a wheelchair and tried to duck down. ""I tried to go down low so my head wasn't sticking out.""

She said soon after the shots a swarm of St. Louis County Police crime scene cars showed up and later, a group of officers marched up the hill on a side street in the direction of where the sound of gunshots had come from.

Meanwhile, De Mian is adamant that the shooters were not with demonstrators.

""The shots came from a block away from the protests,"" she said. ""It's incredibly dangerous to try to link the protesters to this without evidence. It could be someone trying to frame the protesters or someone who was aiming at the protesters and was a bad shot. Whoever shot put everyone's life in danger.""

An Aug. 9 shooting of unarmed African-American teen Michael Brown by white Ferguson police officer Darren Wilson set off weeks of unrest and violence in the St. Louis suburb.

Brown's family issued a statement Thursday condemning the police shootings. ""We reject any kind of violence directed toward members of law enforcement,"" the statement said. They also denounced the actions of ""stand-alone agitators"" who might try to derail the a peaceful movement addressed at police brutalit

Wilson was not charged in Brown's killing and the Justice Department found no reason to bring civil rights charges against him.",1
3613,‘Are We Next?’,"When the news broke that our French colleagues had been killed, a deep feeling of pain overwhelmed my newsroom—and an immediate feeling of fear. All of a sudden it seemed possible that we might be next, that something might happen to us here in the heart of Berlin, only a hundred yards or so away from Checkpoint Charlie.

If there is any paper in Europe that comes close to Charlie Hebdo, it is the one that I run , die tageszeitung, which means simply ""The Daily,"" or taz for short. Both papers are an outcome of the student revolution founded in the spirit of the “68 Generation.” In my country it was clearly a reaction to Germany's authoritarian leaders, some of whom were holdovers and ex-Nazis from the past.

Like Charlie Hebdo, taz often uses satire to challenge the so-called mainstream. We, too, have run satirical images of the Prophet Muhammad. We decided to republish Charle Hebdo’s first post-massacre cover on Wednesday not only to express our solidarity but also as a proof that terrorists won't stop us from printing whatever we want to say—about Islam or any religion.

After the massacre in Paris last week, it didn’t take long before a police car was parked in front of our building. Since the morning of January 8 heavily armed police have stood in front of the entrance, their machine guns at the ready. The alert has risen since the attack on a German paper in Hamburg in the early Sunday morning hours where, fortunately, nobody was hurt.

There are some picture posts on Facebook making fun of this scene at taz, which itself sounds like a satire since we are known as some of the loudest critics of the police in Germany, and many of our editorials have urged police not to wear weapons in public.

And yet here we are ...

Do not misunderstand me: We are grateful for the help. Instead of throwing stones at the police—as the founding generation of this paper might have done—we offer hot tea and coffee in the icy winds of Germany's capital as a little gesture of thankfulness.

Still, passing this bristling display of weapons every time we enter our building does not give us a feeling of being well-protected. For the past week I have seen my colleagues constantly gathering together and asking each other questions like: “How do you feel? Do we have to worry? Are you also afraid?”

In every meeting we discuss what this fear does to us and if it influences our way of reporting or our editorial board.

Is the freedom of speech already hurt by the strongest weapon terrorists have: The weapon of fear? So far we resist. But the coming days and months will answer that question.

This terror act in France hits Europe in a crucial time. We are experiencing a huge shift in the political landscape that endangers the whole order of the last two decades. We see a strong increase of the right in many European countries, in France, but also in Great Britain and Italy. And even in Germany, which is doing financially so well, we have the new party Alternative für Deutschland, or AfD, with its very strong anti-European attitude.

All those parties have one political approach in common: They not only use the real problems of unemployment and poverty for their political goals, but they are the masters at blaming the European Union, with its open markets and borders, for everything bad that is happening. Their goal is to re-nationalize their countries at the cost of the EU, to strengthen the power of their own countries and parliaments, and to fight the liberalization of their societies. Many of them have strong resentments against gay people and are deeply racist. They dream of the old order, when white male Christians from the upper class ruled their countries.

The wall fell 25 years ago. And that means that there are many people old enough to vote who never experienced the Cold War, who never lived in a divided Europe and therefore easily forget the beauty of our Union.

That makes it easier for some right-wing politicians to exploit these acts of terrorism for their goals. The blood in Paris wasn´t even dry when the first German politician, Alexander Gauland, one of the top candidates from the Alternative für Deutschland party, claimed this killing as a proof that Germany has the right to fear the influence of Muslim culture and that Germans have the right, and the obligation, to defend their Christian heritage.

Whether they are Germans, French or Brits, Europe is afraid of more terror from Islamic terrorists. But the answer cannot be to add fuel to the so-called clash of civilizations.

The answer only can be to analyze the reasons and march toward solutions. The Paris terrorists were French. They were born in France, went to French schools. Europe has to learn that Muslims are not foreigners, not outsiders. That they are as French and German and British as Christians, Jews or atheists are.

The European Union, the house of one unified continent, is the main reason we have been living in peace for nearly 70 years. Our Union was the only possible way to heal the wounds of World War II and to build trust in each other. We must understand this and urgently fight together to overcome the big challenges of these days—especially the rise of violence perpetrated by terrorists and autocratic states like Russia closer to home.

Next week the CIA torture reports will be printed in German. This report is the proof of how a country can be misled when it becomes ruled by fear. We, as European journalists, must beat back this fear and stand up for our free democracies, for taz, and for the policemen outside our doors keeping us safe, for the freedom to choose your own religion, and for our Union here in Europe.",1
2286,Gay Rights Will Continue to Divide Republicans: Albert R. Hunt,"Gay rights won't fade as a political issue. The Republican base won’t let it.

Prominent Republicans calculated that if the Supreme Court ruled that same-sex marriage was constitutionally protected, the issue would become settled law and disappear politically. This would be welcome, they reasoned, as the party was on the wrong side of the politics and history.

Then Indiana enacted a Religious Freedom Restoration Act last month that critics said would allow private enterprises to discriminate against gays and lesbians. Arkansas followed with a similar measure.

After vehement opposition from businesses in both states, Republican governors forced modifications that make it more difficult to discriminate on the basis of sexual orientation.

But a leading indicator was the reaction of Republican presidential candidates: They leapt to defend the initial Indiana law. Jeb Bush expressed all-out support in an interview on a conservative radio talk show and then modified his position at a Silicon Valley fundraiser.

Social conservatives are determined to keep this issue alive, reasoning that the environment that produced changes in the laws last week will become more favorable after they have had time to stir up the grassroots. That will pose problems for Republicans in a general election; the politics have changed dramatically compared with a decade ago, when Republican political guru Karl Rove used the issue against Democrats.

Crucial elements of the Republican base haven't changed. Most, not all, evangelical/born-again white Christians are troubled by gay rights. This group accounts for more than 40 percent of the Republicans nationally and for more than 50 percent of the vote in the important early Iowa and South Carolina Republican presidential tests. That guarantees Ted Cruz and Mike Huckabee will make these issues uncomfortable for Jeb Bush and Scott Walker.

Nineteen states have religious freedom laws, and some go beyond the 1993 federal law. Four -- Connecticut, Illinois, New Mexico and Rhode Island -- have measures that include a ban on discrimination based on sexual orientation.

But Indiana postponed the matter of prohibiting anti-gay discrimination. In Georgia recently, as the legislature drafted a measure supported by religious conservatives, a Republican tried to amend it to clarify that it wouldn’t permit discrimination against gays and lesbians; the bill’s sponsor suggested that would defeat the law's purpose.

The politically powerful religious or conservative right can be expected to set litmus tests for Republican presidential candidates: opposing new anti-discrimination measures designed to protect gays and lesbians and guarding against what they warn is a slippery slope on matters including adoptions by same-sex couples.

Many of these social activists sincerely worry that it's white people of religion who face discrimination; some believe that same-sex marriage, gay rights in general, violate the law of God.

There are parallels to race. Religion was often cited as a rationale for segregation; if God intended whites and blacks to be together, why did he create different races, fundamentalists would ask. There were similar issues with discrimination in public accommodations and housing. It wasn’t until 1967 that the Supreme Court gave constitutional protection to interracial marriage.

Today, these issues create a genuine schism among Republican constituencies, with much of the business community showing support for gay rights. These aren't just West Coast or high-tech firms, but companies based in Middle America, such as Eli Lilly and Wal-Mart.

The religious right sees this as a battle between economics and morality. Politically, however, the most telling reaction to the Indiana law was that of well-known athletes usually not considered part of any left-wing crusade. The basketball great Charles Barkley suggested the collegiate basketball tournament shouldn't be held in Indiana, and Pat Haden, former all-star quarterback and now athletic director at the University of Southern California, boycotted an athletic event in the Hoosier state.",1
3619,Jake Tapper: Where were U.S. leaders in Paris march?,"""Thank you,"" said the man. I was standing outside of the offices of Charlie Hebdo covering the aftermath of the terrorist attacks for CNN. He was thanking me just for being here, just for covering the event and its aftermath, what Le Monde referred to as France's September 11. And his appreciation was echoed by French citizen after French citizen.

The rally Sunday for unity drew 1.5 million people in Paris and more than twice that nationwide; it was like nothing I've ever seen or covered. Our nation's oldest ally stood firm. A young Muslim Frenchwoman held a sign saying ""Je suis Juif.""

A man and his son came over to me holding a sign saying ""I disapprove of what you say but I will defend to the death your right to say it,"" beseeching me to share their message with the American people. And world leaders were standing together amidst a procession that included Francois Hollande of France, Angela Merkel of Germany, David Cameron of Great Britain, Mahmoud Abbas of the Palestinian Authority and Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel, along with the leaders of Mali, Jordan and Turkey.

It is no small thing for the king of Jordan, a direct descendent of the Prophet Mohammed, to march in a rally prompted by the murders of people who mocked Islam as well as of innocent Jews -- all of whom were killed by Islamic extremists.

The United States, which considers itself to be the most important nation in the world, was not represented in this march -- arguably one of the most important public demonstrations in Europe in the last generation -- except by U.S. Ambassador Jane Hartley, who may have been a few rows back. I didn't see her. Even Russia sent Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov.

I say this as an American -- not as a journalist, not as a representative of CNN -- but as an American: I was ashamed. I certainly understand the security concerns when it comes to sending President Barack Obama, though I can't imagine they're necessarily any greater than sending the lineup of other world leaders, especially in aggregate. But I find it hard to believe that collectively President Obama, Vice President Joe Biden, Secretary of State John Kerry, Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel, Treasury Secretary Jack Lew and Attorney General Eric Holder -- who was actually in France that day for a conference on counterterrorism -- just had no time in their schedules on Sunday. Holder had time to do the Sunday shows via satellite but not to show the world that he stood with the people of France? There was higher-level Obama administration representation on this season's episodes of ""The Good Wife"" on CBS. I get that the President visited the French Embassy in Washington and that Secretary of State John Kerry spoke in French, and I certainly understand that the American commitment to security in Europe rivals no other. But with all due respect, those are politicians spending money that they didn't earn and sending troops whom they don't know. And this is not just a matter of the current occupant of the White House. I find it hard to believe that Speaker of the House John Boehner and new Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell had more worthy pursuits on Sunday than standing side-by-side with our French brothers and sisters as they came together in an inspirational way. After September 11, the first world leader to visit the United States was France's Jacques Chirac, though the most forceful conversation about France in Congress that I can recall came a few years later during debate over whether to invade Iraq and revolved around renaming pommes frites in the U.S. House cafeteria. And I'm frankly floored that not one of the people who is contemplating running for president in 2016 has yet to even tweet on the subject of the momentous demonstration in Paris, much less attend France's biggest rally in the history of the republic. I imagine that Hillary Clinton and her husband are kicking themselves for not hopping on a corporate jet to get here. Can you picture Hillary and Bill walking in the front row, arm-in-arm with Netanyahu and Hollande? Chris Christie, Scott Walker and Paul Ryan attended the Green Bay-Dallas football game Sunday and at least one of them sent his potential rivals mischievous tweets as if they were contemplating running for president of Beta Theta Pi. Why? I hope it's not American arrogance, a belief that everyone should express shock when something bad happens to us but that our presence at an international rally is worth less than a ticket to the Green Bay game when the victims speak in accents we don't understand. I suppose there's always the risk that coming to an event like this as an American leader and getting stuck in the third row could be embarrassing or could lead to accusations that you're trying to capitalize on a tragedy. But that's not how it would have been interpreted in France. People here are happy that Americans care. They're eager and appreciative of any evidence of that. And I know it exists -- although American Twitter seemed much more focused on the Golden Globes than anything else Sunday night. I only wish our leaders had done a better job of showing solidarity with the passion for the freedoms exemplified by the rally.",1
4792,Report: Trump Used Foundation Money to Launch Presidential Campaign,"Donald Trump appeared to use his foundation to launch his presidential campaign ambitions, according to filings analyzed by RealClearPolitics.

From 2011 to 2014, Trump sent at least $286,000 to conservative or policy groups. The contributions corresponded to speaking engagements and endorsements as Trump cast himself as a potential presidential candidate, according to the analysis. If the contributions were solely to benefit Trump, they could be in violation of IRS laws that prohibit private foundations from self-dealing.

One source with Trump ties told RealClearPolitics, ""He was politically active starting in 2011,"" and started to make ""strategic donations"" then. Most of the donations came from Trump personally to campaigns and political parties. Donations sent to nonprofit arms of conservative policy groups were sent through Trump's foundation. ""If he could do 501(c)(3) to 501(c)(3), he did it that way,"" the source said, referring to the tax code designation for nonprofit organizations.

RealClearPolitics' analysis found that in 2013, Trump's foundation donated to The Family Leader, 501(c) 4 established to ""develop, advocate, and support legislative agenda at the state level."" Organizations with 501(c ) 4 designation can engage in limited political activity. Trump's filing was not properly noted, if it was sent as a donation to the group's nonprofit or to the organization.

""Improper reporting is still a violation of tax law,"" charity law specialist Rosemary Fei told RealClearPolitics.

The report pointed to other examples that appear to show Trump using his foundation to curry political favor, such as Trump's foundation donating $100,000 to the Citizens United Foundation ahead of a ""cattle call"" of possible Republican presidential candidates sponsored by the group, which Trump attended.

In 2013, Trump's foundation donated $50,000 to the American Conservative Union Foundation. One source said, ""Everyone's too smart to say, 'Donate and we'll let you speak.' It was kind of understood.""

Trump spoke at the Economic Club in Washington, D.C. Dec. 15, 2015, and his foundation sent a check to that group for $6,000 that appeared on its 2014 filing.

""If what he talked about was promoting his candidacy or fundraising for his campaign, it is not only self-dealing, but potentially involves the foundation in making a grant to support political activity. That's prohibited,"" Fei said.

Voters appear concerned about the Trump Foundation, according to a Morning Consult poll.

By comparison, Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton's Clinton Foundation has more support.

Voters in the poll believe the Trump Foundation's purpose is:

The poll was taken before New York's attorney general ordered the Trump Foundation to stop soliciting in the state.",1
2472,"Republicans start small on ObamaCare, cross fingers for court intervention","Republican leaders have yet to spell out their strategy for tackling ObamaCare now that they control Congress, and so far have pursued a piecemeal approach -- but are crossing their fingers that a looming Supreme Court case will give them an opening to unravel the law.

GOP leaders huddled this week at a retreat in Hershey, Pa., where the Affordable Care Act was a chief topic.

Wisconsin Rep. Paul Ryan, chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee, on Thursday called ObamaCare a ""terrible law"" that needs to be replaced because it's ""beyond repair.""

But Ryan also said he did not have a ""timeline"" for doing so.

Leaders still say they want to repeal the law. But while the 114th Congress kicked off with major statements on energy and immigration -- the House voted recently to approve the Keystone XL pipeline and reverse President Obama's immigration actions -- proposals pertaining to ObamaCare have been far more modest.

Last week, the House passed a bill that would define a full-time worker under the health law as working 40 hours per week. The law currently uses a lower threshold -- part of a formula that determines which businesses have to provide health insurance to workers. Lawmakers are concerned the provision is leading businesses to cut back hours to skirt the mandate.

And legislation has been proposed in both chambers to repeal the law's 2.3 percent tax on medical devices such as X-ray equipment and artificial joints. The Senate version has bipartisan support and could get a vote in the coming weeks.

Critics of the law say the two provisions hurt the economy and job growth, though President Obama would likely veto both.

Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., is also trying again to pass a bill that would allow Americans to opt out of the law's individual requirement to buy insurance -- a more sweeping measure.

Republicans still want to do more. Ryan said Thursday that ObamaCare would be replaced with something that gives Americans more choices and lowers costs, improves their access to care and is ""truly patient centered"" -- an apparent reference to GOP planning for the wild card in all this, the Supreme Court case.

The case, called King v. Burwell, could impact the legality of billions of dollars' worth of subsidies through the law. And Republicans want to be ready with a plan if the ruling goes against the administration.

Plaintiffs argue the law doesn't allow the federal government to offer subsidies to customers in states that don't operate their own insurance exchanges.

The White House has downplayed the case, saying such lawsuits ""won't stand in the way of the Affordable Care Act and the millions of Americans who can now afford health insurance because of it."" The White House argues the subsidies are being directed in accordance with the ""intent of the law.""

Earlier Thursday, a Republican aide who attended a session on ObamaCare said the discussions centered on the best strategy in the context of that high court case. The aide said Ryan told fellow lawmakers they must move quickly to show the country that Republicans have a patient-focused response to the case.

Opening arguments are scheduled to start in March with a decision expected in June. A victory for the plaintiffs could have a huge impact on the law, sending enrollment plummeting.

Ryan also updated fellow lawmakers about upcoming ObamaCare deadlines and gave them an overview of the law since it took effect in January 2014 -- including updates on subsidies, exchange programs and cuts to Medicare and Medicaid.

Later Thursday, House Speaker John Boehner emerged from the close-door meetings at the retreat to echo Ryan's remarks.

""Our challenge, our opportunity is to pass common-sense solutions ... that repeal ObamaCare and replace it with patient-centered reforms that will help our constituents have better access to high-quality health care in America,"" he said at a joint press conference with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell.

Earlier this year, McConnell made clear that Congress will vote on either repealing or ""taking out pieces"" of ObamaCare, but he and fellow senators had little to say at the retreat about a unified strategy.

To be sure, the GOP Senate caucus' most conservative members will be pushing for full repeal.

Texas Sen. Ted Cruz, a potential White House candidate, said on Monday that Republicans will get ""walloped"" in the 2016 elections if they ignore voter mandates after midterms that gave them Senate control, which includes the push to repeal ObamaCare.

At least one Republican senator, Bill Cassidy of Louisiana, has proposed legislation to repeal the law.

And this week, the influential conservative group Club for Growth sent a letter to McConnell and Boehner urging them to ""continue to be diligent"" in their repeal efforts.",1
1591,Trump relents after withholding medical records,"Killing Obama administration rules, dismantling Obamacare and pushing through tax reform are on the early to-do list.",1
699,We can't reward Hillary Clinton with the White House for breaking all the rules,"“Rules are made to be broken” is a saying that has many variations, but perhaps no one has summed up Hillary Clinton’s attitude (and Bill’s, too) about rules more than the late science-fiction writer, Robert A. Heinlein, who said: “I am free, no matter what rules surround me. If I find them tolerable, I tolerate them; if I find them too obnoxious, I break them. I am free because I know that I alone am morally responsible for everything I do.”

In its report on how Hillary Clinton handled her “private” emails while serving as secretary of state, the State Department’s inspector general (IG) has found that Hillary Clinton disregarded cyber security guidelines when she used a private computer server. She continues to deny she did anything wrong and falsely claims she turned over “all” of her emails to the State Department after she left office. In fact, she, or members of her team, deleted about 30,000 of them before an investigation of her practices began.

The IG’s report chides her, saying she should have “preserved any federal records she created and received on her personal account by printing and filing those records with the related files in the Office of the Secretary. At a minimum, Secretary Clinton should have surrendered all emails dealing with Department business before leaving government service and, because she did not do so, she did not comply with the Department’s policies that were implemented in accordance with the Federal Records Act.”

There are federal penalties for tampering with a smoke detector on an airplane and disobeying flight attendants that can include fines and even jail time. Isn’t what Hillary Clinton did far worse than that, if she potentially compromised U.S. secrets?

The IG also says she stonewalled requests by the government for access to her server, which was in her Chappaqua, N.Y., home, with another discovered at an unsecured location in a Denver bathroom closet. Marcel Lazar, the Romanian computer hacker calling himself “Guccifer,” claims to have hacked into Clinton’s servers. He pled guilty to the charge before a Virginia judge this week. Might there also be Chinese and Russian hackers out there who’ve also had a look at Clinton’s emails?

Hillary Clinton has claimed she only used private email for her daughter’s wedding and yoga classes. Who believes that, other than her partisan supporters and uninformed voters? High-ranking government officials are aware of the regulations governing their tenure while in office and their responsibilities for the handling of records once they leave it. Will Hillary Clinton’s failure to comply with the State Department’s policies on records necessarily lead to an indictment? That is what an FBI investigation is attempting to determine.

Hillary Clinton has invoked the “everybody has done it” defense, but again that’s not true. She often cites former Secretary of State Colin Powell, who also used a private email server, but as a Wall Street Journal editorial notes, Mr. Powell’s use of private email was limited, and he never set up an unsecure server in his home, not to mention a Denver bathroom.

Something else from the IG’s report that firmly rebuts Hillary Clinton’s defense: “Notification is required when a user suspects compromise of, among other things, a personally owned device containing personally identifiable information.” But the IG found “no evidence” that she or her aides complied.

For years the Clintons have skirted laws and practiced disinformation, rhetorical gymnastics (“It depends on what the meaning of the word ‘is’ is.”) obfuscation, changing the subject, non sequiturs and anything else that might block their enrichment or achievement of political goals.

This time, Hillary Clinton should not be allowed to get away with it, nor should she have her incidents of malfeasance rewarded by being elected president of the United States.



Cal Thomas is America's most widely syndicated op-ed columnist. He joined Fox News Channel in 1997 as a political contributor. His latest book is ""What Works: Common Sense Solutions for a Stronger America"" is available in bookstores now. Readers may email Cal Thomas at tcaeditors@tribune.com.",1
5072,Hillary accepts the nomination: A bold speech for a singular moment in American history,"What an amazing and weird moment in political history we’re living through. We all saw something on Thursday night that, in over 200 years of American existence, no one had ever seen before: a woman accept a major-party nomination for the presidency. That’s an incredible achievement, attained by the nominee through years of struggle, setbacks, and steady forward motion. The magnitude of Hillary Clinton’s accomplishment guarantees her a spot in the history books, and those of us who witnessed her make that history won’t soon forget the impression it left.

The weird counterpoint to the Democrats’ elevation of a candidate who represents continued social progress is, of course, the Republicans’ nomination of Donald Trump. The Democratic convention was intended to serve both as a response to the fear and disunity offered by Trumpism, and a push to steal from the Republicans all the themes and campaign messages Trumpism eschews: optimism, patriotism, and a sense of shared purpose. Clinton’s speech accepting the Democratic Party’s nomination was the capstone of that effort, serving as a call to unity, offering an outstretched hand to those alienated by Trump, and sketching out an optimistic vision of America’s future.

Hillary’s provocations of Trump were relentless. She said he “wants to divide us from the rest of the world and from each other.” She quipped that “he’s taken the Republican Party a long way: from ‘Morning in America’ to ‘Midnight in America.’” Trump’s megalomaniacal declaration that “I alone can fix it” was slung around his neck as Clinton framed it as fundamentally alien to the American tradition. “He’s forgetting every last one of us,” she said. “Americans don’t say: ‘I alone can fix it.’ We say: ‘We’ll fix it together.’” In tackling Trump’s fitness for the office, Clinton made enthusiastic use of The Zinger. “Imagine him in the Oval Office facing a real crisis,” she said. “A man you can bait with a tweet is not a man we can trust with nuclear weapons.” The obvious intent behind all this was to goad Trump into responding and validating the attack. (His surrogates tried responding to the speech in real time, and they faceplanted in characteristic fashion.)

The Trump flensing also provided the necessary contrast for Hillary to sketch out her bright-and-happy vision for the country. After ticking off a laundry list of intractable problems – rising inequality, decreased social mobility, stagnant wages, and persistent gridlock – Hillary went long on optimism:

But just look at the strengths we bring to meet these challenges. We have the most dynamic and diverse people in the world. We have the most tolerant and generous young people we’ve ever had. We have the most powerful military. The most innovative entrepreneurs. The most enduring values. Freedom and equality, justice and opportunity. We should be so proud that these words are associated with us. That when people hear them, they hear America. So don’t let anyone tell you that our country is weak. We’re not. Don’t let anyone tell you we don’t have what it takes. We do. No one heard anything like that at the Republican convention, and voters didn’t hear much in the way of sustained optimism from any Republican candidate this cycle. So Hillary grabbed that ball and ran with it, making a direct appeal to voters who’ve been left cold by the GOP’s embrace of Trump: “Whatever party you belong to, or if you belong to no party at all, if you share these beliefs, this is your campaign.” It was a bold move on Clinton’s part, not least because there are a lot of voters who don’t feel especially optimistic right at this moment for all the reasons Hillary laid out in her speech: stuck wages, limited mobility, and exclusion from economic growth. As an answer to these frustrations, Clinton explicitly acknowledged that the Democrats have been kinda terrible at speaking to those concerns. “Some of you are frustrated, even furious. And you know what? You’re right,” she said. “Democrats are the party of working people, but we haven’t done a good enough job showing that we get what you’re going through, and that we’re going to do something about it.” All told, Hillary Clinton’s speech to the 2016 Democratic National Convention was a singular moment in American politics. We saw the first female presidential nominee from a major party telling voters that things will be better, and that we can all do better, and that the best way to get there is to reject the allure of a would-be strongman and work together. We saw a woman reach an unprecedented height in American politics and offer herself as the alternative to a candidate who busily plumbs new depths. It was quite a thing to see.",1
1998,George P. Bush says father Jeb Bush is ‘seriously considering’ 2016 run,"George P. Bush, the son of former Florida governor Jeb Bush (R), said Sunday on ABC's ""This Week"" that his father is seriously considering a presidential run in 2016.

""I think it's more than likely that he's giving this serious thought in moving forward ... that he'll run,"" he said.

Bush also said the family ""would be behind [Jeb Bush] 100 percent if he decides to"" run.",1
1621,Ben Carson’s harsh spotlight: An unfit candidate struggles under intense scrutiny,"Ben Carson has had a very strange couple of weeks. Let’s take a moment to review precisely what the arguable front-runner for the 2016 Republican presidential nomination has undergone since the CNBC debate in late October. At that debate, he was challenged on his relationship with a shady nutritional supplement company that sells fart pills to very sick people. Carson denied any relationship existed, despite the many paid speeches and promotional videos he did for the group. In the days that followed, it was revealed that Carson thinks the Great Pyramids of Egypt were built by Joseph to store grain – a biblical literalist view that is supported by precisely zero historical or archaeological evidence.

But hey we’re not done yet. The day after the pyramid thing, Carson got into a fight with CNN when the network reported that childhood friends and acquaintances of the candidate don’t remember Carson being the violent and troubled youth he claims to have been. This led to the bizarre spectacle of Carson, a candidate for the presidency, forcefully insisting that he did in fact try to stab a person, and any suggestion that he didn’t try to murder someone with a knife is a “smear.”

This string of scarcely believable events culminated on Friday with a Politico report that Carson’s oft-repeated claim to have been offered a “full scholarship” to West Point was untrue. West Point doesn’t offer “full scholarships.” Everyone accepted to West Point has their entire room, board and tuition covered. But saying you were enticed with a “full scholarship” is a great, almost-honest way to make it look like the military academy was beating down your door.

All this follows months and months of other weird Carson behaviors – his repeated and inappropriate invocations of the Nazis and slavery to attack policies he doesn’t like, his Bible-based tax plan, his “book tour” in the middle of the campaign, his insistence that a Muslim should not be president, his ignorance of basic economic matters, his plan to have the government investigate “propaganda” on college campuses, and the fact that his “campaign” increasingly resembles an elaborate direct-marketing scam. And that’s only a few select tiles from the rich mosaic of Ben Carson’s strangeness.

One might think that a candidate with this many warning lights and trouble signs would have crashed fairly quickly, or never even taken off in the first place. But the Republican Party and its voters have declared war on the very concept of competent, reliable governance, which has provided space for “outsider” candidates who are manifestly unfit for the office of the presidency to seize the GOP electorate and retain a firm hold on it. Now that he’s at the top of the GOP 2016 polling, he’s facing a great deal more scrutiny, and people are starting to wonder whether Carson will survive as a front-runner for the presidential nomination.

The obvious impulse for conservatives is to rally around Carson and protect him from the nasty liberal media and its pernicious biases. The derpier corners of the conservative media are already doing exactly that, arguing that media scrutiny of Carson’s past is motivated by racial hatred and part of a broader scheme to attack black conservatives. Others found themselves harshly criticizing Carson after the Politico story and predicting his demise, only to reverse course and turn their fire back on Politico for overselling the story and toning down some of the more incendiary language in its initial report. It would be very easy for Carson to escape from this in the minds of conservatives as just another victim of what they see as a biased and antagonistic press.

But when you look at the entire Ben Carson experience to date, what’s really needed is more scrutiny, and more and better explanations for why, exactly, he thinks he’s ready to serve as president. Carson rose to prominence based on his inspiring life story and his willingness to be harshly critical of President Obama. But, as Paul Waldman notes, the more we hear from Carson on policy matters and issue of national importance, the more it becomes clear that he frequently has no idea what he’s talking about, is “impervious to evidence,” and is unwilling to entertain the notion that his convictions may be wrong. His policy platform is stuffed with grandiose and insane proposals that are completely untethered to the reality of how governments work and violate principles of basic mathematics, but he argues that he’ll accomplish them anyway because he believes in himself. It feels safe to assume, given the mood of the Republican electorate, that Carson won’t have too difficult a time enduring these unwelcome probes into his background and bugnuts worldview. Donald Trump’s enduring popularity in the Republican primary already stands as a stinging indictment of the direction the GOP has taken. The Ben Carson phenomenon has thus far endured in spite of his whacky ideas, offensive remarks, flirtations with authoritarianism, and shady campaign practices. I wouldn’t be at all surprised if he continues his rise, abetted by conservatives who want to shield him from the scrutiny he deserves. Watch to find out what we know about Carson’s alleged violent incidents:

",1
100,Rachel Dolezal's brother: She's 'making up more lies',"(CNN) Ezra Dolezal would love to see his sister, Rachel, take a DNA test to prove whose version of the truth about her racial identity is the right one.

But he doesn't think she will.

And she didn't back down when it comes how she sees herself, even after her parents shared childhood photos of a young Rachel Dolezal -- her pale complexion and straight blond hair in contrast to the woman with darker skin and dark curly hair who appeared on NBC.

""My life has been one of survival,"" Dolezal told Lauer. ""And the decisions that I have made along the way have been to survive and to carry forward in my journey and life continuum.""

""My life has been one of survival,"" Dolezal told Lauer. ""And the decisions that I have made along the way have been to survive and to carry forward in my journey and life continuum.""

Matt Lauer interviews Dolezal on the ""Today"" show on Tuesday, June 16. Dolezal revealed that she started identifying as black around age 5, when she would draw self-portraits with a brown crayon. She told Lauer she ""takes exception"" to the contention that she tried to deceive people.

Dolezal poses for a picture with prosecutor Marilyn Mosby. Dolezal's mother said on Friday, June 12, that her daughter ""has not explained to us why she is doing what she's doing and being dishonest and deceptive with her identity.""

Dolezal poses for a picture with prosecutor Marilyn Mosby. Dolezal's mother said on Friday, June 12, that her daughter ""has not explained to us why she is doing what she's doing and being dishonest and deceptive with her identity.""

Another family photo shows Dolezal as a teenager. Her mother told the Spokane Spokesman-Review that after she and her husband adopted four African-American children, Dolezal began to ""disguise herself."" Dolezal brushed off the controversy surrounding her racial identity as part of a family fight over alleged abuse, the Spokesman-Review reported.

A family photo shows Dolezal's family at her wedding reception in Jackson, Mississippi, on May 21, 2000. Her family is racially mixed; four of her adopted siblings are black. She and her husband, Kevin, are standing between her parents. Her grandparents are at right and her adopted siblings are in the front row.

A family photo shows Dolezal's family at her wedding reception in Jackson, Mississippi, on May 21, 2000. Her family is racially mixed; four of her adopted siblings are black. She and her husband, Kevin, are standing between her parents. Her grandparents are at right and her adopted siblings are in the front row.

Dolezal's birth certificate shows that she was born to Lawrence Dolezal and Ruthanne Schertel. Her public racial identity came under scrutiny on Thursday, June 11, in an interview with a reporter from CNN affiliate KXLY

Rachel Dolezal, 37, was the head of the local chapter of the NAACP and has identified herself as African-American. But her Montana birth certificate says she was born to two people who say they are Caucasian. She is seen as a teenager at left in an old family photo and in a more recent picture from Eastern Washington University, where she teaches classes related to African-American culture.

Rachel Dolezal, 37, was the head of the local chapter of the NAACP and has identified herself as African-American. But her Montana birth certificate says she was born to two people who say they are Caucasian. She is seen as a teenager at left in an old family photo and in a more recent picture from Eastern Washington University, where she teaches classes related to African-American culture.

For the family, one comment stung especially hard. ""I haven't had a DNA test,"" Dolezal said. ""There's been no biological proof that Larry and Ruthanne are my biological parents.""

Larry and Ruthanne are the Montana couple who helped drive this story, telling reporters that Rachel is their estranged daughter. Ezra Dolezal is himself biracial and one of four children adopted by the Dolezals -- unlike Rachel, his older sister by 15 years, he says.

""I guarantee that she is not going to take a DNA test to prove that (Larry and Ruthanne Dolezal) are not her parents,"" Ezra Dolezal told CNN's ""New Day"" on Wednesday. ""Because they are, and she doesn't want to be caught going back on her story again.""

Over the years, several reports have come out identifying Rachel Dolezal as transracial, multiracial or black. She hasn't corrected them -- in part because, it seems, she feels connected with the African-American experience, a link she claims began as early as age 5, when she drew self-portraits in brown instead of peach crayon and with black, curly hair.

This self-assessment, though, has bothered some -- including African-Americans who feel that Dolezal advanced as an activist by misrepresenting herself and by claiming personal injustices that weren't legitimate coming from a woman who could decide any day to present herself as white again.

She has had her defenders, too, with some pointing to the good she's done as an activist and saying she shouldn't be faulted for her tight bond with the black community.

'She's too nervous' to admit the truth, brother says

For all the Internet outrage, though, the ones most directly affected by all this are the Dolezals. And they couldn't be further apart.

It has been years since Rachel Dolezal talked with her parents. They've been on opposing sides of one custody battle, which ended with Rachel taking in one of Larry and Ruthanne's four adopted children as her own. And Rachel, who attended historically black Howard University and until very recently had taught classes on African-American culture at Eastern Washington University, has claimed she felt her connection with the black experience was stifled when she was growing up.

""I felt very isolated with my identity virtually my entire life, that nobody really got it and that I really didn't have the personal agency to express it,"" she told NBC. ""I kind of imagined that maybe at some point (I'd have to) own it publicly and discuss this kind of complexity.""

Yet her parents have challenged her assertions, including that she identified with African-Americans as a youngster or was held back in any way. They've challenged her integrity and even questioned her mental state.

Ezra Dolezal backed his adopted parents Wednesday, while ripping what he called a web of lies -- a web that, he said, is growing bigger by the day.

""I think ... she's too nervous to just admit that she's not been telling the truth,"" he said. ""(That) is why she keeps on making up more and more lies to help fit the story as it goes.""",1
2985,Court ruling on NSA spying splits 2016 field,"Washington (CNN) A federal appeals court's ruling on Thursday that the National Security Agency's bulk collection of telephone metadata is illegal has split the 2016 presidential field, making unlikely allies of Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton and some of the Republican Party's most conservative members.

Sens. Rand Paul and Ted Cruz lauded the decision as a win for Americans' personal freedoms, and though Clinton didn't weigh in specifically on the decision, she did suggest her support with a tweet endorsing an NSA reform bill.

But the other two 2016 contenders in the Senate — Sens. Marco Rubio and Lindsey Graham — expressed opposition to the move. The split in the Senate is likely to complicate the upcoming effort to reauthorize the PATRIOT Act, which authorizes such surveillance programs and expires at the end of the month.

The decision is already sparking a fierce debate within the 2016 field. Here's a roundup of who's offered support, who's expressed opposition and who's keeping mum on the controversial program.

The Florida Senator is an outspoken defense hawk and has long expressed support for the program. He said Thursday in a statement that it would be a bad move to eliminate the NSA surveillance program.

""The solution is not to get rid of a program at a time when we know that the risk of homegrown violent extremism is the highest it's ever been,"" Rubio said.

Paul praised the decision as ""monumental...for all lovers of liberty"" and issued a series of laudatory tweets — and offered discounted campaign swag in honor of it.

""To celebrate today's ruling, we've lowered the cost of the NSA spy blocker in our campaign store,"" Paul tweeted.

""I guess it's gratifying that the courts are beginning to recognize the problem. We are anticipating and eager for this to get to the Supreme Court,"" he told Breitbart.

And he took a veiled jab at potential primary opponent Jeb Bush, tweeting ""Sadly, one GOP candidate thinks the NSA's violation of your rights is 'very important.' Tell him, he's wrong.""

Bush hasn't yet weighed in on the court's decision, but has been a strident supporter of the NSA program in the past. Paul's tweet was in fact a reference to Bush's policy speech in April during which the former Florida governor reiterated his support for government surveillance.

The New Jersey governor said, in the face of the court challenge, that the NSA's collection of telephone data ""should continue"" and called for Congress, to extend the program ""without delay."" He also warned against rolling back any such programs ""especially during this really dangerous time.""

""I believe there can be appropriate oversight by Congress and people in the Justice Department who can oversee whether the law is being followed or whether the law is being violated. I'm not one of those folks who believe we should bring our guard down, especially during this really dangerous time,"" he said Friday during a breakfast discussion in New Hampshire.

""It can be done in a way that's not only constitutional, but also protects national security.""

Christie also called for reauthorizing the PATRIOT Act.

""I know how important a tool the PATRIOT Act is to help to prevent terrorism to intercede before a terrorist act occurs. I'm not someone who's going to back away at all from the Patriot Act,"" he said.

Cruz was quick to offer support for the decision, declaring in a statement that ""the court's ruling today confirms what the American public already knew: The National Security Agency's data collection program went too far in collecting the phone records of Americans."" He also called for the passage of the USA FREEDOM Act, a bill that would reform the NSA and effectively end the surveillance program by giving telephone companies full control over phone records.

""The USA FREEDOM Act ends the NSA's unfettered data collection program once and for all, while at the same time preserving the government's ability to obtain information to track down terrorists when it has sufficient justification and support for doing so,"" Cruz said.

""It would be pretty hard to diminish this program right now based on a court ruling that's not binding,"" he said.

Clinton didn't comment on the decision specifically, but did endorse the USA Freedom Act.

""Congress should move ahead now with the USA Freedom Act—a good step forward in ongoing efforts to protect our security & civil liberties,"" she tweeted.

Sanders, another Democratic presidential contender, tweeted that ""the NSA is out of control and operating in an unconstitutional manner.""

He lauded the ruling in a statement that emphasized the need for balance between Americans' security and their personal freedoms.

""We can [protect the country from terrorism] without living in an Orwellian world where the government and private corporations know every telephone call that we make, every website we visit, everyplace we go,"" he said in the statement.

The Maryland governor hasn't yet weighed in on the court decision, but said last month he hopes the debate over reauthorizing the PATRIOT Act creates an opportunity to ""have a conversation about whether or not we've struck the right balance here.""

""I don't think that we should sacrifice our privacy for our security. We have to find a way to protect them both."" he said then.

The rest of the field

Ben Carson, Mike Huckabee and Rick Perry haven't yet weighed in, though they've been generally critical of the program in the past. Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker and former Hewlett-Packard CEO Carly Fiorina haven't offered clear opinions the program, and haven't yet weighed in on the decision.",1
1028,"Rubio shifts tactics; Trump sticks to themes, seeks unity at subdued GOP debate","Marco Rubio, needing a breakout performance going into Tuesday's Florida primary, changed tactics and used substance during Thursday night's GOP debate to attack Donald Trump on several fronts – while Trump, subdued and trying to look more presidential, held steady to the campaign-tested themes that have made him the front-runner.

At the end of the two-hour debate, Trump — coming off a string of primary wins — summed up the reality that Rubio and rivals Ted Cruz and John Kasich face: that only “two of us” can get the delegates to win – meaning Trump and Cruz — and “two of us” cannot, referring to Rubio and Kasich.

“That is not meant to be a criticism … that’s just a mathematical fact,” Trump said, urging the party to “be smart and unify.”

The reminder amounted to just about the toughest criticism of the night, at a debate where personal attacks were replaced by more substantive policy discussion.

But Rubio, in particular, who drastically changed his campaign approach in recent weeks to turn up the heat on Trump and even mock his physical appearance, dialed all that back onstage Thursday – after having said he regrets some of those personal insults.

Instead, he hit Trump on his defense of his “Islam hates us"" remarks, Trump's suggestion he'd do a deal with the Palestinians and his vow that he wouldn't touch Social Security — despite warnings it would start running out of money in two decades.

Trump's rivals, though, did not criticize him after he was asked about whether his tone is encouraging violence at his rallies, a reference to a recent incident where a protester was punched.

“I hope not, I truly hope not,"" Trump said, saying he does not ""condone"" violence but also that some protesters are ""bad dudes.""

One of the most pointed debate clashes came over the diplomatic thaw with Cuba — a huge issue in Florida, host of the CNN debate and next week’s critical primary. Trump tangled with his rivals as he claimed he’s “in the middle” on the issue.

Trump said “something” should take place after a decades-long freeze, but, “I want to get a much better deal.”

Whether Rubio’s performance is enough is the big question. Pressure was already mounting on him to drop out, and Texas Sen. Cruz added to that pressure Thursday night.

“There are only two of us who have a path to winning the nomination -- Donald and myself,” Cruz said, while also jokingly referring to Trump as the “son of a businessman.”

Rubio entered the debate clinging to life in the GOP primary race after a string of losses. He depends on winning his home state of Florida on Tuesday – but polls show Trump well ahead there, and even if Rubio wins Florida, it’s still unclear whether he would have any path to the nomination.

But he – along with his rivals – did their best Thursday to draw distinctions between them and Trump.

Oftentimes, Trump seemed to lean on his “art of the deal” to explain his approach to global challenges. But it earned him criticism from the others on stage.

Cruz hammered Trump for suggesting he’d be able to re-negotiate a nuclear deal with Iran.

“I will rip to shreds this catastrophic Iranian nuclear deal,” Cruz countered.

Trump also took heat from Rubio and others as he defended his claim that “Islam hates us.”

The Republican front-runner said there’s “tremendous hatred” in the Muslim world and called for new laws to confront the threat. 

 “We better expand our laws or we’re being a bunch of suckers, and they are laughing at us,” Trump said.

But Rubio and Cruz both said “of course” they would not want to allow the targeting of family members of terror targets, as Trump has called for. And they chided him for his remarks.

“The answer is not scream all Muslims bad,” Cruz said.

“The problem is presidents can’t just say whatever they want,” Rubio said. “I’m not interested in being politically correct. … I’m interested in being correct.”

Trump’s rivals noted America must work with other Muslim nations to confront the ISIS threat.

Trump also took heat for saying he’d try to do a deal with the Palestinians, as well as the Israelis.

For the most part, Trump and his three Republican presidential rivals held their personal fire Thursday night during their last debate before next Tuesday's primary in Florida – which votes alongside four other states.

Trump even remarked on the subdued tone: “So far I cannot believe how civil it’s been up here.”

""I think it was good that we had a substantive debate,"" Cruz told Fox News' Megyn Kelly late Wednesday. ""The last two debates were pretty ridiculous [and] I was glad to see that nonsense ending.""

Ohio Gov. Kasich also stressed at the debate that he’s run an “unwavering positive campaign” all along.

But on the domestic front, they did battle on the best way to save Social Security -- with Trump breaking from his competition by saying he'd leave it alone despite warnings it would start running out of money in two decades.

“I will do everything in my power not to touch Social Security,” Trump said. He said he’d instead get rid of waste, fraud and abuse — including by ensuring the government bids out contracts.

Rubio, though, said, “You’re still going to have hundreds of billions of dollars of deficit that you’re going to have to make up.” He called for gradually raising the retirement age to 70.

Cruz echoed that call, saying the program is “careening toward insolvency.”

“We need to see political courage to take this on and save and strengthen Social Security,” he said.

Kasich also called for changes, though not necessarily to the retirement age.

Trump, meanwhile, openly discussed his plan to hit pause on green cards.

“I would say a minimum of one year, maybe two years,” Trump said.

As Trump consolidates support and builds his delegate lead, though, he kicked off the debate with a pointed message to the so-called “Republican establishment,” effectively telling them to get on board with his campaign.

He started his opening statement by claiming his campaign is bringing in Democrats, independents and others in huge numbers to the polls.

“The Republican establishment, or whatever you want to call it, should embrace what’s happening,” he said, addressing tension between his campaign and senior GOP leaders. “We are going to beat the Democrats.”

The candidates faced off ahead of next week’s critical primaries in five states – including the valuable contests in Ohio and Florida, where the winner of each will take home all delegates at stake. Front-runner Trump is riding high after notching three more victories this past Tuesday, and is threatening to sideline his remaining rivals next week.

Pressure is highest on Rubio and Kasich, who each have vowed to win their home states; doing so widely is seen as essential for them to stay in the race. Meanwhile, Cruz is positioning himself as the best Trump alternative and the only candidate who could still defeat him.

He was buoyed Wednesday by the endorsement of former candidate Carly Fiorina.

Trump, though, is set to receive a significant endorsement of his own from an ex-candidate, Ben Carson – who, according to sources, plans to announce his support for Trump on Friday.",1
4448,Poll: 6 in 10 Back Renewal of NSA Data Collection,"With the provisions of the Patriot Act which allow the National Security Administration to collect data on Americans' phone calls newly expired, a new CNN/ORC poll finds 61% of Americans think the law ought to be renewed, including majorities across party lines, while 36% say it should not be reinstated.

Republican leaders in the Senate are working to pass a bill to reinstate the law, after delays led by Sen. Rand Paul (R-Kentucky), whose presidential campaign has been noted for its appeal to independent voters and younger Republicans, and other surveillance opponents led to the law's expiration at 12:01 a.m. Monday. But Paul's stance on the issue is unlikely to bring him many fans within his own party.

Support for renewal peaks among Republicans, 73% of whom back the law. Democrats largely agree, with 63% saying the law should be renewed. Independents are least apt to back it, with 55% saying renew it and 42% let it expire. Liberals, regardless of partisan affiliation, are most likely to say the law should not be renewed, 50% say so while 48% want to see it renewed.

About half of Americans, 52%, say that if the law is not renewed, the risk of terrorism here in the U.S. would remain about the same. Still, a sizable 44% minority feel that without the law, the risk of terrorism will rise. Just 3% feel it would decrease.

RELATED: Rand Paul vs. the GOP field on NSA The sense that the risk will rise is greatest among Republicans, 61% of whom say the risk of terrorism will climb if the NSA is unable to collect this data. Among Democrats and independents, less than half feel the risk of terrorism would increase if the program ended. The poll reveals a steep generational divide on the data collection program. Among those under age 35, just 25% say the risk of terrorism would increase without NSA data collection. That more than doubles to 60% among those age 65 or older. Those under age 35 are also split on whether the law should be renewed at all, 50% say it should be renewed while 49% say it should not. Among those age 35 or older, 65% back renewal of the law. President Barack Obama's reviews for handling government surveillance of U.S. citizens have worsened since June 2013 when the NSA data collection program was first revealed. Overall, 67% say they disapprove of the president's handling of government surveillance of U.S. citizens, up from 61% in June 2013. Much of that decline comes among his fellow partisans. In June 2013, 61% of Democrats approved of the president's handling of surveillance issues, that has fallen to 49% in the new poll. Obama fares better on his handling of terrorism generally, 45% approve and 51% disapprove. The CNN/ORC Poll was conducted by telephone May 29-31 among a random national sample of 1,025 adults. The margin of sampling error for results based on the full sample is plus or minus 3 percentage points. RELATED: Patriot Act provisions have expired: What happens now?",1
3765,Baltimore in flames: senseless,"The Baltimore Police Department apparently has a long history of abuses. That all needs to be addressed, but it doesn't justify rioting, looting, and actions that place the lives of others in danger.

A man throws a brick at police following the funeral of Freddie Gray in Baltimore on Monday. Gray died from spinal injuries about a week after he was arrested and transported in a Baltimore Police Department van.

Just under 10 days ago, a 25-year-old man in Baltimore died after being taken into custody by police for reasons that still haven’t been made clear. What has been even less clear to date have been the circumstances of his death, which resulted from a broken neck and possibly other injuries that he sustained some time after being taken into custody but after he was out of the view of the cameras that recorded his initial encounter with police. There have been protests in Baltimore virtually from the day that Gray’s death became public and, on Saturday, they became violent enough that fans who were at Camden Yards to watch the Orioles play the Red Sox were kept in their seats for some period of time while police dealt with violent protests outside the stadium. Today, Gray was laid to rest but tensions began to rise when rumors began to spread of plans for attacks on police officers by gang members and, this afternoon protests broke out that quickly turned into a riot that has already caused significant property damage to one area of the city:

BALTIMORE – Police officers in riot gear clashed with rock-throwing youths on Monday in a neighborhood in Northwest Baltimore, hours after Freddie Gray, the 25-year-old black man who has become the nation’s latest symbol of police brutality, was laid to rest amid emotional calls for justice and peace. At least seven officers were injured and one was “unresponsive,” Capt. J. Eric Kowalczyk of the Baltimore police told reporters. The violence broke out in the Mondawmin neighborhood, near the New Shiloh Baptist Church, where friends, neighbors, activists and government officials from the local level to the White House – as well as civil rights leaders like the Jesse Jackson and Dick Gregory – had gathered in the morning to eulogize Mr. Gray. “We are continuing to deploy resources across the city to respond to reports of violence,” the police said on Twitter. “The safety of our community is our top priority.” Groups of angry young people surrounded a police cruiser and smashed it in; another cruiser could be seen burning. Several businesses, including a drugstore, a liquor store and a check-cashing store, were looted. Others pelted the police with items picked up at nearby vacant lots – rocks, bricks, boards and chunks of concrete. Some arrests were made. At least one small fire could be seen in streets filled with debris. Police officers in riot gear could also be seen outside Camden Yards, the baseball field in downtown Baltimore, where the Orioles were scheduled to play the Chicago White Sox. The Maryland State Police said that an additional 40 troopers were joining the 42 troopers already deployed in Baltimore. Police said earlier in the day that they had received a “credible threat” of violence against law enforcement officers, and Captain Kowalczyk told reporters here that authorities would take “appropriate measures” to keep officers and the neighborhood safe. Warned by the police of possible violence, the University of Maryland campus in downtown Baltimore closed early as did Mondawmin Mall. “You’re going to see tear gas, you’re going to see pepper balls, we’re going to use appropriate methods to make sure we an preserve the safety of that community,” Captain Kowalczyk said during a televised news conference. “Our officers are working as quickly and as orderly as they can to being about order in the area of Mondawmin.” A flier circulated on social media called for a period of violence Monday afternoon to begin at the Mondawmin Mall and move downtown toward City Hall.

Violence and looting overtook much of West Baltimore on Monday, seriously injuring several police officers and leaving a store and several vehicles in flames. At least seven police officers were injured in a clash that began near Mondawmin Mall and spread toward downtown. One officer was unresponsive and others suffered broken bones, police spokesman Capt. Eric Kowalczyk said. Smoke filled the air as police responded with shields and a tactical vehicle. Demonstrators pelted officers with rocks, bricks and bottles and assaulted a photojournalist, and officers fired back with tear gas and pepper balls. Demonstrators set a police vehicle ablaze at North and Pennsylvania avenues. Nearby, they looted a CVS drug store, which store officials said had already closed, before it caught fire. Rioters cut the fire hose as firefighters battled the blaze. The unrest spread toward downtown, with looting along Howard and Centre streets as afternoon turned to evening. Another group of people was destroying property around North and Fulton avenues, police said. Kowalczyk called the demonstrators “lawless individuals with no regard for the safety of people that live in that community” and said they would be identified and arrested. Police said via Twitter many of the rioters were juveniles and urged parents to bring their children home. Gov. Larry Hogan signed an executive order declaring a state of emergency and activating the Maryland National Guard. He was set to speak at Maryland Emergency Management Agency headquarters at 8:30 p.m. “Today’s looting and acts of violence in Baltimore will not be tolerated,” he said in a statement. “I strongly condemn the actions of the offenders who are engaged in direct attacks against innocent civilians, businesses and law enforcement officers. There is a significant difference between protesting and violence and those committing these acts will be prosecuted under the fullest extent of the law.” Earlier Monday afternoon, the threat prompted police to urge downtown businesses and institutions to close, including the University of Maryland, Baltimore, Lexington Market, a city courthouse and businesses including T. Rowe Price and Venable LLP. Two city recreation centers in West Baltimore, the Robert C. Marshall Recreation Center in Upton and Lillian Jones Recreation Center in Sandtown-Winchester, closed early. All Pratt Library branches closed early. “For us to come out of the burial and into this, it’s absolutely inexcusable,” said the Rev. Jamal H. Bryant, who hours earlier delivered Gray’s eulogy. “Violence is not the answer for justice.” Bryant said a group of men from the Nation of Islam planned to build a “human wall” to stop the mob from coming downtown. “Violence is not the answer,” he said. The incident stemmed from a flier that circulated widely among city school students via social media about a “purge” to take place at 3 p.m., starting at Mondawmin Mall and ending downtown. Such memes have been known to circulate regularly among city school students, based on the film “The Purge,” about what would happen if all laws were suspended. The flier included an image of protesters smashing the windshield of a police car Saturday during a march spurred by the death of Freddie Gray, a 25-year-old man who suffered a spinal cord injury earlier this month after being arrested by city police. Kowalczyk would not speculate on whether the incident was related to Gray’s death. While officials had expected additional protests on the same day Gray was mourned and buried, the scale of the unrest took them by surprise, U.S. Rep. Elijah Cummings told CNN. “We never expected anything like this,” he said. Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake activated the city’s emergency operation center just before 6 p.m. to coordinate response to the riots. Police were preparing for rioting to make its way downtown, with officers in helmets and carrying shields stationed at Lexington Market and the Inner Harbor. Maryland State Police sent 40 troopers to the city, said Keiffer Mitchell, a top aide to Gov. Larry Hogan. Several other jurisdictions, including Baltimore and Howard counties, sent officers to assist. All but one gate to Oriole Park at Camden Yards was closed, with a game set to begin at 7:05 p.m. But team officials postponed the game less than an hour before first pitch was scheduled.

As was the case during the riots that occurred in Ferguson, Mo., last August, it seems fairly clear that the rioting and violence that we are seeing in Baltimore today, and that we saw on Saturday night near Camden Yards, is largely the work of people using the protests as cover for their own nefarious goals. Some of the reports regarding the planned protests for today have suggested that the city’s gangs have actually banded together to use today’s protest as a cover to attack police officers, for example. More importantly, the community leaders who have been part of the peaceful protests that have been going on since Gray’s death on April 19, along with Gray’s family members, have been quick to denounce the violence and ask for it to come to an end. It likely won’t, of course, and the fact that it has gotten out of hand so quickly likely means that law enforcement will find itself forced to use a heavy hand to restore order, something which may prove difficult to keep under control as we approach nightfall in Baltimore. More than likely, though, it will take more than one night to bring order to this situation.

There is, quite obviously, no excuse for violence and looting such as what we’re seeing unfold in Baltimore tonight, and the willful destruction of property is utterly senseless. One of the first businesses to be looted in this neighborhood, for example, was a CVS that one could tell even from the aerial shots being broadcast on CNN was a relatively new business, likely only a few years old at the most. Over the course of less than 20 minutes, one could see the entire store being trashed, windows busted out, and merchandise being carried out by people who obviously didn’t care very much what what happening to the neighborhood. Less than an hour later, that building was on fire, and when the fire department came out to try to put out the fire, with a CNN reporter standing right there, two people who had their faces covered came up and cut the firehouse’s connection to the hydrant. That’s just one example of what’s been happening in that city.

None of this is to excuse what happened to Freddie Gray, of course. Based on the information that has come out so far, it seems quite apparent that the officers involved in his arrest, all of whom are currently suspended, acted at the very least with reckless disregard for his life, and possibly worse. Additionally, the Baltimore Police Department itself apparently has a long history of abuses and bad relations with the community that are no doubt fueling much of what we are seeing unfold now. All of that needs to be addressed. However, none of that justifies, rioting, looting, and actions that place the lives of others in danger. I suspect that the people in Baltimore who actually care about what happened to Freddie Gray, and actually care about their neighborhoods know this. Unfortunately, they are being overshadowed by a bunch of thugs right now.

Doug Mataconis appears on the Outside the Beltway blog at http://www.outsidethebeltway.com/.",1
4254,"In Nevada caucuses, Trump gets a third straight win","Donald Trump swept to a convincing victory in the Nevada presidential caucuses here Tuesday evening, building a broad coalition that left his top two rivals trailing far behind and accelerating his march to the Republican nomination.

An angry electorate hungry for a political outsider in the White House catapulted Trump to his third straight win in the GOP primary race as the billionaire mogul used visceral rhetoric to tap into anxieties about the economy, terrorism and illegal immigration.

The breadth of Trump’s support was staggering, with Sens. Marco Rubio (Fla.) and Ted Cruz (Tex.) running more than 20 percentage points behind him in second and third place respectively, despite their aggressive campaigning across Nevada in the closing days. Retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson and Ohio Gov. John Kasich, who did not mount a serious campaign here, were far behind in single digits.

“If you listen to the pundits, we weren’t expected to win too much — and now we’re winning, winning, winning the country,” a triumphant Trump declared to supporters at his Las Vegas victory party.

Vowing to continue his streak and quickly secure the nomination, Trump added: “It’s going to be an amazing two months. We might not even need the two months, folks.”

The Nevada results underscored the challenge for Trump’s opponents to slow his momentum heading into next week’s Super Tuesday, when 11 states will hold primaries and caucuses in a single day.

Cruz and Rubio, who have been fighting bitterly to become the chief alternative to Trump, were dealt a serious blow by Nevada’s voters.

After watching with disappointment as returns rolled in, Cruz all but ignored Rubio as he addressed supporters at his Las Vegas caucus night party. He argued that the real race for the nomination had come down to him and Trump.

“The undeniable reality that the first four states have shown is that the only campaign that has beaten Donald Trump and the only campaign that can beat Donald Trump is this campaign,” Cruz said, referencing his win in the kick-off Iowa caucuses.

Rubio, who jetted out of Nevada Tuesday morning for campaign events in Minnesota and Michigan, made no public comments on the results. His advisers had been hopeful that he might finish strongly here, perhaps even win, considering that he spent part of his childhood in Las Vegas and enjoyed the support of much of the state’s political establishment.

High voter turnout apparently overwhelmed organizers at some caucus locations. There were isolated reports of double voting, dwindling supplies of paper ballots and what a Republican Party official described as “chaos” at a couple of caucus sites here in Clark County, the state’s biggest population center.

Some volunteer caucus officials collecting ballots wore Trump campaign T-shirts and hats, sparking an outcry and allegations of voter intimidation on social media.

The Nevada Republican Party’s caucus rules allow precinct workers to wear campaign paraphernalia. “Volunteers went through extensive training & are doing a great job,” read a statement from the party.

Early entrance polling reported by CNN showed that Trump’s victory here was commanding, across most demographic groups and among voters of every ideology. Nearly six in 10 caucus-goers said they were angry at the federal government, and a similar percentage wanted the next president to be a political outsider.

Trump reveled in the breadth of his winning coalition.

“We won the evangelicals, we won with young, we won with old, we won with highly educated, we won with poorly educated — I love the poorly educated,” Trump said, referencing the network entrance polls. “And you know what I really am happy about, because I’ve been saying it for a long time? Forty-six percent with Hispanics. Number one with Hispanics! I’m really happy about that.”

Trump, who visited caucus sites Tuesday night to motivate his supporters, had led every recent public poll by double digits. Enormous crowds packed his rallies, including one Monday night in Las Vegas that drew an estimated 8,000 people.

Trump’s nationalist call to deport illegal immigrants and wall them off resonated with Nevada’s working-class whites resentful of the booming Latino population.

But a Trump win was not seen as a done deal. The state’s caucuses are peculiar and unpredictable — and Cruz and Rubio labored to spring a surprise.

Cruz worked Nevada harder than any other candidate, flying immediately to the state after South Carolina’s primary Saturday and making nine crowded campaign stops.

Yet a message seemingly tailored to Nevada’s libertarian-leaning Republicans — with a particular focus on the federal control of land in the state — did not appear to resonate as Cruz might have hoped.

And the day before the caucuses was squandered when Cruz fired his communications director, Rick Tyler, who had published a false smear of Rubio on Facebook.

The Cruz roadshow had a slapdash feel, recycling video endorsements from Iowa, one of which ended with: “People of Iowa, it is time to believe again.” In Carson City, when state Attorney General Adam Laxalt needed to stall for Cruz’s arrival, he announced a “short video” — and the audience groaned.

In a television ad and in speeches, he promised to hand over to the state the 85 percent of Nevada land controlled by the federal government. The idea drew applause — and some protesters — but did not move votes.

Like the Cruz campaign, Rubio’s thought it could exploit Trump’s weak state-level organization with a carefully tailored strategy. Rubio targeted Nevada’s well-organized Mormon community, which propelled Mitt Romney to victory here in 2012, as well as seniors who populate the many retirement communities around Las Vegas.

He also played up his local roots. He lived briefly as a child in Las Vegas, where his father tended bar at a casino and his mother cleaned rooms at a hotel. During that time, his family temporarily converted to Mormonism.

Dozens of extended family members still live here. “He has more family members in Nevada than in Florida,” Lt. Gov. Mark Hutchison, Rubio’s state campaign chairman, said Sunday night at a rally in North Las Vegas.

[Donald Trump is on course to win the delegates he needs for the GOP nomination]

All along, however, Nevada was Trump’s to lose. He focused on big rallies in Las Vegas and the Reno area — the state’s two main population centers — but he had a ground organization, as well.

Trump’s campaign bought limited television advertising time in Las Vegas. In its main spot, which also ran in South Carolina, a man whose son was murdered by an undocumented immigrant said that Trump is “the only one” he trusts to secure the border.

Rubio campaigned across Nevada with a broader message, trying to appeal to a more diverse cross-section of the electorate, and entrance polls suggested he won among voters who decided in the final days.

Many of the state’s top elected officials backed Rubio, including Sen. Dean Heller. Gov. Brian Sandoval, who has angered conservatives over a state tax increase, decided to stay on the sidelines, though he caucused for Rubio on Tuesday night.

Rubio attracted some star power, too. Donnie Wahlberg, a founding member of New Kids on the Block, a boy band popular in the late 1980s and early 1990s, endorsed him at his Sunday night rally.

“I have never, ever voted for a Republican presidential candidate — that is, until this year, thanks to Marco Rubio,” Wahlberg said.

Rubio also had the support of Rick Harrison, a celebrated Las Vegas pawn shop owner and host of the “Pawn Stars” reality-television show. “I really think he’s got a shot at winning on Tuesday,” Harrison told the Sunday night crowd.

Scott Clement in Washington contributed to this report.",1
1340,How Ted Cruz outfoxed Donald Trump in Iowa,"It was on a hot July day in 2013, six months after he joined the Senate, that Ted Cruz began what would become his winning campaign in Iowa.

At a faith gathering at the Des Moines Marriott, the Texan bowed his head as pastors laid their hands on his shoulders to pray. Meanwhile, the senator’s aides collected their names and email addresses, starting a database of evangelical leaders that would swell over the following months and years. Cruz’s father, Rafael, himself a preacher, looked on, beaming.

Donald Trump began his Iowa campaign with a business trip. He landed here in January 2015 to address a land investment expo, but, unbeknownst to the political world, he also started to build his campaign.

Iowa was a foreign place to the Manhattan mogul, and Trump knew he needed two things: credibility and a fast tutorial. He sought to gain both through Chuck Laudner, a veteran Iowa operative.

Trump invited Laudner and his wife, Stephanie, into his SUV. He poured on the charm. He leaned in to listen as Laudner explained Iowa’s political topography — the 99 counties, the caucus math, the glut of disengaged Iowans who might be persuaded to come out for the right candidate.

Trump later brought the couple aboard his Boeing 757, where they sat in plush leather chairs with gold-plated seat-belt buckles and sipped soft drinks. Trump tried to make a deal — and Laudner was sold. The Trump candidacy would soon be born, and the businessman would try to win over Iowa just as he had won over Laudner: by the power of his own seduction.

There was yet a third playbook: that of Marco Rubio. The senator from Florida banked on rising late. His supporters grumbled that he showed disdain for the campaign grind; during a five-day Iowa swing in November, he took the third day off to watch football.

But Rubio believed that Iowa could be won with an air war and a late burst of activity. In the final three weeks, his ads were ubiquitous on televisions here. As he crossed the state last weekend sounding an optimistic call for Republican unity, his campaign paid to beam a 30-minute video of him on the stump into homes in each of Iowa’s media markets.

Rubio’s strategy proved highly effective as he surged to a surprisingly strong third place, just one percentage point behind Trump.

But in a state that has long rewarded conservatives who put religion at the fore, and in a political era dictated by data analytics, Cruz won on the strength of both. His message was perfectly tuned to Iowa conservatives, he used his web of relationships to try to unite evangelical leaders, and he invested deeply in data and turnout organization. By caucus day, Cruz had 11,986 volunteers in Iowa and trained captains at nearly all of the 1,681 precincts.

“We formed the philosophy that our campaign would be waged by neighbors telling their neighbors who to vote for, and we needed to set up every piece and shred of data to allow that to happen,” said Jeff Roe, Cruz’s campaign manager.

That approach was paying off by the beginning of the year. Cruz had a clear lead in the polls. His list of endorsements was growing by the day. Crowds were swelling, even when he stopped by gas stations near midnight.

On a six-day, 28-stop bus tour in early January through far-flung pockets of Iowa, Cruz sounded triumphant. “Father God, please, keep this awakening going,” he said in Mason City.

Still, two threats started to emerge.

Rubio’s “peak late” strategy was ramping up, and he started to directly engage Cruz with a new fervor. He also began talking about his faith everywhere he went.

Rubio had a model in Sen. Joni Ernst (R-Iowa), who has found support from both the right and the center of Iowa’s GOP going back to 2014, when she navigated a crowded primary in spite of her ties to the party establishment. Rubio was guided by Ernst’s strategist, Todd Harris, who recognized that suburban Republicans could compete with the state’s conservative wing.

“We went fishing where the fishes are,” Harris said. “We knew exactly who the voters we wanted to talk to were. A lot of them were suburban. It’s no surprise [Rubio] was dubbed the ‘mayor of Ankeny.’ People made a lot of fun at that, but we knew what we were doing.”

Then there was Trump. Around the beginning of the year, his gut was telling him he could be the winner. He started to attack hard, hitting Cruz on his Canadian birth, on previously undisclosed loans, on his “nasty” reputation in Washington.

“I am putting myself a little bit out there,” Trump said in an interview in the boys’ locker room at Muscatine High School, where he held a rally late last month. “If I come in second, I come in second. I think we’re going to come in first, frankly. I could say, ‘Oh, well, I just want to do well . . .’ ”

Trump rolled his eyes. “I want to win,” he said. “I want to win.”

Hours after Trump’s June 16 announcement that he was running, he flew to Des Moines for his first rally. Attendees at the Hoyt Sherman auditorium were revved up. The reigning Miss Iowa was there. Cub Scouts recited the Pledge of Allegiance. With Neil Young’s “Keep On Rocking in the Free World” blaring, Trump was surrounded as he slowly made his way down the aisle.

As he left the rally, Trump asked campaign manager Corey Lewandowski, “Why aren’t we going to win this state?”

Trump’s on-again, off-again romance with Iowa had begun. He would spar with the state’s biggest newspaper, the Des Moines Register, and bar its reporters from his events. When Ben Carson briefly surpassed him in the polls in the fall, he took to the stage in Fort Dodge and wondered resentfully, “How stupid are the people of Iowa?”

But Trump always believed he could will himself to victory here. Early on, Laudner, director of Trump’s Iowa campaign, described the strategy in the state as a “parallel campaign.” Rather than focusing on the roughly 120,000 Republicans who regularly caucus, he targeted nontraditional voters — “people who wouldn’t be caught dead at a Republican event.”

That included Trump’s lieutenants. Tana Goertz, a political neophyte best known for being a runner-up on Trump’s NBC show “The Apprentice,” was tapped as Iowa co-chair. She used her own celebrity as a former spokeswoman for the Bedazzler, a rhinestone-setting machine popular with home-crafts enthusiasts, to draw in volunteers.

One brisk night last week, Goertz was at Trump’s Iowa headquarters carrying a carton of beads and shiny plastic gems as she headed out to a call center. She rewarded the most dedicated volunteers by Bedazzling their “Make America Great Again” T-shirts and hats.

Goertz also recorded a cheery YouTube video with instructions on how to caucus. It was viewed more than 200,000 times.

During the summer, as Trump whipped up throngs of fans from Alabama to Arizona, aides drove a hulking royal-blue bus around Iowa, wowing locals and signing up potential supporters.

By late August, Trump had surged to the lead for the first time in the Register’s Iowa poll.

But he had difficulty sustaining his momentum. Enthusiasm for Carson was growing. Trump’s flippant comment at an August gathering of evangelicals that he occasionally had a “little cracker” when he attended church and rarely, if ever, asked God for forgiveness sowed doubts about his character.

His operation now had a dozen staffers in Iowa, but his organizing was shrouded in mystery. Republican operatives became dubious and saw little evidence of a Trump ground game.

While other campaigns happily showcased packed phone banks and detailed complex data applications, Trump’s did neither. After years of being a favorite source of quotations for Iowa reporters, Laudner went, in his words, “radio silent.”

From his first trip to Iowa three summers ago, Cruz was plotting his path to the caucuses.

Cruz’s father, Rafael, journeyed to every corner of the state, again and again, huddling with pastors and preaching in churches. He told the story of his emigration from Cuba and testified to Ted’s character, conviction and conservatism.

To run his Iowa campaign, Cruz interviewed several seasoned consultants but settled on a former Baptist pastor named Bryan English who had deep ties to the evangelical networks led by Rep. Steve King and Bob Vander Plaats, head of the conservative group the Family Leader. English was an unusual hire, but the move underscored Cruz’s strategy.

“Do you set up your operation with a bunch of khaki-slacks, blue-blazer clowns?” Roe, Cruz’s campaign manager, asked. “Or do you set it up with an activist?”

Back at national headquarters in Houston, Roe and his team invested several million dollars in a data analytics operation. There were about 175,000 Republicans in Iowa who had participated in a presidential caucus, and Cruz’s statisticians and behavioral psychologists set out to learn everything they could about them.

The campaign conducted “psychological targeting” of likely caucus-goers, building its own version of a Myers-Briggs personality test to categorize Republicans so it could send them personally tailored phone calls, mail and other messages.

Sitting in his office last week, with war-strategy tomes by Sun Tzu and Carl von Clausewitz stacked on his desk, English looked out at the bustling phone bank, which on this afternoon included Rafael Cruz.

“If anybody goes to caucus and says, ‘I haven’t seen Ted Cruz,’ I want it to be their fault, not ours,” English said.

For the first six months of the campaign, he was the lone Cruz staffer in Iowa, and he worked out of the basement of his home. By August, though, there was a headquarters in Urbandale, then more staffers. The team grew to 20, and Cruz rented out a dormitory building in Des Moines — “Camp Cruz” — to house volunteers from Texas and other places who came in the final month to help canvass.

Cruz peeled supporters from former senator Rick Santorum of Pennsylvania and former Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee, who together won the past two caucuses with heavy support from evangelicals and home-school parents. Cruz also targeted the libertarian followers of former congressman Ron Paul, whose son, Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.), was proving to be less popular than his father in his presidential bid.

By January, the Cruz campaign had so much information about Iowa Republicans that it believed it could pinpoint exactly which ones were certain to caucus for Cruz, which were undecided and which were leaning toward competitors.

Ten days before the caucuses, the internal data (based on a turnout of 150,000 people, which would set a new record) showed that 19,186 were certain to be with Cruz. About 1,400 had supported him at one point but had turned to another candidate; they got personal phone calls from Ted; his wife, Heidi; or Rafael Cruz in a push to win them back.

Only 15,626 people were certain to caucus for Trump, according to the figures. The Cruz campaign believed it was winning.

The decision facing Trump was straightforward: shower attention on Iowa in the final days, only to risk a humbling defeat, or turn to New Hampshire and South Carolina, the next two states to vote, where he enjoyed substantial leads.

The real estate magnate chose to roll the dice, propelled, in part, by his irritation at watching television pundits say that Cruz was likely to win.

So Trump reminded Iowans, again and again, about Cruz’s opposition to federal renewable-fuel standards, an issue critical to the state’s powerful ethanol industry. In that, Trump had an ally in Gov. Terry Branstad (R), who broke his neutrality to call for Cruz’s defeat.

Trump also raised questions about Cruz’s Canadian birth, first in an interview with The Washington Post and then at almost every rally and on TV. The issue dogged Cruz: A man dressed in a Royal Canadian Mounted Police uniform trailed him, and a super PAC supporting Rubio ran an ad depicting Cruz’s face inside Canada’s iconic maple leaf. Huckabee’s super PAC aired a provocative ad suggesting that Cruz was “a millionaire that brags about his faith” but does not tithe.

There were signs that the right was not united behind Cruz. Former vice-presidential nominee Sarah Palin, a tea party and evangelical heroine, endorsed Trump at a splashy rally in Ames.

The nightly surveys conducted by the Cruz campaign showed that Palin was a boon for Trump — 67 percent of Iowa Republicans had heard of her endorsement, and of them, 19 percent were more likely to support Trump. Only 13 percent were less likely to.

A few days later, Trump won the backing of Jerry Falwell Jr., son of the late televangelist and president of Liberty University. The two men campaigned together across Iowa the weekend before the caucuses.

Rubio also was making an overt play for evangelical support, airing ads about his faith and opposition to abortion, and talking on the stump about God as if he were a Sunday school teacher.

Not everyone was sure that Rubio’s embrace of the religious right would work; some thought he was going too far in his attempt to win Iowa. “Rubio’s mistake is that he’s moved too far toward the Christian right when he should be focused on the mainstream,” Doug Gross, an unaffiliated Iowa Republican power broker, said in December.

Attendees at Rubio’s events often would say that they were drawn to him not out of passion but out of a desire to back someone more moderate who had a chance to win in the general election.

At a Rubio stop in the late fall in West Des Moines, Carol and Pete Click said they drove through an icy mush and argued politely along the way about the senator from Florida. Pete, 65, a retired business owner, said he wasn’t enthusiastic, but Carol urged her husband to give Rubio a second look.

“All right, I’m open to it,” Pete told his wife. “I’m tired of the establishment, but Trump is a problem and maybe he needs to be stopped here.”

Carol replied with a chuckle. “We’ve never caucused” for someone with a chance of winning the general election. “It’s about time.”

In the past two weeks, Rubio shifted as he saw an opening with Cruz and Trump bloodying each other. He kept up his citation of Bible passages and channeled voter anger, but began to speak more of his ability to bring the party together as others clashed. He was a bridge-builder with conservative credentials.

It worked. Entrance polls of caucus-goers showed that he won over voters in Iowa who waited until the final week to choose a candidate.

On the eve of the caucuses, Cruz returned to Des Moines for a Sunday evening rally at the state fairgrounds.

The crowd was deeply religious, with children wearing church youth-group T-shirts and two elderly couples up front holding hands in prayer. The videos that played on oversize screens before Cruz went on featured soaring guitar chords mixed with testimonials from conservative leaders. Rep. Steve King rallied the crowd with an introduction that assured people Cruz was spoon-fed the Constitution and the Bible as a child.

Cruz cast himself as the one true conservative in the race. “Stand with us. Caucus for us. If we stand together, we will win.”

The crowd roared. A day later, they stood with him.",1
4947,"Stronger together? Yes, Mrs. Clinton, but what does 'together' really mean?","Hillary Clinton and the Democrats say America is stronger together. But they're not yet living up to the unifying spirit of their slogan.

Because I needed props for a theatrical performance, I bought campaign paraphernalia from several of the final candidates. So, snuggled together on the shelf behind my desk, I have a Trump hat, a Hillary T-shirt, a Bernie coffee mug, and a couple of Cruz buttons.

As you can imagine, people are often confused by the collection. They have never seen all four of those items in the same place at the same time. But isn’t that actually an accurate portrait of what Hillary Clinton’s slogan, “stronger together,” means?

Because of my work, which is building bridges across the partisan divide, I sent my recent book to the Clinton and Trump campaigns. I received responses from both. From the vice-chair of her campaign, Huma Abedin, I received a very courteous note thanking me for supporting her candidate and wishing me much success with the book. And from “Team Trump” I received a thank you letter and two bumper stickers that say (guess what?): “Make America Great Again!”

But let me set the record straight. When “Team Trump” told me they were “honored to call me a valuable member of our team and to work with us on rescuing the future of our country,” I realized that they had not taken my letter seriously. I was not volunteering to join their campaign. I was asking them to change the way they were campaigning. I asked them to read my book because I wanted their standard-bearer to unite America, not divide it. Obviously, they are not listening.

And although I strongly prefer Secretary Clinton to Mr. Trump for president, I was not volunteering to work on her campaign, either. I sent my book because I wanted the Clinton campaign to change its tone as well.

I watched Clinton speak recently to a crowd of 3,000 ardent fans in a packed high school gymnasium in Colorado.  Carefully positioned behind Hillary so that the cameras would see her, a lone dissenter held up a cloth banner that read “Stop DNC Corruption” and shouted out the same message denouncing the Democratic National Committee. But Clinton supporters around her held up their blue placards with the words “Stronger Together” so that she and her protest sign soon became invisible.

It is just one detail on the campaign trail, of course. But it was a telling moment because it reminds us that “stronger together” is not just a slogan for getting elected. Just as the words “Make America Great Again” cannot be reduced to blindly endorsing an egomaniac, “Stronger Together” cannot be reduced to rallying around one remarkable woman. Unless it means something more than that, it feels more like George Orwell’s “newspeak” than an uplifting call for unity.

The protester being silenced and surrounded was a Bernie Sanders supporter. She was an older, solitary woman who still harbored a grudge about how her hero from Vermont had been treated by DNC Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz and her staff. If the next president of the United States cannot include her in the “stronger together” tent, then what exactly does “together” mean?

While the Sanders dissenter was being escorted from the gym, Clinton was repeating one of her favorite lines from her convention speech.  “I want to be the president for all Americans,” she shouted over the raucous applause. “Democrats, Republicans, and Independents!”

Despite that admirable rhetoric, neither campaign currently embodies the deepest meaning of “stronger together.” Before Clinton spoke, for example, no independents or Republicans were invited to speak. To make matters worse, when US Rep. Ed Perlmutter (D) of Colorado opened the event, he welcomed the audience by shouting out a welcome to all the “Colorado Democrats” present in the room.

Like 4 in 10 Americans, I am an Independent. I know for a fact that there were many of us, as well as Republicans, in the gym. Yet the congressman’s welcome was only to members of his party. His words contradicted what Clinton was claiming she wanted to be – a president for “all Americans.” And it undermined the slogan being waved madly in the air by the crowd.

So if “stronger together” is going to be the mantra for the Clinton campaign, let’s take it seriously.

• We need to learn from those who disagree with us, not demonize them.

• We commit ourselves to developing a healthy relationship with our adversaries, not treating them like “enemies.”

• We focus on meeting the challenges facing our country (problem-solving) rather than being “right” (position-taking).

• We remember that after campaigning comes governing, and whoever wins needs to be able to lead our country effectively in a troubled world.

In other words, let’s not just carry the banner. Let’s behave that way toward others. If we actually want to be “stronger together,” let’s not just shout it; let’s be it.

– Mark Gerzon, president of Mediators Foundation, is the author of ""The Reunited States of America; How We Can Cross the Partisan Divide."" He writes his Beyond Red & Blue blog exclusively for Politics Voices.",1
270,"Rep. Jason Chaffetz launches bid for House speaker, shaking up GOP leadership race","The Republican chairman of a high-profile House committee on Sunday shook up the race to succeed outgoing Speaker John A. Boehner, launching a challenge to the heavy favorite, Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy.

The bid by Rep. Jason Chaffetz (Utah), chairman of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, comes amid unrest from conservatives driven by doubts that McCarthy (Calif.) will be any more inclined than Boehner to embrace the right flank of the House Republican Conference.

Chaffetz said on ""Fox News Sunday"" that he was “recruited” by members displeased with McCarthy’s ascent and that he would “bridge the divide” in the House GOP.

[Chaffetz to run against McCarthy for House speaker]

“You don’t just give an automatic promotion to the existing leadership team,” he said. “That doesn’t signal change. I think [House Republicans] want a fresh face and fresh new person who is actually there at the leadership table in the speaker’s role.”

Chaffetz’s remarks not only reflect tensions between conservatives and establishment Republicans, but also concerns about McCarthy’s ability to communicate with the GOP base and the public at large. Those concerns grew after McCarthy made comments last week suggesting that a House investigation into the 2012 attacks on a U.S. diplomatic compound and a CIA annex in Benghazi, Libya, stemmed from political motivations.

[McCarthy’s comments on Benghazi probe may be a political gift to Clinton]

“We need somebody who’s out there who is actually going out there and making the case to the American people, talking to the Senate about what we need to do, and going on the national television shows and winning that argument,” Chaffetz said. “We don’t seem to win the argument, and that’s a problem.”

Chaffetz has spent his four House terms working his way to the top of the Oversight Committee, a post that makes him the GOP’s prime attack dog against President Obama’s administration. He is well versed in the hand-to-hand political combat of cable news and talk radio and has become the party’s face on a variety of issues, including Secret Service failures and government funding for Planned Parenthood.

He made headlines this week after an inspector general’s report found that a top Secret Service executive suggested leaking information that Chaffetz had been passed over for an agent’s job years ago in retaliation for his committee’s aggressive investigations.

But McCarthy retains considerable advantages ahead of the closed-door GOP leadership elections set for Thursday. He enjoys a week’s head start in building support, a ready-made political infrastructure, and close relationships across the Republican conference built during his stint as the GOP’s chief House candidate recruiter ahead of the 2010 midterm elections.

In Thursday’s party elections, a speaker candidate need only win the backing of a simple majority of those voting to become the Republican nominee. But unlike other leadership posts, the speaker is chosen in a subsequent floor vote of all House members, and the House’s 246 Republicans will be under no obligation to select the party nominee.

No Democrats are expected to back McCarthy or any other Republican, so the nominee cannot afford to lose the support of more than 28 GOP members.

Chaffetz suggested that McCarthy does not have that level of support: “There are nearly 50 people and a growing number that will not and cannot vote for Kevin McCarthy as the speaker on the floor. He’s going to fall short of the 218 votes on the floor of House.”

But Chaffetz has weaknesses of his own. He has received mixed reviews of his tenure as the Oversight Committee chairman, with conservative commentators recently accusing him of squandering a hearing last week featuring the president of Planned Parenthood, Cecile Richards. And Chaffetz, who criticized McCarthy’s comments on the Benghazi investigation, has his own history of bombastic and controversial remarks.

He also played a role in a key episode that fanned conservative outrage against establishment Republicans, stripping an Oversight subcommittee chairman of his gavel in retaliation for breaking with leaders on a June procedural vote. That member, Rep. Mark Meadows (R-N.C.), went on to file a rare motion to vacate the speaker’s chair, accelerating Boehner’s departure.

Chaffetz said Sunday that he “learned from that lesson, that you’re not going to do things by cutting people off at the knees.”

“I think I’m better for it, and I think Mark is better for it, and we’re certainly good friends on this day,” he said.

Meadows agreed Sunday that bygones are bygones: “Any emphasis placed on past disagreements would be misguided and is certainly not a factor in this race for me.”

Chaffetz will audition alongside McCarthy and a third speaker candidate, Rep. Daniel Webster (R-Fla.), in closed-door meetings this week scheduled ahead of the Thursday elections. A Tuesday evening session sponsored by hard-line conservative groups, including the increasingly influential House Freedom Caucus, could be especially crucial.

Webster, a back-bencher who has emphasized the need for procedural improvements, has won some support from conservatives, but his appeal across the conference is limited. A previous speaker bid, challenging Boehner in January, garnered 12 votes.

The stakes of the speaker’s race were heightened in recent days after the Treasury Department announced that Congress must act to raise the federal debt ceiling on or about Nov. 5 — less than a week after Boehner leaves office.

An effort by Boehner to pass a debt-limit increase in his final days with mainly Democratic votes — as happened last week on a 10-week government funding extension — could further weaken McCarthy, who as majority leader is considered to be in control of the floor agenda.

Chaffetz said Sunday that “we’re just not going to unilaterally raise the debt limit” and suggested that he would take cues from members who overwhelmingly support using the deadline as leverage in spending negotiations with Obama.

“As the speaker, you’ve got to take the will of our body, appreciate and respect the process, and then go fight for that,” he said.",1
234,Hillary Clinton showed us a glimpse of her soul at Benghazi hearings. It was chilling,"I did not watch the Benghazi hearings, unlike many others, in hopes of catching Secretary Clinton out, with my ears perked up for some admission that could sink her presidential ambitions.

Secretary Clinton did not disappoint in her performance on Thursday.

She admitted to no wrongdoing, nor to breaking any laws.

Mistakes were made by others, the fault lies elsewhere.

She put up with hours and hours of questions, and no one laid a glove on her. 

 

 Secretary Clinton was far more adept at bobbing and weaving than the members of Congress who questioned her were at pinning her down.

She brushed off blame by saying security decisions were handled at lower levels of the State Department professional staff, not by the secretary.

She didn't receive Ambassador Stevens' requests for more security -- implying that if only she had things might have turned out differently.

It was a masterful performance. She showed enormous discipline and nearly super-human stamina.



She let nothing slip. But in the end she let everything slip. She got a perfect score, but failed the test.

She didn't mean to, but she showed us a glimpse into her soul.

It was chilling.

 

 We now know that when Secretary Clinton met the plane carrying the bodies of the four Americans who died at Benghazi that the Obama administration had intially lied about what happened.

She stood over the flag-draped coffins of four dead Americans knowing that the first narrative blamed their deaths on an Internet video, which caused a demonstration outside the consulate to turn into a deadly attack, when she already knew the truth.

She looked into the eyes of the families of the fallen heroes knowing all about that.

She always knew they died from a planned terrorist attack from an Al Qaeda-like group. That's what she told her family and foreign leaders according to newly released emails.

So why support the false narrative at the start? Because the Obama administration had an election to win eight weeks later, and a terrorist attack that killed four Americans didn't fit into that plan.

 

 President Obama asked voters to reelect him because he had killed Usama bin Laden. Al Qaeda was on the ropes. Qaddafi was dead and the Libyan war a success. The wave of war was a receding. President George W. Bush's War on Terror was over because Obama and Clinton had won it.

 

 A terrorist attack that killed Americans at Benghazi did not fit into that campaign narrative, so it had to be retold and spun into a different story. It wasn't radical Islamist terrorists, but a spontaneous demonstration that got out of control in reaction to an obscure  Internet video.

 

 In the end, the Benghazi hearings probably didn't change many minds.

Secretary Clinton's supporters will say it was a waste of time, a politically motivated witchhunt.

Secretary Clinton's detractors will say she never answered the questions.

But for me it wasn't the questions or the answers that mattered.

It wasn't about negligence or criminality or incompetence.

Instead it was -- and still is -- about character. And Secretary Clinton has been found wanting.

The even greater tragedy is Secretary Clinton doesn’t think she did anything wrong.  In today’s Washington integrity and truth telling -- even to mourning families -- take a backseat to the relentless pursuit of power.

No wonder the rest of the country wants to throw all the bums out.



Kathleen Troia ""K.T."" McFarland is a Fox News National Security Analyst and host of FoxNews.com's ""DefCon 3."" She served in national security posts in the Nixon, Ford and Reagan administrations",1
3505,Orlando: The mainstream media serves up a false narrative about terror attack,"Editor's note: The following column originally appeared on The Resurgent website. It is reprinted with permission.

In the first 48 hours since the horrific mass shooting in Orlando, the worst terror attack on American soil since 9/11, the public has seen wall-to-wall media coverage of the events.

The false narrative emerging from the media seeks to make a few points, all of which are red herrings and straw men designed to take attention from the truth.

• The shooter, Omar Mateen, was homophobic because he hated gays.

• Mateen was unstable because he was mean and beat his wife

• Mateen had too much unfettered access to guns

Story after story references these points, and they quote each other liberally (take the pun as you wish). Fox News and other media outlets reported comments by a coworker at security firm G4S who called him ""toxic"" and ""unhinged."" The Times of London quoted CNN, about his first wife, ""He was mentally unstable and mentally ill."" Anti-gun New York Daily News quoted NBC News, who spoke to Mateen's father Seddique Matteen, who insisted the rampage had nothing to do with religion.

The Washington Post also did a story on Seddique Mateen defending his son.

“He had a child and a wife, and was very dignified, meaning he had respect for his parents,” Seddique Mateen wrote, standing in front of the flag of his apparent birthplace, Afghanistan. “I don’t know what caused him to shoot last night.”

The shooter's father has close connections with his native Afghanistan, and has traveled back there as recently as 2014, even interviewing Afghan President Ashraf Ghani in Kabul, according to the Washington Post. He made a series of Youtube videos praising the Taliban and railing against the U.S.

The Boston Globe appears to be at a complete loss as to Mateen's motive for the killings, because there's no actual proof (besides the killer's own words pledging allegiance is ISIS) he was tied to any jihadist causes.

While Mateen claimed allegiance to Islamic State leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, no evidence had emerged by late Sunday pointing to actual ties to terrorist groups or a significant association with jihadist causes.

Yes, they actually wrote that. Apparently a confession isn't evidence to them.

We can either accept the media narrative, that some unknown complex mix of motives drove this mentally ill man to buy readily available assault weapons and kill people he simply hated for no reason, or we can apply Occam's Razor--the simplest explanation is usually the correct one.

•The Quran teaches that homosexuality is wrong and punishable by death (not just ""God himself will punish those involved in homosexuality. This, is not for the servants"" of God, which Seddique Mateen said). In some Sharia-law Muslim countries, it actually is punished by death. Certainly ISIS punishes homosexuality by death.

• Many Muslim men are brought up and taught to beat their wives--that this is the correct way to administer discipline in the home. This kind of behavior is common in the Islamic world, where women are not valued as anything more than property.

• Mateen had a clean record, worked as a security guard, kept himself in excellent physical condition, and trained for his jihad. This was not a crime of opportunity, or of passion. It was a planned operation. The ""mentally ill"" narrative offers no hard evidence at this point. He bought weapons because, despite the FBI having investigated him, nothing of concern was noted that would prevent him from doing so. This is a failure of the intelligence and law enforcement system, not our Second Amendment rights.

• The attack was absolutely religiously motivated. You didn't see Mateen attacking the Orlando Islamic Center, the mosque he attended, because he didn't like the people there. You didn't see the people with whom he worshipped calling the FBI or the local authorities to report Mateen acting weird or talking about killing people.

The simplest explanation is that Mateen was a radicalized Muslim, who moved easily with other radicalized Muslims, some of whom are probably living their lives in Orlando. Only now would the FBI be interviewing those people and find connections.

The press is weaving a false narrative to fashion a complex explanation for a simple problem. We have a cancer of radical Islam growing in America. Political correctness, the inability of our president to accept the problem because of his beliefs about Islam being a religion of peace, and impossible restrictions placed on federal, state and local law enforcement have made this crime possible.

Our government is ignoring the cancer and it will continue to grow, as long as the country keeps buying the media's spin.

Steve Berman is a Georgia-based software entrepreneur and blogger who writes at The Resurgent, Erick Erickson’s home on the web. Follow him on Twitter @lifeofgrace224.",1
1949,"Jeb Bush Smoked Marijuana, Bullied Other Students In High School","Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush smoked marijuana while in high school, a personal use of the drug that stands in contrast to his later political stance on the plant.

“I drank alcohol and I smoked marijuana when I was at Andover,” Bush, the current Republican frontrunner seeking his party's 2016 presidential nomination, told the Boston Globe as part of a detailed new profile that describes his time at Phillips Academy in Andover, Massachusetts. Both George H.W. Bush, Jeb's father, and George W. Bush, his brother, also attended the prestigious private school.

“It was pretty common,"" Bush said of his substance use during that time. A former classmate of Bush's, Peter Tibbetts, recalled to the newspaper that the first time he ever smoked marijuana was with Bush, in some woods near their dorm.

“The first time I really got stoned was in Jeb’s room,” Tibbetts told the Globe. “He had a portable stereo with removable speakers. He put on Steppenwolf for me.” Tibbetts was eventually forced to leave the boarding school after being accused of using drugs.

As a politician, Bush has not embraced marijuana. He spent much of his time as Florida governor championing jail instead of treatment for nonviolent drug offenders, and pushed for mandatory prison sentences for drug offenders -- with the exception of his daughter, Noelle, who has struggled with crack cocaine use.

More recently, while acknowledging that states should ""have a right"" to decide on the legalization of marijuana, Bush publicly opposed an amendment to legalize medical marijuana in Florida.

""Florida leaders and citizens have worked for years to make the Sunshine State a world-class location to start or run a business, a family-friendly destination for tourism and a desirable place to raise a family or retire,” Bush said before the November midterm election. ""Allowing large-scale marijuana operations to take root across Florida, under the guise of using it for medicinal purposes, runs counter to all of these efforts.""

“You would think he’d have a little more understanding then,” Paul, who may be a rival to Bush in the Republican primary, told The Hill Friday. “He was even opposed to medical marijuana. This is a guy who now admits he smoked marijuana but he wants to put people in jail who do.""

The Globe also spoke to some of Bush's former classmates, who recalled a ""physically imposing"" young man who was seen as intimidating by some and a bully by others. Tibbetts recalled a story to the newspaper of an occasion during their boarding school days when he and Bush taunted a smaller student who lived in their dorm by sewing his pajama bottoms so that the student couldn't put them on.

Bush told the Globe he didn't remember the incident or any other bullying, and was surprised that some of his former classmates viewed him that way. “I don’t believe that is true,” Bush said, adding that it was more than 40 years ago and not possible for him to remember.

It isn't the first time that allegations of bullying have surfaced about Bush's high school years. Another classmate of Bush's told Vanity Fair in 2001 that he remembered Bush as a bully as well, and that there was ""a kind of arrogance"" about him during his time at Andover.",1
3235,Ted Cruz says motivating conservatives is key to winning White House,"PALM BEACH, Fla. -- Ted Cruz may not be running for anything yet, but the senator from Texas nevertheless presented his theory here Friday night for why a presidential candidate like him would be best positioned to win back the White House for Republicans.

The conventional wisdom in political circles has been that to win a presidential election again, Republicans must broaden their appeal to more moderate swing voters, especially women, minorities and young people. It's a message former Florida governor Jeb Bush, a favorite of the party establishment, has repeatedly delivered as he prepares for an all-but-certain presidential run.

But Cruz, also a likely 2016 candidate, has a different take. He argued in some detail to a gathering of elite conservative donors that a Republican candidate could win only if he or she motivates more conservative activists, especially evangelical Christians, to vote. He posited that former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney and Sen. John McCain (Ariz.) lost to President Obama in 2008 and 2012 because ""millions of conservatives"" who cast ballots for President George W. Bush's reelection stayed home the following two cycles.

""How do we bring back to the polls the millions of conservatives who stayed home? If they stay home, we lose,"" Cruz said at a dinner Friday night for the Club for Growth, attended by roughly 200 of the fiscally conservative group's wealthy members.

Cruz took a swipe at Bush's father, former president George H.W. Bush. Cruz said Bush ran for his first term as a conservative promising a third Reagan term, but in office raised taxes and became ""kindler and gentler"" -- a line that drew laughter from the crowd. Cruz argued that Bush lost his reelection because he was not sufficiently conservative.

Cruz drew a sharp contrast with Jeb Bush over education policy, describing Common Core, which Bush backs, as ""national standards being dictated from Washington controlling the education of our kids.""

In his remarks, which including a question-and-answer session stretched for 70 minutes, Cruz lambasted what he sees as crony political leaders in both parties. He said conservative voters don't trust politicians anymore because ""they've been lied to too many times."" And he lashed out at what he dubbed ""this small cabal of consultants in Washington"" who keep running Republican campaigns, losing, and ""coming back to donors saying, 'Cut us a check to go make the exact same mistake all over again.'""

Cruz said too many Republicans run ""an almost Soviet-style campaign,"" whereas he signaled he would run a grass-roots-oriented campaign empowering what he called ""political entrepreneurs."" In his 2012 Senate race, he said, he tried to ""nakedly, shamelessly copy"" Obama's 2008 campaign strategy and ordered his aides to read Obama campaign manager David Plouffe's memoir.

Cruz, who was accompanied at The Breakers, an iconic Palm Beach resort, by his wife and two daughters, basked in a warm reception from members of the Club for Growth, which provided substantial resources to help his underdog primary campaign for Senate in 2012. ""I do know for a fact that I would not be in the United States Senate if it were not for the Club for Growth,"" Cruz said.

Cruz received hearty applause when he said, ""We should abolish the IRS."" He also called for abolishing the Export-Import Bank, a contentious issue within the Republican Party as House Speaker John A. Boehner (Ohio) and many business leaders support the bank. And he called for loosening or ending of federal regulations across the board.

""We have seen regulations descend from Washington like locusts on small businesses across this country,"" Cruz said.",1
2900,Netanyahu — Flanked by Boehner — Calls for 'Better Deal' with Iran,"He made the comments before meeting in Jerusalem with the speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives, John Boehner, a leading Republican and strong critic of the White House's policy on Iran.

""Now is the time for the international community to insist on a better deal,"" Netanyahu said in a televised statement delivered in English.

""A better deal would significantly roll back Iran's nuclear infrastructure. A better deal would link the eventual lifting of the restrictions on Iran's nuclear programme to a change in Iran's behaviour,"" he said, citing threats to annihilate Israel and accusing Tehran of fomenting regional conflict.

Netanyahu said on Tuesday that a framework agreement sought by international negotiators to rein in Iran's nuclear programme would leave it with the capability to develop atomic weapons within a year.

Six world powers and Iran went beyond a midnight deadline and were continuing to negotiate in the Swiss city of Lausanne on Wednesday, having failed to agree on crucial details such as the lifting of U.N. sanctions.

Israel, which is believed to have the Middle East's only nuclear arsenal, is not a party to the negotiations.

Iran was expected to be high on the agenda of Netanyahu's talks with Boehner, who is visiting the region with a Republican delegation.

Avoiding stepping deeper into controversy with the White House over the issue, neither Boehner nor Netanyahu mentioned the nuclear talks in comments to reporters at the Israeli leader's office.

Boehner's invitation to Netanyahu to address the U.S. Congress last month on the Iranian issue drew accusations that both men were pursuing partisan politics at the expense of traditionally wide support for Israel on Capitol Hill.

""The bonds between the United States and Israel are as strong as ever,"" Boehner said. ""Our two countries cooperate on many different levels and while we may have political disagreements from time to time, the bonds between our two nations are strong and they're going to continue to be strong.""

Congress has cautioned it would consider imposing new sanctions on Iran if there was no agreement in Lausanne this week. President Barack Obama has threatened to veto any such sanctions moves.

Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has said that if a framework deal is reached, lawmakers would consider a bill that would require Obama to submit a final accord for Congress' approval.",1
623,Inside the swing-state playbooks,"The election in 232 photos, 43 numbers and 131 quotes, from the two candidates at the center of it all.",1
4840,A suburban tide against Trump could sink his election bid,"The USA TODAY Network is spending time in eight counties in eight states, exploring the key electoral themes that could decide this fall’s election. Each week from now until the election, we will feature a different one. The series debuted last week with a look at Waukesha County in Wisconsin. Today: Chester County in Pennsylvania.

WEST CHESTER, Pa. — At age 48, Patty Mapa can't remember ever voting for a Democrat for president.

The substitute kindergarten teacher, who was shopping for fresh produce with her husband and daughter at the West Chester Growers Market in this Philadelphia suburb on a recent day, worries the billionaire businessman is ""negative, just very divisive, and erratic."" She's less than thrilled about casting her ballot for Democrat Hillary Clinton — ""There's that dark little cloud"" when it comes to trustworthiness, she says — but on this Mapa is certain: ""I am voting against Trump.""

The biggest swing in the American electorate this year is happening among white, college-educated voters like Mapa. They are a big and growing group — an estimated 23% of the electorate four years ago and expected to be a bit more this year — and they have voted Republican in every presidential election since at least 1952. Four years ago, Mitt Romney won their support by a solid 14 percentage points, according to surveys of voters as they left polling places. But in the latest Pew Research Center poll, taken last month, Clinton led among whites who have a college degree by 14 points.

That may be the most dramatic partisan shift by a major demographic group from one presidential election to the next in modern American history.

In places like Chester County in Pennsylvania, Douglas County in Colorado, Delaware County in Ohio, Wake County in North Carolina and Fairfax County in Virginia, those changing allegiances create formidable problems for Trump in states he needs to win the White House. While national polls give the businessman and reality TV star a 2-1 lead among white voters who don't have a college education, Democrats' traditional appeal among minority voters and their new strength among better-educated whites, especially women, risk making an electoral majority all but out of reach for him.

Pennsylvania is a crucial state. Trump, Clinton and running mates Mike Pence and Tim Kaine all have campaigned here since the Democratic convention, and the Clinton campaign also has sent in Vice President Biden and former president Bill Clinton.

On a sunny Saturday near summer's end, the weekly farmers market tucked on an open lot in downtown West Chester is bustling with shoppers eyeing stacks of tomatoes and corn, six kinds of apples, early pumpkins and gourds, and homemade pies and cobblers.

Margot McKee, who works in real estate sales (and describes her age only as ""old enough to know better"") bought a maple oat muffin to eat later. In April, she voted for Trump in Pennsylvania's GOP primary. He trounced his rivals, winning 57% of the vote over Texas Sen. Ted Cruz (22%) and Ohio Gov. John Kasich (19%). But now she anguishes over what to do in November.

""I think he's done a great job in getting people's attention to some issues that have been neglected, and Congress is dysfunctional and politicians are dysfunctional, and they don't seem willing to do their jobs,"" she begins. But she says Trump needs to ""grow up and learn to keep his mouth shut,"" first describing him as ""impossible"" and then calling him an unprintable epithet.

What about Clinton? McKee sighs. ""I'm drawn to her because of her experience and her even manner, but I'm not sure that she's honest,"" adding unhappily that ""the Clintons seem to know how to duck and bob.""

""I'm so disgusted I'm thinking that maybe I'm not going to vote,"" she muses, something she's never done before. ""But then, that's a cop-out.""

The four ""collar counties"" around Philadelphia — Bucks, Chester, Delaware and Montgomery — in the past have provided Republican margins to help neutralize the Democratic advantage in the city itself. In the past 12 presidential elections, Chester has voted for the Democratic candidate only once, in 2008. But Democrats have become increasingly competitive in the suburban counties, which include about a third of the state's voters. In 2012, Romney lost the other three and carried Chester by just two-tenths of a percentage point, the closest margin in the state.

The county has a population of about 516,000, and half have college degrees — the highest proportion in the state. Average household incomes are well above the state average; unemployment is well below, and voter turnout is high. Four years ago, seven in 10 of the voting-age citizens in Chester cast ballots. The county's residents are overwhelmingly white. Just 6% are African American, 7% Latino.

Even so, it is Trump's provocative rhetoric about Mexicans, Muslims and immigrants that seems to have created the biggest backlash among Chester County voters.

""Typically here, it's having a fiscal conservative that's most important to Chester County voters, but this race is transcending traditional issues,"" Chester County Republican Chairman Val DiGiorgio, a lawyer, says. ""What's important here and determinative here is whether Donald Trump can show himself to be someone who reaches out to a broader segment of the population, as opposed to what he did during the primaries. We're still waiting to see whether that's the case.""

DiGiorgio, who endorsed Florida Sen. Marco Rubio in the Republican primary, now supports Trump and is ""putting all our efforts to make sure he's elected president."" He says the New York billionaire has drawn more volunteers than usual to the local GOP organization.

But the Republican county committee's home page — which among other things offers GOP-branded wine made from grapes grown in Chester County — on Monday didn't mention Trump's name or the presidential race. The website's tab listing ""2016 candidates"" included statewide and local contenders, but not the top of the ticket.

To be fair, the home page of the Chester County Democratic Committee didn't mention Clinton, either, though she was listed on the ""2016 candidates"" tab. But a banner across the top of the page declared: ""If you don't vote the whole ballot, you are not doing your full part against Trumpism.""

Just how much impact Trump could have down the ballot is a worry for Republicans and a hope for Democrats. In a statewide Franklin & Marshall College Poll taken last month, Clinton led Trump by 7 points, 47%-40%, and Democratic Senate challenger Katie McGinty led incumbent Republican Pat Toomey by 5 points, 43%-38%. The hard-fought Keystone State race is one of a handful expected to determine control of the Senate.

""The fact is she’s the beneficiary of Clinton emerging into the lead,"" G. Terry Madonna, director of the poll and a professor of public affairs, says of McGinty. ""I think if it's five points or less, Toomey has a good chance of winning."" But if Clinton wins the state by more than 5 points, Trump may leave Toomey with too much ground to make up among voters willing to split their ticket.

Comitta, who is challenging three-term Republican incumbent Dan Truitt for the state House of Representatives, enthusiastically backs Clinton. But she generally tries to talk about local and state issues, not the national race, as she campaigns. She stops by the farmers market after a morning of walking door-to-door on this recent day, distributing fliers that don't mention party affiliation, instead describing her as ""Mom. Educator. Mayor.""

""I hear from some people who love her, some people who would never vote for her, and some who will vote for her because they can't imagine Trump being president,"" she says of Clinton. ""Because the two candidates are so polarizing, and I have to win my race, I'm not going there. ... That's a whole other conversation.""

Trump does have enthusiastic supporters in Chester County, and Linda Ives is one of them.

""You look at a human being as a body of work, and I think that the gentleman has without a doubt provided opportunities, job opportunities, for hundreds of thousands of people, and after watching his children at the convention, I was most impressed,"" says Ives, 54, a retired U.S. Army captain who now works as a consultant.

She also is motivated by fierce opposition to Clinton. She calls the former secretary of State ""a criminal"" for her role in the 2012 deaths of four Americans in Benghazi, Libya, and her carelessness with sending classified information on her private email server.

""If I had sent one unclassified email like that, I would be at Fort Leavenworth right now; I would be in jail,"" Ives says. She is concerned about Trump's ""delivery,"" but she also says unfair news coverage is contributing to his problems.

""I think people are embarrassed to say they're supporting Trump,"" she says. ""I think what's happening is — sorry, guys — the liberal media is just pushing the whole, 'The man is a ridiculous clown.' I mean, he's getting portrayed as a ridiculous clown, and the only people who are going to vote for him is the young, uneducated male. So people are then, 'I’m an educated person, why would I be stupid enough to vote for Trump?' ""

Indeed, the electoral shift among college-educated whites in just four years has been of historic proportions, particularly for such a large group of voters.

""In Donald Trump, you have a perfect storm of a candidate in terms of pressing buttons to sending white, college-educated voters, particularly women, in the other direction,"" says Ruy Teixeira, co-director of ""States of Change,"" a nonpartisan project that studies the impact of demographic trends on elections. ""These are not voters who are protectionist or anti-immigrant. He represents a type of Republicanism or strand of the Republican Party that they probably like the least.""

What's not clear yet is whether Republican-leaning voters like those in Chester County who plan to vote for Clinton this time will stick with Democrats down the road.

""Some of this is peculiar to Trump, but I do think that Trump's success reflects the way the bases of the two parties have changed,"" says political scientist Alan Abramowitz of Emory University. The 2016 race may accelerate long-term trends that are reshaping the historic perception of Democrats as the party of blue-collar workers and Republicans as the party of white-collar workers. ""Especially at the presidential level, now Republicans are the party of the white working class,"" Abramowitz says.

Meanwhile, Lisa Cromley, 53, a middle-school English and history teacher, shops at the farmers market and then drops by a Democratic campaign storefront around the corner.

""I am so concerned about Trump that I don't know where to begin,"" she says, then ticks off a list. ""I'm concerned that he doesn't know any issues; he's not a politician. He doesn't have a legal background; he really has a business background, and the business background he has isn't even something that I think translates. I'm concerned about his attitude toward most of the people who make up our pluralistic nation, our multicultural nation. I'm concerned that he doesn't think before he speaks.""

She picks up a yard sign and a bumper sticker for Clinton, hoping the public displays of support will encourage voters who may be reluctant to support her.

""But I try not to talk to people about this campaign,"" Cromley adds. ""It's so divisive.""

To report this series, the USA TODAY Network identified eight counties around the country that represent key voting groups in the November election, from blue-collar and college-educated voters to rural voters and Latinos. Journalists spent time with voters, political observers and experts in these eight counties — blue, red and purple — talking about the presidential candidates, the issues and the importance of this year’s election.

Our first story looks at GOP “base” voters in Waukesha County, Wis. In our second story, we talk to white, college-educated voters in Chester County, Pa. In the coming weeks, look for our coverage of the following counties: Wayne County, Mich.; Maricopa County, Ariz.; Union County, Iowa; Larimer County, Colo.; Clark County, Ohio; and Hillsborough County, Fla.",1
2361,Open carry comes to Texas: Why the Lone Star state will be safer in 2016,"With about 900,000 concealed handgun permit holders in Texas, there is a good chance that someone next you in a Lone Star State grocery store or restaurant is carrying a concealed handgun.  Starting Friday, Texas will join 44 other states that already allow people to openly carry handguns throughout the state.

Amidst today’s threats of terrorism and mass public shootings, it is a good thing when we enable people to legally carry guns and protect themselves.

Under the new law, a person will need a concealed handgun permit to be able to openly carry a gun.

If the experiences of other states are any guide, few people will actually openly carry their handguns.  Moreover, businesses can still prohibit guns or request that they be concealed.  However, the Chief Financial Officer of Kroger (America’s largest supermarket chain), has just said that the company will allow open carry. He says that the company hasn’t encountered any problems with open carry.  Other supermarket companies such as Whole Foods, Randall’s, and H-E-B, will be posting signs banning open carry. They will still be allowing concealed carry.

These bans may be short lived.  When Texas originally passed concealed carry in 1996, many stores initially posted signs banning concealed carry. With a few years, those signs all but disappeared.

An odd nuance in Texas law has led to much national attention in the last couple of years.  Before Friday, people were allowed to openly carry rifles, just not handguns.   No problems ever occurred, but simply the additional handling required for carrying rifle as opposed to keeping a holstered handgun, certainly created concern that something might go wrong.

Some, such as Michael Bloomberg’s Everytown advocacy group, put pressure on companies to ban openly carried rifles.

Hillary Clinton also chimed in: “The idea that you could have an open carry permit with an AK-47 over your shoulder walking down the isles of a Supermarket is just despicable.”

Starbucks, Jack in the Box, Chipotle, Wendy's, Applebee's, Chili’s and Sonic’s all “respectfully request” that customers not openly carry guns.  More importantly, however, they still allow people to carry a concealed gun.

Openly carrying handguns are less threatening than rifles and will likely face no greater P.R. issues than they have in other states.

But open carry has an important drawback.  It isn’t as effective as concealed carry in protecting people against terrorist attacks and mass public shootings.

Criminals and terrorists can strike anywhere and at any time.  They can attack someone who is openly carrying a gun.  Alternatively, they can select another target or wait for a more opportune moment.

Concealed carry is the most effective way of counteracting this strategic advantage.  A killer can’t attack a big grocery store in Texas without facing likely resistance.  And, of course, an attacker has no idea who might be packing heat.

Since at least 1950, all but two of the mass public shootings in the U.S. (and every single one in Europe) has occurred in a gun-free zone.

PoliceOne, the largest private organization of police officers in the US,  recently asked its 450,000 members: “Considering the particulars of recent [mass shooting] tragedies like Newtown and Aurora, what level of impact do you think a legally-armed citizen could have made?”  Eighty percent said: “Casualties would likely have been reduced.”

In the U.S., over 13 million American civilians are licensed to carry concealed handguns. Every day, permit holders stop crimes. But they have also stopped a large and growing number of mass public shootings.

Concealed carry in Texas isn’t as common as you may think – just over 4 percent of the state’s adult population has permits.  But the rate is more than twice as high in Pennsylvania and Florida, both also large states.

There’s a simple reason for this. Texas charges a permit fee of $140 – one of the highest in the country.  Lower fees would increase the number of concealed carry permits and the number of people who can protect others.  It would especially help the most likely victims of violent crime -- poor black men and women living in high-crime urban areas.

A year from now, I predict that people will wonder why such a fuss was made about open carry.

While Michael Bloomberg may have scored some temporary P.R. victories against open carry his fear tactics will be discredited in the long-run.

John R. Lott, Jr. is a columnist for FoxNews.com. He is an economist and was formerly chief economist at the United States Sentencing Commission. Lott is also a leading expert on guns and op-eds on that issue are done in conjunction with the Crime Prevention Research Center. He is the author of nine books including ""More Guns, Less Crime."" His latest book is ""The War on Guns: Arming Yourself Against Gun Control Lies (August 1, 2016). Follow him on Twitter@johnrlottjr.",1
4394,The Jeb Bush Health Plan: Five Ways It Differs From What Obama's Done,"In contrast to Obamacare, the Bush health plan envisions a much smaller role for government and a much bigger role for individual choice and competition in the marketplace. Bush health care differs from Obama health care in five significant ways:

Without the employer mandate, all of the anti-job provisions in Obamacare would be gone. Right now employers have perverse incentives to keep the number of employees small, to reduce their hours of work and to use independent contractors and temp labor instead of full time employees. Under the Bush plan, no employer would be punished for creating jobs.

Without the individual mandate, families would be free to buy insurance that meets individual and family needs rather than the needs of politicians. What woman would willingly choose to buy health insurance that offers free mammograms while she is healthy but makes her pay full price if there is a symptom of something wrong? That’s only one of the many needlessly wasteful and expensive consequences of letting health insurance benefits be determined by the political system.

Also, without the individual mandate there is no reason for anybody to remain uninsured. The Bush tax credit is equal to the average tax subsidy received by employees who get their heath insurance at work. Let’s say a family, for whatever reason, had no additional disposable income. It would still be able to buy a health plan with its tax credit. Lower income families could qualify for additional help. I suspect they would always be able to buy Medicaid-like insurance with no additional cash outlay.

But don’t we need mandates in order to keep people from gaming the system? We have found better ways in Medicare Part B, Medicare Part D and with Medigap insurance. In those markets, if you don’t buy when you are eligible, you can face penalties. In most places, if you don’t sign up for Medigap insurance when you are first eligible, you can be individually underwritten.

The uniform tax credit is also a huge improvement. Because Obamacare conditions its subsidies on income, it raises the marginal tax rate for middle income families by six percentage points and in some cases far more. At 400 percent of poverty, a family can lose more than $10,000 in subsidies if it earns one additional dollar. At other “cliff” points, families can be subjected to thousands of dollars of additional exposure (higher deductibles and copayments) as a result of earning one more dollar. All these perversions vanish if everyone gets the same subsidy regardless of income.

Also, if the subsidy doesn’t vary by income, all kinds of technical problems with healthcare.gov would vanish in a heartbeat. Virtually all the technical problems in the exchanges stem from the need to verify income. That means that the computers run by the exchanges have to interface with the computers of the IRS and other government agencies. Yet, in the main government, computer systems don’t know how to talk to each other and that’s a problem that may never be solved.

If every one of the same age gets the same subsidy, the exchange doesn’t have to check with the IRS to verify income. Next April 15, there won’t be a plethora of additional taxes and refunds because almost everyone wrongly predicted his income for the previous year. According to H&R Block, as many as 3.4 million people got reduced refunds this year because they underestimated their income when they enrolled in ObamaCare insurance plans.

The portability provision is another huge improvement over the current system. Right now if employers give employees pre-tax dollars to buy their own insurance in the individual market, the Obama administration is threatening to fine them $100 per employee per day. If you think that’s overkill, it tells you just how much the current administration dislikes employees buying and owning their own insurance. With the Bush plan, all the anti-portability provisions in current law will be gone.",1
354,New Player in the ISIS War: Christian Gazillionaire Foster Friess,"He’s best known for bankrolling Republicans Rick Santorum and Scott Walker afloat, but Foster Friess has a new cause a long way from D.C.

“There is no reason why this monopoly [for equipping] should be owned by the U.S. government. I think there’s a role for private organizations to generate private support to help the Kurds,” said Audino, who as a soldier was stationed in Kurdistan for a year. “Foster and I are certainly talking about it, in concept… No one’s pulled the trigger on it.”

“When I visited Camp Black Tiger I was amazed to see how many of the fighters had come out of retirement and were in their 40s and 50s,” Friess said. “I had tears in my eyes to see the Yazidis [an ethnic minority]... as I passed out 5,000 blankets to them which our family had purchased from Turkey.  To think they had to leave their homes and everything they owned and only had the clothes on their backs was indeed sad.”

“[Friess is] shooting for practical targets. What’s the most practical target right now? The easiest target right now is, let’s help the United States directly equip the Kurds,” said Brig. Gen. Audino, who serves as an informal adviser to Friess on Kurdish issues. “He has a genuinely good heart, and he wants to stay on the right side of history… He sees the awful slaughter of innocents in Iraq and Syria right now. He doesn’t see that ending at Iraqi and Syrian borders.”

Small wonder that rumors have been spreading among anti-ISIS Westerners that Friess could soon be bankrolling their efforts. Matthew VanDyke runs a security contracting firm called Sons of Liberty International in Iraq, which provides free military training to local Christians in Kurdish and Iraqi areas. He said he had heard that Friess “pledged to help fund the Peshmerga,” and had been looking to get in touch with him ever since.

“The Kurds have been seen as protectors of the Christians, especially since the fall of Saddam in 2003, when the Christians began to be pushed out of and even murdered in Arab Iraq. By contrast the Christians have been thriving in the Kurdish region of Iraq,” said Professor Michael Gunter, who has written 11 books on the Kurdish people.

If a high-profile Christian American businessman were to privately fund weapons in the ISIS battlespace, it would be a problematic foray into an already-nasty sectarian situation. So far Friess has stayed away from that role. While the Kurds welcome any help they can get from Christian Americans, ISIS has framed its war as one of them versus the “crusaders.”

And there may be some coming legislative efforts: Sen. John Barrasso, Gabbard and others huddled with Friess in Graham’s conference room last month to work on a bill called the Kurdish Emergency Relief Act, the Washington Examiner reported, which would involve some $500 million in aid for the Kurdish people. The legislation has not yet been introduced.",1
307,Boehner takes revenge,Top Dems want White House to call off Part B demo — The next cancer drug shortage,1
4374,How Asia trade deal could make or break Obama's foreign policy vision (+video),"Hanging in the balance is Obama’s vision of America’s place in the world and the kind of leadership it can best wield in the 21st century, some foreign-policy analysts say.

President Obama is not battling to save his Asian-Pacific trade agenda simply because he suddenly believes in free trade.

For Mr. Obama, the fight in Congress over granting him Trade Promotion Authority (TPA) is about something much bigger.

Hanging in the balance is nothing less than Obama’s vision of America’s place in the world and the kind of leadership it can best wield in the 21st century, some foreign-policy analysts say.

Winning or losing TPA will make or break Obama’s foreign policy vision of the United States – no longer the go-it-alone superpower – leading a multipolar world where associations of like-minded nations build regional security and economic prosperity, these analysts say. With the Obama administration pursuing not only the Asian-Pacific trade deal but also a “transformational” trade pact with the European Union, the moment, they add, could not be more critical.

“Without the trade deals, America does not get to set the global economic rules for the new era, using trade to bind its allies around the globe to the US and to one another,” says John Hulsman, a US foreign policy analyst based in Germany. “It is not too much to say,” he adds, “that without TPA, there simply is no grand strategy for the new era” in America’s relations with the world.

The Trans-Pacific Partnership, or TPP, that Obama had hoped to conclude by the end of the year with 11 other Pacific Basin countries – most critically Japan – is currently at the top of Obama’s agenda because of what it means for his Asia strategy.

Without TPA – the ability to negotiate trade deals with the assurance that Congress will only be allowed a simple yes or no, non-amendable vote on a concluded trade accord – Obama has virtually no chance of securing a TPP deal. And without TPP, the “Asia pivot” in US strategic interests that Obama has been pushing since taking office in 2009 will be halted in its still tentative tracks – reduced largely to the aspirational rhetoric that critics claim it has been all along.

For Obama administration officials, the Asia pivot – or what they prefer to call a “rebalancing” of US interests towards a dynamic and fast-growing Asia – is not just about the number of US forces stationed in the region (Two pieces of the rebalancing so far have been accords to rotate troops into Australia and the Philippines).

Perhaps even more important is the economic dimension of the turn to Asia. Not only does Obama underscore at every turn possible the importance of securing America’s stake in the booming Asian economy, he also notes that some power is going to determine the rules of the road for the world’s most dynamic trading region. (The insinuation being that it’s much better that it be the US and not China, the region’s other dominant power.)

The challenge to Obama’s Asia policy – and the death blow that failure to move ahead on TPP would deliver to it – is not lost on the region’s leaders.

“If you don’t do this deal, what are your levers of power?” Singapore’s foreign minister, K. Shanmugam, said in a warning issued in a Washington speech Monday. “The choice is a very stark one,” he said in remarks delivered at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington. “Do you want to be part of the region, or do you want to be out of the region?”

Singapore’s top diplomat – his tiny but booming island country is one of the 12 TPP countries – noted that without the economic dimension to its Asia policy, the US is reduced to primarily a military power in the region. But in a part of the globe where trade and economic prosperity are the focus, he added, “that’s not the lever you want to use.”

Noting that the 40-percent share of global GDP that the region represents is only expected to grow, Mr. Shanmugam said, “In all of this, where is the United States?”

The Asian diplomat sounded almost like he could have been speaking from White House talking points, suggesting that if the US chooses not to lead that Asian countries will have no choice but to look elsewhere.

That argument may not sway Congress, however, which some see as too inwardly focused to grasp the changes going on in the world. “We are shifting into a more multipolar world, but it’s not clear Washington realizes that,” says Mr. Hulsman, who is president of John C. Hulsman Enterprises, a global political risk firm.

On Tuesday, it looked like the next test in Congress for TPA – and thus for Obama’s Asia pivot and his grand global strategy – might not come until late July. But if the president hasn’t been able to sell his vision over years of promoting it, it seems at least uncertain he’ll be able to save it now.",1
3624,Suspects In Paris Magazine Attack Killed; Market Gunman And 4 Hostages Also Dead,"Suspects In Paris Magazine Attack Killed; Market Gunman And 4 Hostages Also Dead

A nationwide manhunt for the suspects of France's deadliest terrorist attack in more than 50 years ended in a hail of gunfire on Friday.

After hours of tension in two separate standoffs that shut down parts of the Paris metro area, the two main suspects in the attack on a satirical magazine and a man who took hostages at a kosher grocery are dead, President François Hollande said in a speech to the nation.

Hollande also said four hostages had been killed today; he called the week's events ""a tragedy for the nation, an obligation for us to confront terrorists.""

""We are a free nation that does not give in,"" the French president said. ""We carry an ideal that is greater than us.""

The standoffs started this morning, when police cornered Said and Chérif Kouachi, who were suspected of killing 12 people in the Charlie Hebdo attack, at a print shop in the small town of Dammartin-en-Goele.

While initial reports said an employee of the shop was being held hostage there, it later emerged that the worker, reportedly a graphic designer, was hiding in the building, undetected by the gunmen.

""He was able to give [by text messages] tactical elements"" such as the positions inside the building, French TV news Itele reports.

Separately, in eastern Paris, a gunman identified as Amedy Coulibaly entered a kosher grocery and took several people hostage. He also called a TV news station, seeking to talk to police (more on that in our updates below). And it seems that amidst his phone calls, Coulibaly didn't hang up properly — allowing police to hear his movements.

""The audio information wasn't distinct,"" BFM TV reports, ""but was precious to law enforcement.""

The station adds that police began their assault on the store at the same time they heard Coulibaly start praying.

Police have made several connections between Coulibaly and the Kouachi brothers, French media report, through cellphone and legal records. Police are still looking for one suspect: Hayat Boumeddiene, 26, whom they say was involved in the killing of a policewoman in Paris Thursday.

""U.S. officials say both Coulibaly and Boumeddiene were known to American intelligence authorities,"" NPR's Dina Temple-Raston reports.

A little after 11 a.m. ET, and as the sun began to set in France, explosions were heard at both the store and the print shop, as police began an assault.

Images on French television showed hostages streaming out of the kosher grocery store after an explosion and gunfire; a large explosion was seen at the print shop in Dammartin-en-Goele. That was followed by smoke billowing from the building.

The AFP reported that when police stormed the print shop, the Kouachi brothers came out firing and were killed during the confrontation. The authorities say Coulibaly was killed during the siege of the kosher market.

NPR's Eleanor Beardsley reports that police were first tipped off to the Kouachi brothers when a resident reported a stolen car in the small village of Dammartin-en-Goele, 25 miles northeast of Paris. The caller recognized the brothers and told police that they were heavily armed.

Police moved in and surrounded the print shop, located in an industrial center not far from the Charles de Gaulle airport outside Paris. For hours, special tactical units kept watch, while helicopters swooped overhead.

As that was unfolding, another gunman walked into the kosher shop in eastern Paris, reportedly taking a handful of hostages.

Eleanor reported that the series of events left the city — already reeling from its worst terrorist attack in more than 50 years — in a state of shock. Police cordoned off parts of Paris, and officers in tactical gear and with big guns walked through the streets as sirens sounded everywhere.

Police also released a poster naming Coulibaly and a 26-year-old woman named Hayat Boumeddiene as suspects in a shooting that left a policewoman dead on Thursday. There is still no word on the whereabouts of Boumeddiene.

By around 11:30 a.m. ET, the siege was over. In total, since the mass shooting at Charlie Hebdo on Wednesday, 17 people have been killed in France.

Hours after the standoffs ended, Al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula released a statement threatening France with more violence; the AP says that the group has claimed responsibility for Wednesday's attack.

Hollande said the country knows that the threat is not ""yet over.""

He called for vigilance and extra security; he said the country should reject any racist attacks like the ""anti-Semitic act"" committed today. He also said that the suspects killed today ""have nothing to do with Islam.""

""We must show our determination against anything that may divide us,"" Hollande said.

This is a breaking news story. As often happens in situations like these, some information reported early may turn out to be inaccurate. We'll move quickly to correct the record and we'll only point to the best information we have at the time. Refresh this page for the latest.

Update at 6:50 p.m. ET: Explosives In Kosher Grocery

Paris prosecutor Francois Molins has confirmed more details about the case. Molins spoke late Friday; here's a quick recap of what he said:

Update at 5:50 p.m. ET: Al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula Reportedly Claims Responsibility

A senior official of Al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula praised this week's attack in Paris and threatened France with more violence, according to the SITE organization, which monitors extremist groups.

A speech by was posted online Friday, after the chief suspects in the attack were killed. In it, Sheikh Harith al-Nadhari says (according to SITE's translation):

""Some of the sons of France were disrespectful to the prophets of Allah, so a group from among the believing soldiers of Allah marched unto them, then they taught them respect and the limit of the freedom of expression.""

The AQAP separately claimed responsibility for guiding the attack, the AP says.

Update at 5 p.m. ET: Suspects Said To Have Spoken To French Media Before Deadly Showdown

A French media outlet says it spoke to both Chérif Kouachi and Amedy Coulibaly as the men were engaged in two separate standoffs with police, and that both of them avowed ties to terrorist groups.

The phone interviews with Kouachi and Coulibaly reportedly took place well before France's BFM TV or its sister radio station RMC broadcast them.

BFM TV says the conversation with Kouachi took place after a journalist called the print shop where the Kouachi brothers were holed up.

Kouachi said he and his brother had not killed any civilians and that they had acted to avenge Prophet Muhammad. He also said that Western forces had killed women and children in Iraq, Afghanistan, and Syria.

According to a synopsis by Sarah-Lou Cohen, the head of BFMTV's police and justice unit, Kouachi said he had been supported by Al-Qaeda in Yemen — a group now more commonly known as Al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula.

When asked about the possibility that he might be killed, Kouachi answered, ""That's not a problem.""

BFM TV says it spoke to Coulibaly after he called the network asking for a number for the police. At the time of the conversation, the man said that four people had already died in the kosher grocery where he had barricaded himself from the authorities.

Coulibaly claimed allegiance to the extremist group that calls itself the Islamic State (or ISIS); he also said that his actions were tied to those of the Kouachi brothers.

When asked if the attacks had been synchronized, he answered, ""No. Just when they started the attack at Hebdo, I was to attack police.""

Update at 2:16 p.m. ET. 'We Stand For Freedom':

Speaking in front of students at Pellisippi State Community College in Tennessee, President Obama offered the French his support.

""The United States stands with you today, stands with you tomorrow,"" Obama said.

The president added that the U.S. stood by the values that the U.S. and France share.

""In the streets of Paris, the world's seen once again what terrorists stand for: they have nothing to offer but hatred and human suffering,"" Obama said. ""And we stand for freedom and hope and the dignity of all human beings. And that's what the city of Paris represents to the world.""

Closing his speech to a round of applause, Obama said, ""And that spirit will endure forever – long after the scourge of terrorism is banished from this world.

Update at 1:21 p.m. ET. 'How Great The Threat Is':

In statements to the press, France's Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve thanked the police officers and the special teams that worked to end the crisis today.

He said the events of the past few days ""show how great the threat"" is to France.

""It is incumbent on us to be on constantly alert,"" Cazeneuve said.

The minister refused to give any details of the operation, because he said he did not want to put out any misinformation.

Update at 12:11 p.m. ET. Hollande To Address Nation:

President François Hollande will address his country at 2 p.m. ET, according to Palais de l'Élysée.

Update at 12:01 p.m. ET. Siege Is Over:

According to multiple media outlets, both hostage standoffs in France are over.

According to reports, Said and Chérif Kouachi were killed in the siege in Dammartin-en-Goele, and Amedy Coulibaly was killed in the siege in eastern Paris.

There is still no word on any other casualties.

Update 11:19 a.m. ET. Explosions, Gunfire At Both Locations:

Minutes apart, reporters at both standoff locations reported gunshots and explosions.

NPR's Lauren Frayer reported that French television showed what appeared to be civilians streaming out of the kosher grocery store in eastern Paris.

Television images showed a large explosion at a print shop in Dammartin-en-Goele. That was followed by smoke billowing from the building.

Update at 11:14 a.m. ET. Explosions, Sirens:

NPR's Eleanor Beardsley says she has just heard loud explosions and gunfire in Paris.

She says people started running when they heard it.

The booms, she told Morning Edition, were followed by sirens.

It's still unclear what is going on.

Update 11:06 a.m. ET. The Scene In Paris:

NPR's Eleanor Beardsley reports that police have cordoned off a big area of eastern Paris. She reports that ""everyone is in a state of shock.""

""People are angry and nervous,"" she told our Newscast unit. ""It's a crazy scene.""

You can hear sirens and police dressed in tactical gear with big guns walking the city.

Update at 11 a.m. ET. Smoke, Explosions:

Television images are showing light smoke coming from the printing company where the Kouachi brothers are thought to be holed up.

Police forces in tactical gear were also on the roof of the building.

Reuters reports one of its reporters heard gunshots and ""several explosions.""

Update at 10:08 a.m. ET. The Links:

There's a lot going on in this story. Here, we'll try to lay out all of the known connections plainly:

— There are four events to keep in mind. 1. The shooting at Charlie Hebdo on Wednesday morning. 2. The shooting death of a female police officer on Thursday in Montrouge. 3. An ongoing standoff in Dammartin-en-Goele, where police believe the two main suspects in the Charlie Hebdo shooting, Said and Chérif Kouachi, are holed up in the building of a printing company. 4. An ongoing standoff at a kosher shop in eastern Paris, where, according to multiple media reports, police believe Amedy Coulibaly has taken a handful of hostages.

— Earlier today, police named Coulibaly as a suspect in the shooting death of the female police officer on Thursday.

— NPR's Dina Temple-Raston reported on Morning Edition that U.S. officials have been telling her privately that Thursday's shooting incident was terrorism related.

— Dina says that authorities now believe that Coulibaly is a friend of the Kouachi brothers.

— Le Parisen reports that in 2010, Coulibaly was implicated in trying to help in the escape of one of the masterminds of terrorist attacks that happened in 1995. The news outlet also reports that Coulibaly was convicted on terrorism charges.

— As we reported, Chérif Kouachi was implicated in that same incident in 2010.

Update at 8:22 a.m. ET. A Link Between Shootings:

Numerous news organizations have reported that police sources tell them that a shooting that left one police officer dead on Thursday is linked to the shootings at the offices of Charlie Hebdo.

France 24 reports that the people suspected of committing that crime belong to the same organizations as the Kouachi brothers.

Police have officially released a photograph of two suspects in that shooting in Montrouge. In that flier, police say the two — Hayat Boumeddiene, 26, and Amedy Coulibaly, 32 — are wanted in a murder committed in connection with a ""terrorist organization.""

Update at 8:09 a.m. ET. Interior Minister At Scene Of Kosher Shop:

France's Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve is at the scene of an apparent hostage situation in eastern Paris.

Television images have shown dozens of police officers in tactical gear in front of the kosher shop.

It's worth noting that it's not clear whether all of these events are related.

Update at 7:52 a.m. ET. Background:

In case you have not been paying attention, here's a quick summary of what's been happening in France:

Wednesday morning, at least two gunmen entered the Paris offices of Charlie Hebdo, a satirical magazine that has in the past been threatened by Islamic extremists, and opened fire, killing 12 people, including four of the magazine's founding cartoonists.

Police launched a massive manhunt for two suspects: Said and Chérif Kouachi, French citizens whom authorities had been watching for some time. Chérif was convicted on terrorism charges in 2008. He served 18 months for helping to funnel fighters from France to Iraq.

Today, that manhunt seems to have come to a climax, because police believe the two men are cornered at a printing company's building in a city northeast of Paris.

Update at 7:49 a.m. ET. Another Incident In Paris:

Multiple news outlets, including AFP, France 24 and Le Monde, are reporting that an armed man has entered a kosher shop in eastern Paris and may have taken a hostage.

There is no word on whether this incident, which police have not confirmed, might be related to the attack on Charlie Hebdo.

Update at 7:16 a.m. ET. Not Certain If There Are Hostages:

On Twitter, an Interior Ministry spokesman said the men now in a standoff with police are ""certain to be the Kouachi brothers."" The spokesman said it was still not clear whether the two suspects had taken any hostages.

""The priority is to establish a dialogue with the suspects,"" the spokesman added.

He added that there had been no deaths or injuries at the time and that police had not launched an assault on the building.

Update at 6:51 a.m. ET. Police Make Contact:

Citing an unnamed French official, the AP says police have ""made contact with terror suspects.""",1
110,Why riots happen in places like Baltimore,"As flames, property destruction and violent confrontations spread across West Baltimore on Monday night, state and federal authorities were quick to draw a distinction between rioting and so-called “legitimate” forms of protest.

“I condemn the senseless acts of violence by some individuals in Baltimore that have resulted in harm to law enforcement officers, destruction of property and a shattering of the peace in the city of Baltimore,” U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch said in a statement. “Those who commit violent actions, ostensibly in protest of the death of Freddie Gray, do a disservice to his family, to his loved ones, and to legitimate peaceful protesters who are working to improve their community for all its residents.”

Similarly, Maryland Gov. Larry Hogan on Monday argued that there is “a significant difference between protesting and violence.”

That declaration has become a common refrain in the aftermath of racially charged civil unrest. When Ferguson, Missouri erupted last year over the shooting death of an unarmed black teenager and a grand jury’s decision not to indict the police officer who pulled the trigger, President Barack Obama drew a sharp rhetorical line between those who “just want their voices heard around legitimate issues” and “the handful of people who may use the grand jury’s decision as an excuse for violence.""

But scholars of American social movements say the distinction might not be so clear. Instead, they argue rioting is often what happens when marginalized groups feel they have no other outlet for expressing their grievances.

“What you have in places where rioting tends to occur is the long-running abandonment by institutions,” said Justin Paulson, a political sociologist at Carleton University in Ottawa, Canada. “Not that they’re fully abandoned, it’s just the institutions you and I expect to make things run smoothly, to make people’s lives better, are actually turned against the members of these communities.""

The Kerner Commission — a panel established in 1967 by then-President Lyndon B. Johnson to investigate the root causes for the race riots of the time — suggested as much in its final report. “Ineffectiveness of the political structure and grievance mechanisms” was one of the motives fueling riots, said the report.

Martin Luther King Jr. alluded to a similar point in a 1968 speech during which he said it would be “morally irresponsible” to condemn rioting “without, at the same time, condemning the contingent, intolerable conditions that exist in our society.""

“These conditions are the things that cause individuals to feel that they have no other alternative to engage in violent rebellions to get attention,” said King. “And I must say tonight that a riot is the language of the unheard.""

William Darity Jr., a professor of public policy at Duke University, said police behavior “seems to be the primary source” of riots such as the ones which occurred in Baltimore and Ferguson, as well as the unrest examined by the Kerner Commission.

“The fact that police lynchings of unarmed blacks have gone on for upwards of 50 years without any significant steps to curb police behavior makes it clear that trying to protest through established channels doesn’t make a difference,” he said.

“I am no great enthusiast for anarchy and chaos, but I can also understand why at a certain point people say there’s no point in behaving, and I’d like to put this in quotes, ‘legitimately.’""

Rick Perlstein, a historian who has written extensively about social unrest in the 1960s, said “a radical sense of dispossession” fueled rioting both then and now. In particular, distrust of the police — and specific incidences of police violence — have often been a major precipitating factor, he said. Citing an In These Times article he wrote during the protests in Ferguson, Perlstein noted that violent encounters with the police led to the 2015 Baltimore riot, 2014 Ferguson riots, 1964 Harlem riot, 1965 Watts riot, 1967 Newark riot, and others.

The most recent riots in Ferguson and Baltimore have been “much, much less intense” compared to their predecessors, he said. Police have become more effective at containing them, and cities are not subject to the same demographic pressure they experienced during the Great Migration of the 20th century, as African-Americans moved en masse from the South to northern cities.

“There just aren’t that many places undergoing these kinds of ethnic and racial transitions,” said Perlstein.",1
2175,"In a break with Obama, Clinton lays out tougher worldview","Hillary Rodham Clinton — who has spent much of her campaign embracing the policies of President Obama — signaled clear disagreement with her former boss Wednesday in key areas of foreign policy, suggesting in some cases that he has been too hesitant.

Again and again, Clinton pointed to instances overseas where she would have taken a tougher stance than Obama, from arming Syrian rebels to confronting an expansionist Russia. In some cases, she was talking about policy debates she lost while serving as Obama’s first-term secretary of state, or about advice she suggested was not heeded.

The critique, delivered as part of a Washington speech focused on the Iran nuclear deal, was in many respects subtle — wrapped inside overall praise for Obama and never targeting him directly. But the differences were nonetheless striking for a candidate who has worked carefully to soften her hawkish national security reputation and who badly needs Obama’s liberal coalition of voters to gain the White House.

“Those of us who have been out there on the diplomatic front lines know that diplomacy is not the pursuit of perfection,” Clinton said. “It’s the balancing of risk.”

That line was meant to answer Republican critics who say the Obama administration failed to drive a hard bargain in international nuclear talks with Iran. But Clinton echoed some GOP criticism of Obama’s hands-off approach to some world problems.

The decision to distance herself from Obama on some foreign-policy issues comes at a difficult time for the Democratic front-runner, who has seen her lead erode amid the rise of an iconoclastic challenger, Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.), and the worsening controversy over her use of a private e-mail server while secretary of state.

It also represents a delicate balancing act for Clinton, who has sought to focus on her tenure as the top U.S. diplomat during Obama’s first term as a crucial qualification for becoming commander in chief. Much of the Democratic Party’s progressive wing remains skeptical of her sometimes hawkish tilt on foreign policy, including her now-disavowed vote in favor of the Iraq war.

[How Clinton is banking on the Obama coalition to win]

Clinton reviewed some of her policy differences with Obama in her State Department memoir, “Hard Choices,” published last year. But Wednesday’s speech at the Brookings Institution was the first time she had gone significantly beyond the mild and often implicit criticisms in that book to question foreign-policy decision-making after she left the administration.

The main goal of Wednesday’s wide-ranging foreign-policy address was to support the Iran deal against Republican criticism and make clear that if elected president she will enforce it and seek to strengthen it.

Obama deserves praise for his leadership in seeking the deal, Clinton said, and she claimed some credit for helping open the door for the negotiations that produced the accord this summer.

“Either we move forward on the path of diplomacy and seize this chance to block Iran’s path to a nuclear weapon or we turn down a more dangerous path, leading to a far less certain and riskier future,” Clinton said.

But Clinton’s support for the deal came with caveats, starting with whether it could lead to rapprochement with Iran after more than 35 years of enmity. Clinton was also blunt in her skepticism that Iran will fully comply with the accord limiting but not ending its nuclear program, but she said there are adequate safeguards built in.

She zeroed in on what critics of the deal call a chief weakness — a concession to Iran that allows a delay of up to 24 days before international inspectors could check up on some kinds of suspected violations.

“I’d be the first to say that this part of the deal is not perfect,” Clinton said. “But our experts tell us that even with delayed access to some places, this deal does the job.”

Jake Sullivan, a top Clinton aide who helped launch the Iran negotiations and is now the senior policy adviser for Clinton’s presidential campaign, said she was not suggesting that the administration caved on inspections.

“Acknowledging the imperfections of the deal is not criticism of the deal” but rather an argument that enforcement must be vigilant, Sullivan told reporters after the speech.

[How Hillary Clinton is running against parts of her husband’s legacy]

Other pieces of direct or implicit criticism flared throughout the speech and during a question-and-answer session afterward.

On Russia, Clinton said she had warned of trouble on the horizon with the return of Vladimir Putin as president. “I am in the category of people who wanted us to do more in response to the annexation of Crimea and the continuing destabilization of Ukraine,” she said, referring to Russia’s military moves there.

Clinton said she would “sustain a robust military presence” in the Persian Gulf. The Obama administration has acknowledged that there will be a gap of about two months this fall when no U.S. aircraft carrier group will be stationed in the gulf, the first time that has happened in several years.

On Syria, Clinton noted that she argued for arming moderate Syrian rebels far earlier than the White House eventually tried to do, and she suggested the United States is not leading as it should in response to an exodus of refugees fleeing the civil war there. She proposed organizing a pledging conference, like one she helped put together after the 2011 earthquake in Haiti, to take in refugees and pay for resettlement.

“The United States has to be at the table, has to be leading it,” Clinton said.

In response to a question, Clinton also suggested that her former boss had miscalculated by trying to strong-arm Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu over dealings with the Palestinians. That tactic was tried during and after her tenure.

[For Hillary and Bibi, a long and sometimes fraught relationship]

“Well, I think there’s a lot of room for tough love, particularly in private,” Clinton said. “But I just don’t think it’s a particularly productive approach for the United States to take” in public.

“In the absence of, you know, some kind of greater goal that we were trying to achieve by doing that, I just don’t think that is the smartest approach,” she said.

Clinton was measured but still critical on whether the administration should have pulled back from its request that Congress authorize military force in Syria. It opted instead for a 2013 agreement to remove chemical weapons from that country.

“It’s always difficult in hindsight to say what could have happened if something different had been done,” she said of the debate over how to respond to allegations that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad’s forces had launched chemical-weapons attacks on civilians. The vote may well have failed, she noted, which would have left Obama to decide whether to proceed with punitive airstrikes on his own executive authority and over congressional objections.

“I do think that not being able to follow through on it cost us. I am certain of that. That still comes back in conversations that people have with me” at home and abroad, Clinton said. “But I do think it was a net positive to get as much of the chemical weapons out as we could.”",1
272,House Republicans try to gut a key American principle,"The Civil War era’s 14th Amendment, granting automatic citizenship to any baby born on American soil, is a proud achievement of the Party of Lincoln.

But now House Republicans are talking about abolishing birthright citizenship.

A House Judiciary subcommittee took up the question Wednesday afternoon, prompted by legislation sponsored by Rep. Steve King (R-Iowa) and 22 other lawmakers that, after nearly 150 years, would end automatic citizenship.

The 14th Amendment, King told the panel, “did not contemplate that anyone who would sneak into the United States and have a baby would have automatic citizenship conferred on them.” Added King, “I’d suggest it’s our job here in this Congress to decide who will be citizens, not someone in a foreign country that can sneak into the United States and have a baby and then go home with the birth certificate.”

It’s no small task to undo a principle, enshrined in the Constitution and upheld by the Supreme Court, that defines the United States as a nation of immigrants. It’s particularly audacious that House Republicans would undo a century and a half of precedent without amending the Constitution but merely by passing a law to reinterpret the 14th Amendment’s wording in a way that will stop the scourge of “anchor babies” and “birth tourism.”

Judiciary Committee Republicans brought in three experts to testify in support of this extraordinary maneuver (a lone Democratic witness was opposed), and they evidently had to search far and wide for people who would take this view, because they ended up with a bizarre witness: an octogenarian professor from the University of Texas named Lino Graglia.

This would be the Lino Graglia who caused a furor in 1997 when he said that Latinos and African Americans are “not academically competitive with whites” and come from a “culture that seems not to encourage achievement.” He also said at the time that “I don’t know that it’s good for whites to be with the lower classes.”

This is also the same Lino Graglia who said in a 2012 interview that black and Hispanic children are less “academically competent” than white children, and he attributed the academic gap to the “deleterious experience” of being reared by single mothers. When the interviewer, a black man, said he had a single mother, Graglia said that “my guess would be that you’re above usual smartness for whites, to say nothing of blacks.”

And this is the very same Lino Graglia whose nomination for a federal judgeship in the 1980s fell apart amid allegations that he had urged Austin residents to defy a court-ordered busing plan and had used the racist word “pickaninny” in the classroom.

Abolishing automatic citizenship for babies born on American soil, and having Graglia make the case, probably won’t help Republicans overcome their problems with minorities, who are gradually becoming the majority. Democrats, by happenstance, presented a sharp contrast to the GOP effort Wednesday: Sens. Elizabeth Warren (Mass.) and Sherrod Brown (Ohio) and others met at Washington’s Carnegie Library with a coalition including immigration and civil rights advocates to launch a new jobs campaign, “Putting Families First.”

At the birthright hearing, King got things going by informing his colleagues that “birth tourism has grown substantially” and that it costs $48,000 for a Chinese national to fly to the United States, have her baby, get a birth certificate and take the child back to China. Though conservatives generally take a dim view of international law, King said the United States in this case should follow “almost every other industrialized country” in abolishing birthright citizenship.

Graglia dutifully informed the committee that “a law ending birthright citizenship should and likely would survive constitutional challenge.” But consider the source: a man who by his own account takes “a very limited view of the power of the Supreme Court” and breezily dismisses contrary precedents.

Rep. Zoe Lofgren (D-Calif) mentioned Graglia’s “pickaninny” comment and his position on busing. After Lofgren’s time expired, Graglia blurted out: “Your bringing up . . . this alleged statement of ‘pickaninny’ is in the nature of slur. I don’t know why you’re bringing up these insulting things that have nothing to do with” his testimony.

Minutes later, Rep. Luis Gutierrez (D-Ill.) read aloud some of Graglia’s other comments about minorities. “It seems some underhanded move is being made here,” the professor protested, saying he “never made a comment that in any way implied the inferiority of any group.”

The congressman asked that Graglia’s past statements be entered into the record. But Rep. Lamar Smith (R-Tex.) complained that the line of inquiry was “a non-germane subject for this hearing.”

On the contrary, it gets right at the heart of the matter.

Read more from Dana Milbank’s archive, follow him on Twitter or subscribe to his updates on Facebook.",1
2048,Wall St. Republicans' dark secret,A verdict in 2017 could have sweeping consequences for tech startups.,1
1751,"Poll: Trump, Carson top GOP race; Clinton leads Dems but support drops","Two non-politicians, businessman Donald Trump and retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson, dominate the contest for the Republican nomination, together accounting for more than half of the potential vote as support for traditional politicians continues to decline, according to a new Washington Post-ABC News poll.

In the contest for the Democratic nomination, Hillary Rodham Clinton has lost significant ground over the past two months, as she has struggled to manage the controversy over her use of a private e-mail server while secretary of state. She still leads the field of Democrats, but for the first time her support has dropped below 50 percent in Post-ABC surveys, with the biggest decline coming among white women.

Overall, the survey underscored the degree of dissatisfaction toward government and politics that is shaping the campaign. More than 7 in 10 Americans say people in politics cannot be trusted. More than 6 in 10 say the political system is dysfunctional. Sizable majorities of Democrats, Republicans and independents agree with those assessments.

But Democrats and Republicans part ways over the kind of experience they are looking for in the next president. Nearly 6 in 10 Republicans say they prefer the next president to have experience that comes from outside the political establishment. Only about a quarter of Democrats say the same.

Two-thirds of the Republicans who say they are looking for non-political experience currently support either Trump or Carson — the foundation of the wide division between the two outsiders and the rest of a field made up almost exclusively of traditional politicians. Several of these current or former elected officials registered new lows in the survey.

Their next big chance to reverse their fortunes comes at a debate Wednesday evening at the Ronald Reagan Library in Simi Valley, Calif., that will feature the top 11 candidates. The debate, hosted by CNN, will begin at 8 p.m. Eastern time. There will be an earlier forum, beginning at 6  p.m., for the candidates who did not qualify for the main debate.

The new poll found Trump to be the favorite of 33 percent of registered Republicans and ­Republican-leaning independents. That is a jump of nine percentage points since mid-July and a 29-point increase since late May, just before Trump announced his candidacy. He does well with most groups of GOP voters, but his strongest support comes from those who do not have a college degree and those with incomes below $50,000.

Carson runs second at 20 percent, 14 points higher than in July. His surge is consistent with several other national polls that show him moving up the ranks since the first Republican debate in Cleveland last month. Carson’s base is more strongly rooted in the conservative wing of the party.

After Trump and Carson, there is a significant falloff in support for the other candidates. Former Florida governor Jeb Bush, who began the year as the nominal GOP front-runner, stands at 8 percent, his lowest ever in Post-ABC surveys of the 2016 field. Next, at 7 percent each, are Sens. Ted Cruz of Texas and Marco Rubio of Florida. No one else registered above 5 percent.

Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky, former Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee, Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie either tied or registered their lowest levels of support in Post-ABC polls of the 2016 race dating to the beginning of 2014.

Walker suffered the steepest decline since the July survey, falling from 13 percent to 2 percent. Recent polls in Iowa, where Walker had been leading, also have shown a loss of support.

Among Democrats and Democratic-leaning independents, Clinton is the choice of 42 percent of registered voters. Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) is second with 24 percent and Vice President Biden, who is deciding whether to run, is third with 21 percent. Sanders’s support has risen by 10 points since July, while Biden has gained nine points.

Biden advisers have said he is likely to make a decision this month. The vice president has said recently that he is still dealing with the death of his son Beau a few months ago and cannot yet say he has the emotional commitment needed to seek the presidency. But his advisers are preparing for a possible campaign as Biden and his family weigh the personal costs of running.

The survey indicates that if Biden decides not to run, Clinton would benefit far more than Sanders, at least initially. Without Biden on the list, Clinton jumps 14 points, to 56 percent, among Democratic-leaning voters, while Sanders rises four points, to 28 percent.

While Clinton maintains the lead, her support has dropped 21 points among Democrats since July. She has lost ground with most demographic groups, but the sharpest drop has come among women and particularly white women. In July, 64 percent of white women said they supported Clinton; today, it is 31 percent, the same level of backing as Sanders, whose support has doubled among this group.

A majority of Americans (55 percent) say they disapprove of the way Clinton has handled questions about her use of a private e-mail account while serving as secretary of state. An almost identical percentage (54 percent) say that she has tried to cover up facts. Asked whether Clinton stayed within government guidelines or broke the rules by using a private server, 51 percent say she broke the rules, while 32 percent say she did not, with the remainder offering no opinion.

The public is divided on the question of whether the e-mail issue is a legitimate one in the coming election, although today, unlike four months ago, slightly more say it is not legitimate.

On all those questions, there is a big difference in the responses of Democrats vs. Republicans and independents. A majority of Democrats (55 percent) approve of how she has handled the controversy, while a third do not. More than 7 in 10 say the e-mails are not a legitimate issue in the coming campaign.

In a hypothetical general election, Clinton runs about evenly with Trump, leading 46 percent to 43 percent among registered voters. Clinton holds a much bigger lead, 51 percent to 39 percent, among all adults.

Clinton and Trump share one vulnerability: Almost 6 in 10 Americans say Trump is not honest and trustworthy, while 56 percent say that about Clinton. But in other measures, Clinton is seen as far readier to be president than the GOP front-runner.

At this point, 6 in 10 say Trump is not qualified to be president, though more than 6 in 10 Republicans say he is. Two-thirds say he does not understand the problems of “people like you.” More than 6 in 10 say he does not have the kind of personality and temperament it takes to serve effectively as president.

Just over half of all Americans say Clinton does not understand their problems, but 56 percent say she has the personality and temperament to serve as president.

Among all Americans, 57 percent oppose Trump’s tough positions on immigration. Among Republicans, 56 percent support them — with 39 percent saying they strongly support them.

The Post-ABC News poll was conducted Sept. 7-10 among a random national sample of 1,003 adults, including landline and cellphone respondents. Overall results have a margin of sampling error of plus or minus 3.5 percentage points.

Full results of the poll and detailed methodology are available at wapo.st/pollarchive.",1
1643,Fact-checking the third round of GOP debates,"CNBC aired two GOP presidential debates Wednesday: a prime-time event starring 10 candidates and an earlier debate featuring four second-tier contenders, based on an average of recent polls.

Not every candidate uttered facts that are easily fact checked, but following is a list of 14 suspicious or interesting claims. As is our practice, we do not award Pinocchios when we do a roundup of facts in debates.

Fiorina, who served as a surrogate for Mitt Romney’s during his 2012 presidential run, recycles a misleading talking point from that unsuccessful campaign — but oddly, she never double-checked the math. The Romney campaign calculated these figures by comparing the decline in the number of all nonfarm employees from January 2009 to March 2012 with the decline in jobs held by women in that period.

While the statistic was technically correct for one month in 2012 — about three years into Obama’s first term — it quickly was dropped by Romney’s campaign because newer economic data made it obsolete.

In the debate, Fiorina claimed that this statistic was true for Obama’s first term. But by the time he took the oath of office a second time, his jobs record was a net winner, both for men and women. So this claim is utterly wrong.

This is false, though it has increasingly emerged as a GOP talking point. Sanders, an independent from Vermont who is seeking the Democratic presidential nomination, has not yet released a tax plan, but has repeatedly denied that he would increase taxes from the current marginal rate of 39.6 percent to 90 percent. (The margin rate is what you pay on each additional dollar earned.)

The United States had a marginal tax rate of 90 percent in the Dwight Eisenhower administration, and then John F. Kennedy proposed to reduce it to 70 percent. (The tax cut was passed after his assassination.) But even such rates would not take 90 percent of a person’s income.

Bush repeatedly claims $19 billion in taxes over his eight years as governor, but that is quite misleading. This refers to cumulative state revenue changes as a result of state and federal decisions, and it includes revenue changes from tax and non-tax legislative actions during his tenure as governor.

Moreover, this $19 billion figure includes revenues the state would have received if the federal estate tax credit had not been phased out. There were some states that levied new state taxes to balance out the phase-out of the federal estate tax. Bush didn’t fight the estate tax repeal. But that’s certainly not the same as actively “cutting” those tax revenues from the state budget.

Bush’s 1.3 million jobs number is accurate, as far as it goes, and he avoided claiming that he “led the nation” in job creation. But, as we repeatedly warn, readers should be wary when state executives take credit for the number of jobs in their state. There’s not one policy decision that affects jobs figures.

Cruz’s comment is based on research by Emmanuel Saez, a University of California at Berkeley economics professor who is often cited for claims on income inequality.

Saez analyzed Internal Revenue Service income data dating to 1913, and found that the top 1 percent in 2012 had the highest share of income since 1928, the peak of the stock market bubble of the roaring 1920s. Saez compiled market income data, including capital gains and excluding government transfers.

The top 1 percent’s income share fell slightly in 2013 compared to 2012, to 20.1 percent from 22.8 percent. But the trend remained the same.

Incomes in the top 1 percent fluctuated more sharply since 1928 compared to the bottom 99 percent. And the bottom 90 percent’s income share did not increase as much as the top decile in recent decades, Saez wrote. “Those at the very top of the income distribution therefore play a central role in the evolution of U.S. inequality over the course of the 20th century,” Saez wrote.

Moderator Becky Quick: “You had talked a little bit about Marco Rubio. I think you called him Mark Zuckerberg’s personal senator because he was in favor of the H-1B [visa].”

Donald Trump: “I never said that. I never said that.”

Perhaps Trump should have read his own campaign Web site before the debate.

Among the immigration policy proposals listed on DonaldJTrump.com is a proposal to increase the prevailing wage for those in the H-1B program. H-1B visas are granted to highly skilled immigrant workers who are coveted by technology companies, particularly ones in Silicon Valley.

Trump has proposed restricting the H-1B program. He criticized the program for giving away coveted entry-level IT jobs to workers getting flown in cheaper from overseas. More STEM (science, technology, engineering and math) graduates receive degrees than find STEM jobs each year, according to Trump’s proposal. He proposed raising the prevailing wage paid to H-1B visa holders so that entry-level IT jobs can go to “the existing domestic pool of unemployed native and immigrant workers in the U.S., instead of flying in cheaper workers form overseas.”

“Mark Zuckerberg’s personal Senator, Marco Rubio, has a bill to triple H-1Bs that would decimate women and minorities,” the white paper read. (We could not find any evidence that Trump himself has made this assertion.)

During the debate, Trump denied that he was critical of Zuckerberg, of Facebook: “I am all in favor of keeping these talented people here so they can go to work in Silicon Valley.”

Christie loves to say this but that doesn’t make it true. And he significantly misstates the date for when Social Security’s trust funds will be depleted; that will not happen for another 20 years (and even then Social Security can pay partial benefits).

An IOU is just a pejorative way of saying “bond.” These bonds are backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government. Until the 2011 debt-ceiling impasse, one could not imagine that any president or Congress would risk defaulting on them because it would damage the nation’s financial standing. Still, Treasury bonds are considered a good bet — deemed to be one of the safest places to keep money.

The bonds are a real asset to Social Security, but they also represent an obligation of the rest of the government. Like any entity that issues debt, such as a corporation, the government will have to make good on its obligations, generally by taking the money out of revenue, reducing expenses or issuing new debt. The action taken really depends on the resources available at the time. There is nothing particularly unusual about this, except that the U.S. government is better placed to make good on these obligations than virtually any other debt-issuer.

Some analysts, however, question whether the Social Security system holding those bonds lowers the cost of paying benefits relative to if the system did not hold them. Since the bonds have to be redeemed by general taxpayers, as a group taxpayers have to provide the same level of revenues to finance benefit payments as if Social Security were not holding any bonds.

So then the question becomes whether the fact that Social Security ran these surpluses in the past improved the government’s overall fiscal position and thereby made it easier for the government to finance the total level of upcoming benefit payments. Some analysts contend that the existence of the earlier Social Security surpluses spurred lawmakers to spend more, resulting in higher public debt.

Rubio is referring to a report published in 2014 by the Brookings Institution, which studied Census Bureau data called Business Dynamic Statistics. Brookings analysts tracked data back to 1978 and found that starting in 2008, business deaths exceeded business births through 2011.

But note that this started happening seven years ago, while Rubio makes it sound like it is a new development. (Update: PolitiFact noted that more recent data shows the trend shifted in 2012 and in the past two years, business starts began to exceed business deaths.)

These are Kasich’s go-to claims about his record as Ohio governor and chairman of the House Budget Committee. But some of his figures lack context.

The $8 billion figure reflects the breadth of the budget imbalance that Kasich’s administration faced when he took office (the actual figure is $7.7 billion). But the projection did not end up being as high, and the actual shortfall was decreased by hundreds of millions of dollars.

Kasich’s $2 billion figure and jobs numbers largely check out. The $2 billion surplus is the state government’s tally of the rainy day fund. While Bureau of Labor Statistics support his job creation numbers, we’ve frequently urged readers to be wary about such claims. So much of what happens in an economy and the impact on jobs is beyond a single politician’s control.

Kudos to Kasich for clarifying that the $5 trillion surplus was a projection, not an actual surplus, when he left Congress in 2000. We’ve urged him to clarify this point in the past. The figure he uses was a projected, 10-year surplus — but it didn’t end up materializing because of a slower economy, tax cuts and increased government spending after 9/11 in the years after Kasich left Washington.

Trump, referring to the shooting at the Naval Reserve center in Chattanooga, Tenn., in July, is wrong on this point. The service members at the Naval Reserve center in Chattanooga, Tenn., were armed. In fact, the military is investigating why they were armed, as the Pentagon has restrictions on who can carry weapons at such facilities.

The FBI said a 24-year-old gunman armed with a semiautomatic assault rifle and a handgun methodically hunted for Marines and sailors to kill.

Edward Reinhold, special agent in charge of the FBI’s field office in Knoxville, Tenn., provided the first definitive account of the terrorist attack that left four Marines and a Navy petty officer dead.

Reinhold told reporters at a news conference in Chattanooga that Mohammad Youssef Abdul­azeez smashed through the gate of the reserve center last Thursday and was almost immediately confronted by a service member who had his own gun.

The service member fired several rounds, but it has not yet been determined whether he managed to hit Abdulazeez, who quickly entered the reserve center looking for targets, mortally wounding the sailor inside the building.

This is false. Manufacturing took a huge hit during the Great Recession, so 2 million jobs were lost between December 2007 and June 2009, the official length of the recession, according to government statistics.  But the recession began a year before Obama took office.

Meanwhile, from those depths, manufacturing has slowly crawled its way back. From the start of Obama’s presidency, there are about 250,000 fewer manufacturing jobs. That is still about 1.4 million fewer than the start of the recession, however.

This is Jindal’s go-to line about his record as governor. But he takes too much credit.

The state budget in fiscal 2009, Jindal’s first budget after taking office in 2008, was $34.3 billion. In fiscal 2016, the proposed budget was $25.1 billion. That is a $9.2 billion decrease, or a 26.8 percent decrease.

But this budget decrease was not due to his executive decisions alone. Federal funding also decreased by $10 billion during those eight years, from $19.7 billion to $9.7 billion. Part of this decrease was waning federal funding for hurricane recovery, the Times-Picayune has reported.

The labor participation rate fell to 62.4 percent in September, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics. That’s actually lowest since 1977, when it touched 62.3 percent — but that’s 38 years, not 50. So Santorum’s a bit off with his figure.

When Obama took office in January, 2009, the workforce participation rate was 65.7 percent. So there has certainly been a decline. But the rate had already been on a steady downward track since it hit a high of 67.3 percent in the last year of Bill Clinton’s presidency.

A key reason? The composition of the labor force has been affected by the retirement of the leading edge of the baby-boom generation.

The Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago in 2012 concluded that just over half of the post-1999 decline in the participation rate comes from the retirement of the baby boomers. Critically, the research showed that the problem is only going to get worse in the rest of the decade, with retirements accounting for two-thirds of the decline of participation rate by 2020. In other words, the rate will keep declining, no matter how well the economy does.

Will this zombie claim about the shrinking Navy ever go away? Apparently not; we already awarded Graham three Pinocchios earlier this year for the same claim. Fact checkers repeatedly debunked this in the 2012 presidential elections, and it’s being repeated again this time around.

But, surprise: A lot has changed in 100 years, including the need and capacity of ships. After all, it’s a now a matter of modern nuclear-powered fleet carriers, versus gunboats and small warships of 100 years ago. The push for ships under the Reagan era (to build the Navy up to 600-ship levels) no longer exists, and ships from that era are now retiring.

Navy Secretary Ray Mabus recently spoke about this problematic ship-counting exercise. There are other ways to measure seapower than just the sheer number of ships, he said: “That’s pretty irrelevant. We also have fewer telegraph machines than we did in World War I and we seem to be doing fine without that. … Look at the capability. Look at the missions that we do.” Plus, the Navy is on track to grow to just over 300 ships, approximately the size that a bipartisan congressional panel has recommended for the current Navy.

As for his statement about the army, Graham is on a bit more solid ground because he’s talking about the number of troops. (Under sequestration, the number of troops was due to be reduced to 420,000 in fiscal year 2016, the lowest since 1940, but the new budget deal will likely change that.) But even then, it’s apples and oranges to compare the capabilities of a World War II army with today’s army.

That the Export-Import Bank levels the playing field for the U.S. economy is a common argument for reauthorizing the federal agency. But there are data limitations to how the Ex-Im Bank’s loans has affected American jobs.

The Government Accountability Office in 2013 found that there are limitations to the method the bank uses to keep track of employment figures. This method plays an essential role in the bank’s jobs calculation process, the GAO found.

But because of limitations out of the agency’s direct control, the GAO found that the data “cannot be used to distinguish between jobs that were newly created and those that were maintained.”",1
2540,The Murder Shaking San Francisco’s Liberal Soul,"The man accused of shooting a young woman dead on a popular pier had served 181 months in federal prisons and been deported five times. But San Francisco’s sheriff saw fit to free him.

Across the top of the letter, the man neatly lettered the words “Motion to Correct Sentence” and “United States V. Juan Francisco Lopez-Sanchez.” He is listed in this and most of his other court cases by that name and in others as Juan Jose Dominguez-De La Parra. His real name is said by federal authorities to most likely be Jose Inez Garcia Zarate. The authorities are not sure which of the various dates of birth he has provided is accurate.

As Lopez-Sanchez, DOB 12/12/1980, he reminded the court in this letter from a federal correctional facility in Missouri that he was serving 51 months in federal prison for illegal reentry to the United States. He had also been sentenced to an added 21 months for violating the terms of his supervised release after a 1998 conviction for a previous illegal reentry.

He wrote to the court that it was his understanding the 51 months and the 21 months were to be served concurrently. But prison officials were now trying to tell him the sentences were supposed to be consecutive.

Just three months later, this man who had written of his desire to return to his own country was arrested in Eagle Pass, Texas, for once again leaving it to slip into the United States.

He was sentenced to another 46 months, to be followed by 21 months of supervised release, as before. His total time in federal pens stood at 181 months—or a little more than 15 years—as he neared the end of his latest sentence.

This March 23 letter was written by the San Francisco Sheriff’s Department. The letter—first reported by the San Francisco Chronicle—said Lopez-Sanchez was wanted on an outstanding $5,000 bench warrant arising from a 1995 bust for selling $20 of marijuana to an undercover cop in that city. The federal prison authorities were asked to notify the sheriff’s office “when the subject is ready for pick-up.”

Lopez-Sanchez was at a federal detention facility in San Bernardino County near Los Angeles. The San Francisco Sheriff’s Department took custody of him three days later, on March 26. The feds are said to have asked the sheriff’s people to notify them prior to his release on the pot case.

The real aim of the letter he had written to the court back in 2007 was to return to his country as soon as possible so he could then slip back into America even at the risk of yet another heavy prison term.

He now found himself at liberty in Sanctuary City, for once with no need to worry about being deported as long as he stayed in San Francisco.

He could have remained as snug as a citizen if he had not made everybody wish he had been deported by allegedly picking up a .40 caliber pistol that had been stolen from a car on June 27. The pistol belonged to a federal U.S. Bureau of Land Management ranger who had duly reported the theft.

Another gun was brandished by the thug who pulled up in a BMW, hopped out, and pistol-whipped as well as robbed two TV news crews that had come to cover the shooting on Pier 14.

A memorial for Kate Steinle was held on Thursday. Family and friends told stories of an adventurous, exuberant, and uncommonly kind young woman. They had a phrase for the sunny, uplifting impact she seemed to have on everybody, wherever her wide travels took her:",1
4256,"Sanders sharpening message, attacks on Clinton after Nevada loss","Democratic presidential hopeful Bernie Sanders opened a new phase of his campaign Monday, pledging to more aggressively lay out his differences with Hillary Clinton, an opponent whose views on some issues, he said, are guided by “hastily adopted campaign rhetoric.”

Speaking at a news conference here, the senator from Vermont drew distinctions with Clinton on campaign finance and trade — the start of what he said will be a series of differences detailed in coming weeks — and pledged to contest the Democratic nomination through the convention.

“I have to say that I am delighted that Secretary Clinton, month after month after month, seems to be adopting more and more of the positions that we have advocated,” Sanders said, adding that the former secretary of state “is beginning to use a lot of the language and phraseology that we have used.”

[Despite what his critics say, Bernie Sanders insists he is not championing a ‘radical’ agenda]

The feistier performance by Sanders comes on the heels of his loss to Clinton in the Nevada caucuses Saturday and in advance of an expected loss this Saturday in the South Carolina primary, in which polls have shown Clinton with a comfortable lead.

With 11 other states holding nominating contests March 1, Sanders is fighting to show that he is not running out of momentum after strong performances in the first two contests, in Iowa and New Hampshire, where the voters were largely white.

He chose to hold his news conference in Massachusetts, one of the Super Tuesday states where he appears strongest against Clinton. Sanders also unveiled an endorsement from a new multi-state, racially diverse coalition of progressive groups called People’s Politics.

Clinton held no public campaign events Monday, spending a second day in California at a series of high-dollar fundraisers.

Earlier Monday, Sanders campaigned in South Carolina, where, during a stop in Sumter, he sought to push back against Clinton and other critics who have said that his agenda is utopian and unachievable.

In recent weeks, Clinton has cast herself as the more pragmatic candidate who could implement a progressive agenda while arguing that Sanders’s plans for universal health care and other bold policies would never be implemented.

Sanders countered, saying, “One of the things that is going on in this campaign is that Bernie Sanders is too ambitious, he’s thinking too big. Well, I don’t think so. I mean virtually every idea that we are bringing forth not only is the right idea, it’s what our country needs, it’s what the American people want.”

Sanders, a self-described democratic socialist, ticked off some of his proposals, including ushering in a “state-of-the-art, cutting-edge child-care system,” each time telling his audience that the idea wasn’t as “radical” as it’s been portrayed.

As a presidential candidate, Sanders has toggled back and forth a couple of times when it comes to drawing contrasts with Clinton.

[Actor Danny Glover and activist Ben Jealous size up Bernie Sanders’s outreach to black voters]

For the first months of his bid, he barely mentioned his opponent. Last fall, however, he considerably stepped up his efforts to draw policy distinctions, and during the first part of the year, he was openly critical of Clinton’s acceptance of large speaking fees from Goldman Sachs and other Wall Street interests.

More recently on the campaign trail, Sanders had returned to only infrequent mentions of the former secretary of state, even as she and her surrogates attacked him on a range of issues, including gun control, immigration and women’s reproductive rights.

The issues Sanders chose to highlight during his news conference Monday were not new ones, but his critique of Clinton was more pointed.

“The people of Massachusetts and the people of the United States need to know that difference between hastily adopted campaign rhetoric and the real record and the long-held ideas of the candidates,” he said.

He asserted that the two candidates have “a very profound difference” on campaign finance, noting that a super PAC supporting Clinton raised $15 million from Wall Street interests during the most recent reporting period.

Clinton has sought to distance herself from the donations, saying they were to a super PAC originally established to support President Obama but has since chosen to back her.

“I know that every candidate who has ever received special-

interest money always says that the millions and millions of dollars they receive will never influence them — never, never, never,” he said.

Sanders sought to contrast his method of fundraising, saying his campaign has received 4 million donations averaging $27 apiece, most of them online.

Sanders also highlighted his long record in Congress opposing trade deals, including the pending Trans-Pacific Partnership, a deal being pushed by Obama.

After declining to take a position on the pact for months, Clinton announced her opposition far more recently. At his news conference, Sanders shared comments made in January by Tom Donohue, president of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, predicting Clinton would eventually support the deal if she won the Democratic nomination. Sanders later opened the floor to reporter’s questions, answering two before he said he had to leave to make it to a scheduled rally in Amherst.

The first dealt with whether he has a viable path to the Democratic nomination. “The short, three-letter answer is Y-E-S,” Sanders said.

He then chided reporters for placing too much emphasis on the importance of each nominating contest, noting that the primaries and caucuses are not winner-take-all and saying he is in the race for the long haul.

In Nevada, Sanders said, Clinton won 19 delegates to the national convention, while he received 15. (An updated count released Monday put the tally at 20 to 15). It takes about 2,400 delegates to secure the nomination, Sanders said. He predicted that the race with Clinton will be “a slog” fought “state by state by state.”",1
4660,McMullin surge threatens to squeeze Trump's already narrow path to victory,"Mitt Romney, the 2012 Republican nominee, won the state by nearly 50 points. Republicans hold the state's governor's office, both of its US Senate seats and all four of its US House seats. The party holds 84% of the state's House of Representatives and 79% of the state Senate.

Yet Donald Trump has a very real Utah problem. And it's largely because of one relatively unknown candidate: independent Evan McMullin.

In a year where third-party candidates like Libertarian Party nominee Gary Johnson and Green Party nominee Jill Stein have made waves, it's McMullin -- a candidate who fell far short of even qualifying for the ballot in all 50 states -- who stands the best chance of having a quantifiable impact on the race.

That's because McMullin, according to a raft of recent polling in the Utah, is surging in the state.

""People like to say that Utah is a Republican state or a deep red state. I say it's a principled conservative state,"" McMullin said in an interview Friday in his Salt Lake City campaign headquarters.

McMullin's campaign is far from a powerhouse operation -- it's leanly staffed and leanly financed (it had less than $5,000 in the bank at the start of October, according to federal filings.)

""Our campaign is a three-month presidential campaign, which, let me be clear to everyone, is not ideal,"" McMullin, who launched his campaign in August, says with a knowing laugh.

Yet driven largely by its digital operation and about $300,000 in small dollar donations, the Provo, Utah-born McMullin and his running mate, Mindy Finn, have been bobbing back and forth ahead, or within a couple of points, of Trump in the state.

To put a potential McMullin-Finn victory in perspective, it has been 48 years since a third-party candidate secured any electoral votes. It's been 52 years since Utah supported any nominee but the Republican Party's.

For Trump, Utah's emergence as a potential GOP hole couldn't come at a worse time. Facing an exceedingly narrow path to victory as Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton and her team continue to flip potential swing states into their column, the loss of the west state's six electoral votes is equal parts unthinkable and devastating.

For their part, Trump's advisers don't appear publicly concerned about the state. There's been no rash deployment of resources, either in terms of field staff or television advertising, to try and cut down McMullin's rise. Indiana Gov. Mike Pence, Trump's running mate, stopped in the state in September, but otherwise big-name surrogates have been absent.

McMullin's team says it hasn't identified any broad effort to undercut his support or credentials, short of the standard line that supporting anyone but Trump equals tacit support for a Clinton presidency. In other words, the Trump campaign is either confident that Utahns will revert to form, or supremely unaware of what both McMullin and Clinton campaign advisers say is happening on the ground in the state.

McMullin's team points to the release of Trump's lewd ""Access Hollywood"" tape as the moment where gradual momentum turned into tangible numbers. The campaign saw digital engagement grow by 2,000% in the wake of the video.

""What they tell us,"" says Finn, a veteran GOP campaign hand and outspoken Trump critic from the start of his campaign, ""is you've been offering a glimmer of light in what has been a sea of darkness in this 2016 election.""

That message of ""principled alternative"" to Trump appeared to take on new meaning in a state where Trump already wasn't exactly welcomed with open arms.

In fact, the root of Trump's problem in the state has been clear for much of the year: Mormon voters seem to want no part of his candidacy. In a state where Mormons make up more than 60% of the population, that's a big problem -- one exacerbated by top state officials, many sharing the faith, either outright rejecting Trump's candidacy or pulling their endorsements.

That list includes the state's governor, Gary Herbert, who called Trump's hot mic video ""despicable""; former Gov. Jon Huntsman, who called on Trump to step aside; junior Sen. Mike Lee, long critical of Trump and even more so in the wake of the video; as well as one of the state's highest-profile congressmen, Jason Chaffetz, who pulled his endorsement of the GOP nominee.

On top of all of that, in an unprecedented action, the editorial board of the Salt Lake City newspaper The Deseret News, which is owned by the Church of Latter-Day Saints, called on Trump ""to step down from his pursuit of the American presidency.""

""What oozes from this audio is evil,"" the editors wrote.

For his part, McMullin downplays the role his faith plays in his rise.

""It's sort of like saying President Obama became president because he had the support of African-Americans,"" McMullin says. ""Every candidate has people who are like them in some way who may find it easier to understand who the candidate is and therefore maybe there's a heightened chance that they'll be supportive of that candidate. But the reality is that it's much more than that.""

There's no question the tone of the race -- and the major party candidates -- appear to be driving people McMullin's way more so than his faith. A former CIA officer, Goldman Sachs banker and US House staffer, McMullin touts a strong resume and firmly conservative message as his major selling points.

And while a handful of Utah state political officials have endorsed McMullin, the state's biggest, boldest names have not. But just as Obama wouldn't have won the White House without the overwhelming support of black voters, McMullin is the clear beneficiary of Mormon voters who can't come to grips with Trump has a candidate.

Bemused is probably the best way to describe the Clinton campaign's view of the current state of play in Utah. They put more effort in here than traditional Democratic campaigns -- a campaign office was opened, a field staffer was deployed and Clinton officials have repeatedly made themselves available to local media. But they also acknowledge that there is a ceiling of sorts for a Democratic candidate statewide -- particularly one who holds the sky-high unfavorable ratings of Clinton. But their fight to gain ground in the state has helped create the unlikely dynamic that now exists.

Driving through the neighborhoods in and around Salt Lake City with just over two weeks left until Election Day, pockets of political signs protrude in block after block, yard after yard. Blue and orange and green, big bold letters touting candidates for a variety of political offices.

That is exactly the kind of opening McMullin and his team have seized on -- and one that puts them in position to make a bit of history, even if that means contributing to the loss of the GOP nominee.

""We're saying even in that case, stand on principle, stand for what you know is right, stand for what kind of leadership you actually want to see in this country and lets build from there,"" McMullin says.",1
4075,Proposed Bill Calls for Reconciliation Between Turkey and Armenia,"Bringing a new approach to a long-running Capitol Hill standoff, a Turkish-American coalition is pushing a new bill in Congress that will call for reconciliation and dialogue between Turkey and Armenia while sidestepping the question of whether the 1915 mass killings of Armenians at the hands of the Ottoman Empire was genocide.",1
1818,"Non-confrontational style, social media aiding Ben Carson's surge in polls","When Thomas Bouwsma’s wife Patty was pregnant with their sixth child 11 years ago, they had a chance to meet Ben Carson at a community college in Grand Rapids.

They were so impressed with his book Gifted Hands — which was required reading for their children during home schooling lessons — that they decided to name their son Carson.

“When I got the chance to shake his hand, I patted my wife’s belly and said this one is named in your honor,” said Bouwsma, a truck driver from Grand Rapids.

Eleven years later, Bouwsma traveled with Carsonto Detroit to witness his son's namesake announce that he was running for president. Six weeks later, Bouwsma contributed $1,000 to Carson’s campaign, his first political contribution..

“I believe Dr. Carson stands for completely airing your views while not trying to shoot at other people in terms of dragging them down,” said the self-described Christian conservative.

Bouwsma’s enthusiasm, from yard signs to the possibility of working on Carson’s campaign, is increasingly being seen around the country, as the retired pediatric neurosurgeon surges to the top tier of the large GOP presidential field.

Carson’s numbers in the polls are rising both nationally and in the critical early states. A recent Des Moines Register/Bloomberg Politics showed Carson's favorability ratings at 79%, by far the highest of any of the 17 Republican presidential contenders.

“There’s an overall mood of people willing to take a risk on someone who is outside the system and who could be disruptive to the system. And could he and Donald Trump be any more different?” said J. Ann Selzer, president of the Iowa polling firm that conducted the Iowa poll, about Carson’s surge in the polls. “Part of what Carson has going for him is that he started coming to Iowa last year. People have already gotten a feel for who is and what he stands for.”

Carson has a dedicated cadre of volunteers helping with the campaign and his super PAC and a huge presence on social media with 2.6 million Facebook followers who get daily video updates from the campaign leadership. Followers also get the chance to have three questions answered each evening by the campaign.

“We have a very aggressive approach to Facebook.” said Doug Watts, communications director for the campaign.

So when the campaign had a recent event in Phoenix to talk about border issues, they were able to tap into their social media network and donor list and draw a crowd of 12,000, Watts said. Carson has attracted 2,000 to 3,000 people at recent events in Iowa and Colorado.

“We’re looking at an event in Orange County next week. We drew a 40-mile radius around the event site and came up with 50,000 people who had donated to the campaign,” he said.

Rita Davenport of Boone, Iowa, may not have donated money to Carson’s campaign but she’s putting in three to four hours every night to help out by making phone calls, walking in parades and setting up events for Carson in Iowa.

Even after working her full-time job as an instructor and counselor at Des Moines Area Community College, she’s ready to organize another forum with black ministers for Carson in Des Moines. “I talked with people in the ministry and we’ll be doing more of those types of forums because he’s really the kind of person who wants to keep reaching out,” she said. “Every waking moment that I’m not in my office, I’m trying to do stuff to help get Dr. Carson elected.”

As an African American, Davenport said she’s been aware of Carson for years, calling him a “living legend,” who sparked her interest even more when he challenged the policies of President Obama during a National Prayer Breakfast in 2013 while the president sat nearby. It was that “speaking truth to power” that got her pumped about the prospect of a Carson candidacy and it’s an attribute that she continues to see at campaign events in Iowa.

“I see people who are really prayerful and very family friendly at these events,” she said. “And he proves that he can get his point across without yelling and calling people names.”

Indeed, Mary Buerger, 88 of Hillsdale, Mich., said she’s already tired of Donald Trump, who she calls a “foghorn"" who's ""way too off the cuff.""

Buerger is one of more than 275,000 unique donors who have given to Carson’s campaign, pitching in $325 for the retired neurosurgeon, who grew up in poverty on the rough and tumble southwest side of Detroit. The campaign raised $9 million in July and August and $20 million overall since Carson entered the race in May.

While there are things she likes about Florida Sen. Marco Rubio, Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul, Texas Sen. Ted Cruz and Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker, Carson remains her focus. When she gets polling information in the mail asking her to rank her top three candidates, she only has one name to share.

“He has a method of speaking which is not confrontational, but he’s very clear in his positions. He doesn’t turn people off with the first few words that he says,” she said. “We’ve gotten to be so very confrontational and so badly divided that we need him.”

It doesn’t matter that he doesn’t have political experience. In fact, that’s a plus for Buerger. “He isn’t beholden like the people who have made their mark in government. I think it’s hard for people to have that independence,” she added.

Selzer said policy positions and political experience are not essential for Iowa voters, yet. “The majority of the people are saying, ‘I trust them to figure it out when they get to the White House,’ which says a lot about the mood of the voters,"" she said.",1
3696,Shootings In Chattanooga: What We Know About The Alleged Gunman,"Shootings In Chattanooga: What We Know About The Alleged Gunman

A day after a gunman opened fire at two military centers in Chattanooga, Tenn., and killed four Marines, authorities are trying to answer the big question: Why?

At a late-night press conference, authorities said they had yet to pin down a motive. But earlier, officials identified the shooter as 24-year-old Mohammod Youssuf Abdulazeez, who died during the course of the attack.

So, who is he? Here's what we know so far:

— NPR's Dina Temple-Raston reports that Adbulazeez was a naturalized U.S. citizen who was born in Kuwait. His parents are Jordanian.

— FBI Special Agent in Charge Ed Reinhold said there is nothing that ""directly ties [the gunman] to an international terrorist organization.""

— Law enforcement sources tell Dina that Abdulazeez's father was investigated for ties to terrorism a couple of years ago. The Washington Post reports he was added and later removed from a terrorism watch list.

— Dina reports: ""Investigators were digging into his online activity last night. He doesn't have much of an online presence and they have found no connection to terrorist groups so far. (The lack of online presence is meaningful, AQ and ISIS cases typically have a lot of online presence and griping beforehand. That didn't happen in this case.)""

— People who knew Adbulazeez told news media that they were surprised that he would do a thing like this.

""No one seems to have seen it coming. FBI officials said they had no warning of a pending attack. And his family and friends are baffled. "" 'They're nice people, you know?' said Elijah Wilkerson, a neighbor whose wife went on walks with Abdulazeez. 'He must have just snapped.' "" 'I never thought in a million years that it would be this guy,' said Kagan Wagner, one of his high school classmates. 'He was friendly, funny, kind.' ""

— CNN reports that Abdulazeez was a wrestler and also a devout Muslim:

""He at times interrupted training sessions with fighting coach [Scott] Schraeder to pray. "" 'I wouldn't call it overly religious,' Schraeder said. 'He followed his religion; he would pray at six o'clock. He'd go into our office and pray.' But he would skip prayers at times, he said. ""Schraeder does not believe he was an extremist. "" 'His favorite training partner to grapple with — not striking, but actually submission grapple with, when you're actually on the ground in close proximity contact with — was a Russian Jew, hardly what you would see as someone who would be a radical Islamist,' Schraeder said.""

— The Washington Post reports that after graduating from high school, Abdulazeez earned an engineering degree from the University of Tennessee at Chattanooga in 2012.

""His family was rooted in the community of Hixson, a Chattanooga suburb,"" the paper reports. ""His father, Youssef, was employed by Chattanooga's Public Works Department.""

— The Times Free Press reports that Abdulazeez had one previous run-in with police: He was arrested in April for driving under the influence.

— The New York Times relays much the same account about Abdulazeez: a young man who was living a fairly ordinary suburban life in the United States.

But recently, the paper reports, Abdulazeez may have been changing.

The Times points to a blog that the SITE Intelligence Group, an organization that tracks international terrorist groups, says was kept by Abdulazeez.

Note that we are spelling Abdulazeez's name differently from other news outlets. We have adopted the spelling used by FBI officials.",1
1614,The fourth GOP debate is more about the party’s path than personal attacks,"The leading Republican presidential candidates clashed sharply over immigration policy, military spending, and other intractable and emotional issues in a debate here Tuesday night, bringing into sharp relief the party’s fault line between rigid conservatism and mainstream practicality.

The two-hour debate spotlighted the rift between the outsider candidates and establishment governors over how strictly to enforce immigration laws and whether to provide a pathway to legal status for the country’s more than 11 million undocumented immigrants or deport them.

It also revived a long-simmering dispute over the size and role of the U.S. military, with Sen. Rand Paul (Ky.) warning of the potential adverse fiscal effects of increased defense spending and Sens. Marco Rubio (Fla.) and Ted Cruz (Tex.) advocating a more muscular American military presence in the world.

Overall, however, it was a relatively cerebral affair. In a marked departure from the three previous debates, Tuesday’s questions prodded the candidates to explain their positions on such substantive issues as tax policy, the minimum wage and trade treaties, rather than draw contrasts with one another.

Little attention was paid to the personal attacks that have shaped the race in recent weeks. On the campaign trail, billionaire Donald Trump has harshly assailed Ben Carson as the retired neurosurgeon rose in the polls, but Trump refrained from hitting his fellow front-runner on the debate stage.

Similarly, former Florida governor Jeb Bush, whose attack on Rubio backfired at the Oct. 28 debate, did not strike his onetime protege on Tuesday night. Instead, he focused his rhetoric on President Obama and Democratic front-runner Hillary Rodham Clinton, delivering a few punchy answers in a performance that was not dominant but was more energetic than his earlier lackluster showings.

A lengthy discussion of immigration stood out as a proxy for a debate over how Republicans can win back the White House after eight years in the wilderness: under the banner of pure and principled conservatism, or with a moderated platform designed to broaden the GOP’s appeal to Latinos and other minorities.

Trump forcefully defended the controversial proposal that has ­fueled his candidacy since summer, in which he would deport all undocumented immigrants and construct a wall along the border with Mexico to keep them out.

“We are a country of laws, we need borders, we will have a wall, the wall will be built, the wall will be successful, and if you think walls don’t work, all you have to do is ask Israel,” said the former reality-television star. “The wall will work, properly done. Believe me.”

That drew a quick retort from Ohio Gov. John Kasich, who had been spoiling for a fight and repeatedly interrupted the questioning of other candidates to give his opinions.

“For the 11 million people, come on, folks, we all know we can’t pick them up and ship them across the border,” Kasich said. “It’s a silly argument. It’s not an adult argument.”

Trump then interjected with a taunt at Bush: “You should let Jeb speak.”

[In early debate, two governors clash over conservative records]

And the former Florida governor did just that, arguing that deporting illegal immigrants is in conflict with American values and would tear families and communities apart. Bush warned of the electoral consequences should the GOP nominee campaign with Trump’s position.

“They’re doing high-fives in the Clinton campaign right now when they hear this,” Bush said. “That’s the problem with this. We have to win the presidency, and the way you win the presidency is to have practical plans.”

Soon after, Brian Fallon, a Clinton campaign spokesman, tweeted, “We actually are doing high-fives right now.”

Cruz, however, sided with Trump. “If Republicans join Democrats as the party of amnesty, we will lose,” the senator from Texas said.

Cruz said that for many voters, illegal immigration is “a very personal economic issue,” and he added: “We’re tired of being told it’s ‘anti-immigrant.’ It’s offensive. I am the son of an immigrant who came legally from Cuba to seek the American Dream, and we can embrace legal immigration while believing in the rule of law.”

Tuesday’s debate, the fourth so far in the Republican race, was hosted by Fox Business Network and the Wall Street Journal before a live audience at a historic theater in downtown Milwaukee.

There were eight candidates in the main debate — the smallest group to share the big stage so far — as national polling averages winnowed the top tier. New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and former Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee were relegated for the first time to an earlier undercard debate, where both faced sharp attacks from Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal over their records on fiscal policy and other issues.

[The Take: Candidates set aside personal attacks to address economics]

For the moderators, the event brought added scrutiny in the wake of the Oct. 28 debate in Boulder, Colo., which was a chaotic affair. CNBC’s moderators were sharply criticized for the tone and personal nature of their questioning, and the candidates felt they were being baited to attack one another rather than asked about substance.

From the outset of Tuesday night’s debate, the moderators sought to set a different tone. Co-moderator Neil Cavuto said the focus of the debate would be “the economy and what each of you would do to improve it. No more, no less.”

The first questions were about Democratic proposals to raise the federal minimum wage to $15 an hour. There are varying views within the Republican Party about the minimum wage, with 2012 presidential nominee Mitt Romney among those supporting an increase, which polls show is widely popular.

But Trump and Carson said they would not raise it, arguing an increase would inhibit job growth.

“Taxes too high; wages too high,” Trump said. “We’re not going to be able to compete against the world. I hate to say it, but we have to leave it the way it is. People have to go out, they have to work really hard and have to get into that upper stratum.”

Carson said, “Every time we raise the minimum wage, the number of jobless people increases,” especially among black people. He said the better question is: “How do we allow people to ascend the ladder of opportunity rather than how do we give them everything and keep them dependent?”

Kasich, who has raised the minimum wage in Ohio, took a more moderate approach. “Economic theory is fine,” he said, “but you know what? People need help.”

Later in the evening, an extended series of questions about the candidates’ tax plans sparked a fight between Rubio and Paul over the size of the military and defense budget.

“I know Rand is a committed isolationist. I’m not,” Rubio said, earning loud cheers from the crowd. “. . . I know that the world is a safer and better place when America is the strongest military power in the world.”

Paul persisted, warning that the country could ill afford to spend more money on the military: “I want a strong national defense. But I don’t want us to be bankrupt.”

Cruz interjected, siding with Rubio: “You think defending this nation is expensive? Try not defending it. That’s a lot more expensive.”

Former business executive Carly Fiorina also delivered tough lines about the military and the United States’ role in Syria, but she also accused Trump of bluster when he talked about his past associations with Russian President Vladi­mir Putin.

At one point, Trump snapped: “Why does she keep interrupting everybody?”

The crowd booed loudly, but unlike in previous debates, Fiorina did not respond to Trump.

Meanwhile, Carson — who has built a powerful following among grass-roots conservatives with his soft-spoken approach — faced virtually no scrutiny from the moderators or fellow candidates over the veracity of his personal narrative, which has been the subject of recent media investigations.

When Cavuto asked Carson whether the scrutiny was engulfing his campaign, Carson seemed pleased to have the chance to clear the air.

“Thank you for not asking me what I said in the 10th grade,” Carson said. “We should vet all candidates. I have no problem with being vetted. What I do have a problem with is being lied about and then putting that out there as truth.”

He added: “People who know me know that I’m an honest person.”",1
4768,Diehard GOP mom: No mother could ever vote for Trump,"A president hellbent on destroying human decency would be toxic for my son and daughters.

Listen up, fellow Republican moms, it's time to say enough is enough. It was time even before Donald Trump’s vulgar boasts about what he could do to women because of his status, before a parade of women accused him of actions matching those words. No mother should ever vote for this man.

Don't get me wrong. I do get your initial hesitancy. You disagree with much of the Democratic platform. And you probably aren’t too fond of Hillary Clinton. Fine. I don’t love her politics much either, but, come on now. It’s time to wise up.

I have stood with the Republican Party since my first election back in 1984, when I pulled the lever for the original ""Make America Great Again"" candidate, Ronald Reagan. I am the daughter of a longtime Republican, a man who worked under George W. Bush, was fired by President Obama, and was a passionate, respectful advocate for conservative views until his death in June.

But this is now the party of Donald Trump, and I can tell you for this card-carrying, die-hard Republican, this time around it’s got nothing to do with platforms and politics. I am a mom of three children, a son who is 16 and two daughters ages 13 and 11. And I know there is no wall that will protect my kids from a man hellbent on destroying the common core of human decency.

Think about it. From the moment they are born, we teach our children how to act. We demonstrate through our words and our actions how to speak with respect, embrace kindness, work for change with a humble and open heart. Then along comes Trump and the Republicans who so sheepishly stand behind their candidate simply because he is a Republican. Almost overnight, they have legitimized a cesspool of hypocrisy and hatred.

These are the facts: If we let Trump become president, we are saying to our children that respect for others doesn’t matter. We are saying to our daughters that it is OK when a man belittles a woman based on her gender or her body type, and that your value is solely based on your looks.

We are saying to our children that money is power and power is a license to bully, to “punch him in the face” just because he may disagree. And we are saying to all our children, forget everything we have ever taught you — forget that compassion and morals matter, forget that our differences are what make our country great, forget the need to stand up for what is right.

If we elect Trump, we are telling our kids that it’s OK to be a narcissistic, antagonistic, egotistical SOB and that there are no rules if your tongue is sharp enough and your pocket is deep enough. And by blindly supporting a nominee just because he has the stamp of approval from your party, we are saying to our children, just stand in line, join the masses, do what’s expected. Because in the end, there is nothing you can do, so why bother caring?

Except I do care. And I will never accept a candidate who uses power and words to intimidate rather than to protect. Instead, I will teach my children to always be willing to stand up because idle threats are but a shield for insecurity and incompetence. I will never allow a man to condemn an entire community simply because of a skin color, gender or faith; instead, I will remind my children that we are all the same on the inside.

I will never accept a man who shouts insults from his pedestal, and I see no need to support his statements. Instead, I will require my children to speak intelligently, to always back up their arguments with real evidence, and to listen and engage with respect. I will never support a man who seemingly believes women are mere sex objects and says, ""When you're a star they let you do it."" And I will never vote for a person who believes that “I alone can fix it.” Instead, I will help my children look for what they can do together to make a difference, because it does take a village.

I am a Republican. But I am also a mom. And as I watch Donald Trump and the Republican Party this election year, I cannot allow the destructiveness of his words and lessons to take root within my children. I may be a Party girl, but I sure as hell am not an idiot. So I say to all my fellow Republican moms: I am jumping ship, and for the sake of our kids, I hope you do too.

Jenny Tananbaum is a New Jersey-based mom, writer and community volunteer.

You can read diverse opinions from our Board of Contributors and other writers on the Opinion front page, on Twitter @USATOpinion and in our daily Opinion newsletter. To submit a letter, comment or column, check our submission guidelines.",1
140,GRAPHIC VIDEO Shows White Officer Shooting Unarmed Black Man In Back,"North Charleston Police Officer Michael T. Slager, 33, can be seen shooting 50-year-old Walter Scott after a confrontation on Saturday, according to The Post and Courier. Slager chases Scott and shoots at him eight times in the video recorded by a passerby and obtained by The New York Times.

The confrontation started when Slager had reportedly pulled over Scott because of a broken taillight. It escalated into a foot chase as Scott allegedly fled because there were family court-issued warrants for his arrest. Slager pursued Scott into a grassy lot and claimed that he fired his Taser to subdue him.

Earlier this week, an attorney for Slager said the cop felt threatened after Scott tried to overpower him and take his Taser. Today that attorney told The Post and Courier that he's ""no longer involved"" in the case.

But first images in the video are of Slager shooting at Scott as he runs away from him. It also appears that Slager drops the Taser near Scott after he was gunned down, according to The New York Times.

Police reports also say that responding officers performed CPR and delivered medical aid to Scott, but the video shows Scott face down in handcuffs for several minutes after the shooting. Another officer shows up and appears to give Scott aid, but never performs CPR.

Police Chief Eddie Driggers said Tuesday that Slager had been arrested. The U.S. Department of Justice said in a statement that FBI investigators would work with the State Law Enforcement Division, which typically investigates officer-involved shootings in South Carolina, and the state’s attorney general to investigate any civil rights violations in Scott’s death. Mayor Keith Summey added during a news conference that as a result of the video and Slager’s “bad decision,” the officer would be charged with murder.

Scott had been arrested about 10 times in the past, mostly for failing to pay child support or show up for hearings, according to the paper.

""He has four children, he doesn’t have some type of big violent past or arrest record. He had a job, he was engaged,"" a lawyer for Scott's family told the Times. ""He had back child support and didn’t want to go to jail for back child support.""

In a statement released Tuesday night, South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley (R) said, ""What happened in this case is not acceptable in South Carolina."" Senator Tim Scott (R) said ""The senseless shooting and taking of Walter Scott's life was absolutely unnecessary and avoidable,"" adding that he would be watching the case closely.

The shooting in North Charleston comes on the heels of several high-profile cases of police officers using deadly force against unarmed black men in Ferguson, Missouri, Cleveland and New York. This is one of the few times the offending officer has been charged with murder.

""What if there was no video? What if there was no witness? Where would we be without that video,"" Justin Bamberg said at a presser with the family on Tuesday night. Bamburg is one of the Scotts' family attorneys and also represents South Carolina's House District 90.

Family attorney L. Chris Stewart called the witness who recorded the video a ""hero,"" saying that video evidence disproved initial reports that Scott reached for the Slager's Taser. Stewart added that the witness is working with investigators and may eventually come forward.

""If there was no video, I do not believe that officer would be in jail,"" Bamberg said. ""From what the video shows, I think that provides the necessary ammunition to hold this officer accountable.""

""I don't think anybody can see that and not see that what that officer did was murder Mr. Scott in cold blood,"" Bamberg said. ""What would have happened if this witness did not have the courage to stand up and do the right thing and decide that what he witnessed was wrong? I'm glad we don't have to ponder that.""",1
3193,GOP 2016 candidates look to seize momentum out of debates,"A day after the Fox News-Facebook Republican presidential primary debates, contenders for the nomination tried to capitalize on momentum Friday by firing up their base at a gathering of grassroots conservative.

At the 2015 RedState Gathering in Atlanta, a host of Republican 2016 hopefuls including Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Fla., former Hewlett-Packard CEO Carly Fiorina and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie tried to build on strong performances the night before.

The gathering, named after the conservative political website RedState.com, is the brainchild of WSB Radio host Erick Erickson. The three-day convention of top GOP elected officials brought a host of 2016 contenders hoping to establish themselves as favorites among the conservative base.

All three sought to stir up the base with biting speeches that used humor while showcasing their conservative principles.

“2016 is going to be a fight, a real fight, between conservatism and the progressivism that has completely dominated the Democrat Party and that is now not only undermining the character of our nation but crushing the potential of this nation,” Fiorina, whom analysts seemed to agree dominated Thursday's 5 p.m. Fox News-Facebook debate, told participants.

“In order to win [in 2016], we’re going to have a nominee who throws every punch, who will not ever pull her punches,” Fiorina said.

Both Fiorina and Christie took aim at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce – an unpopular organization among many grassroots conservatives – with Christie blaming it for Republicans not properly dealing with the problem of illegal immigration.

“The reason we’re not dealing with immigration as strongly as we need to be in my opinion is because of the Chamber of Commerce crowd,” Christie said. “Because they want to employ illegal folks and they don’t want to use E-Verify.”

Fiorina asked: “What does the Chamber of Commerce do, remind me?”

Meanwhile, Rubio received big cheers for emphasizing his plan to “repeal and replace” ObamaCare, and spent much of his speech talking about solutions to the issue of student loans and the cost of higher education, arguing for more competition and innovation to break the monopoly of higher education.

“I believe before you take a loan, schools should have to tell you ‘this is how much people make when they graduate with a degree you are seeking from our school.’ And then you can decide if it’s smart to borrow $50,000 to be a Greek or Roman philosopher, because the market for those philosophers has tightened in the last 2000 years,” Rubio quipped to laughter from the audience.

The participants also had choice words for President Obama’s policies, with Christie promising to repeal his “illegal” executive actions and slamming his economic record.

“It is just disgraceful that we are sitting with a president who takes a victory lap for the worst economic growth in post-World War II history,” Christie said, while also calling for a radical simplification of the tax code.

“Imagine how many people I could fire from the IRS if you could do your taxes in 15 minutes.” Christie said.

Meanwhile Rubio took aim at Obama’s foreign policy, specifically his approaches to Iran and Israel, saying, “we have a president who is more respectful of the Ayatollah of Iran than the prime minister of Israel.”

Other candidates at the gathering included Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal and former Texas Gov. Rick Perry. The lineup was due to be followed up on Saturday with appearances by former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee, Texas Sen. Ted Cruz, former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush, business mogul Donald Trump and Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker.

The gathering adopted a similar tone to Thursday's debate, which was filled with lots of jabbing one-liners that resonated with the audience, and vitriol aimed at the Obama administration and Hillary Clinton. The Republicans sparred with each other plenty on Thursday, but nobody landed a KO, leaving the 17-candidate field intact heading out of the Cleveland showdown.",1
3564,Feds Arrest Two Women In New York City In Alleged Terror Plot,"Two women with an interest in violent jihad were arrested in Queens, New York, Thursday morning as part of an FBI sting, after allegedly plotting to create explosive devices to use in a terrorist attack in the United States.

Noelle Velentzas, 28, and Asia Siddiqui, 31, had allegedly taken several steps toward constructing an explosive device and discussed their activities with an undercover officer, according to court documents. They had not yet identified a target for their planned attack, federal authorities said. The defendants are U.S. citizens who live in Queens and were roommates until recently.

During regular meetings between the two women and the undercover agent, both women espoused jihadist beliefs and praised past terrorist attacks in the United States. Velentzas allegedly showed the officer her cell phone, which had a background image of Osama bin Laden holding an AK-47. Siddiqui once said that Velentzas had been obsessed with pressure cookers since the Boston Marathon bombings, and Velentzas joked about how she planned to cook ""food"" in a pressure cooker she had recently purchased.

It appears Velentzas eventually became suspicious of the undercover agent's identity, allegedly using her phone in November and December to access webpages with titles like ""Learning the Identity of a Confidential Informant,"" ""How to Spot Undercover Police,"" ""Is S/he an Informant?"" She also researched how to detect bugs.

Yet she and Siddiqui continued to meet with the agent in the months that followed. Siddiqui purchased several propane tanks and stored them in her basement, and discussed them during the meetings. ""I got everything up in this joint, I already told you. If you guys... once we learn... I got everything up in this joint,"" she allegedly said. ""Yo, she got everything. This is like the Home Depot,"" the undercover agent responded.

Velentzas then asked Siddiqui why she hadn't told them that she had purchased the tanks, but Siddiqui insisted she had. ""She's the master of not telling you shit that's really important,"" Velentzas said, later telling the undercover agent that they had to ""keep it a hundred"" so they could trust one another.

""Cause how could you have a... have a open conversation about some shit that is uhm... federal-time worthy shit and the person... you know... is... half-ass in communication?"" Velentzas said. ""I""m gonna die for your ass and you don't communicate?""

Federal authorities apparently have been aware of the women for a number of years. Velentzas ""expressed violent jihadist ideology and an interest in terrorism"" in meetings with the undercover agent back in 2013, and said that being a martyr guarantees entrance into heaven. Siddiqui allegedly wrote a poem in 2009 for a magazine called Jihad Recollections, which was a predecessor to the al-Qaeda publication Inspire, and sent a letter to a man arrested for trying to detonate a bomb during a Christmas tree lighting ceremony in Portland, Oregon, in 2010. She had repeated contact with members of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, according to court documents.",1
1352,"Trump, Clinton cautiously optimistic ahead of Iowa caucuses","Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas scored a hard-fought upset win over businessman Donald Trump in the Iowa Republican caucuses Monday night, while former secretary of state Hillary Clinton and Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont were locked in a virtual tie on the Democratic side with most of the votes counted.

Cruz made good on his bet that a methodical campaign organization would eclipse Trump’s media dominance in the first test of Republican voters. With 99 percent of the precincts reporting, Cruz was beating his rival by more than 5,100 votes, with Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida a close third.

Cruz appeared to capitalize on deep support from religious and social conservatives and showed that old-fashioned retail politicking could overcome Trump’s massive political rallies in the Hawkeye State.

“God bless the great state of Iowa,” Cruz told supporters at his campaign’s Iowa headquarters after embracing his wife, Heidi. “Tonight is a victory for the grass roots. Tonight is a victory for courageous conservatives across Iowa and all across this great nation. Iowa has sent notice that the Republican nominee and the next president of the United States will not be chosen by the media, will not be chosen by the Washington establishment, will not be chosen by the lobbyists.”

Clinton had been a clear front-runner in Iowa last summer, as she hoped to make up for her loss to Barack Obama in the 2008 Democratic caucuses. But Sanders, hammering a message about economic inequities in the middle class, narrowed the margin in Iowa into a dead heat in the final days, and the results could presage a long, grueling fight to the nomination. He maintains a polling advantage in New Hampshire, which will hold its primaries next week.

With 95 percent of the precincts reporting, Clinton had 49.8 percent of the vote to Sanders’s 49.6 percent. Clinton, joined by her husband, former president Bill Clinton, and daughter Chelsea, addressed supporters before the final tally was in, saying she was “breathing a sigh of relief.”

“It is rare that we have the opportunity we have now to have a real contest of ideas, to really think hard about what the Democratic Party stands for,” Clinton said. “I am excited about really getting into the debate with Senator Sanders about the best way forward to fight for us and America.”

Sanders, accompanied by wife, Jane, appeared in front of a jubilant crowd that chanted “Feel the Bern!” He said that his showing against Clinton sent a message to the political and media establishments that “given the enormous crises facing our country, it is just too late for establishment politics and establishment economics.”

The night also began to winnow the field on both sides. Former Maryland governor Martin O’Malley, the only other major Democratic candidate, had negligible support and suspended his campaign Monday night, according to a person close to the campaign. Former Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee, a Republican, also suspended his campaign.

The crowded Republican field and lively debates appeared to boost interest in the race. A record 185,000 people took part in the GOP caucuses, increasing the 2012 turnout by 5.4 percent, according to estimates from Edison Media Research.

Trump had led the Republican polls since last summer, shortly after he declared his candidacy, and he seemed to rewrite the traditional rules and expectations of national political campaigns. Yet his outsider appeal, which swelled crowds at rallies, failed to translate entirely to the caucus turnout, and some political analysts questioned his decision to drop out of the final GOP debate last week.

Appearing before supporters at his Iowa headquarters, Trump congratulated Cruz, but he reminded his audience of how far he had come.

“On June 16, when I started this journey, there were 17 candidates. I was told by everybody, ‘Do not go to Iowa. You could never finish even in the top 10,’ ” Trump said. “We finished second. . . .We will go on to get the Republican nomination, and we will go on to beat Hillary or Bernie or whoever they throw up there.”

Cruz, who had surged to a polling lead in Iowa by December but fell behind to Trump in the past few days, outperformed his final polling results in Iowa. Aides touted a strong ground game in which the senator appeared at events in all 99 counties. Cruz had 28 percent of the vote, with Trump at 24 percent and Rubio at 23.

Supporters at Cruz headquarters cheered loudly when their candidate was shown on a giant video screen. A cover band played songs of Patsy Cline and Johnny Cash as the audience exchanged hi-fives and hoisted drinks.

“That’s priceless. You’re fired!” Cruz precinct captain Ted Sturgill said, using Trump’s catchphrase from “The Apprentice” television show against him.

Whether Cruz can translate the win into similar success in New Hampshire is uncertain, as the past two Iowa winners, Pennsylvania’s Rick Santorum in 2012 and Huckabee in 2008, failed to win the nomination.

Rubio did far better than expected, with a late rally as he sought to consolidate support among establishment Republicans who have doubted Trump and Cruz. Former Florida governor Jeb Bush, who started the campaign as a prohibitive front-runner with a massive campaign war chest, finished way back in the pack. Bush wasn’t even in the state on Monday, campaigning instead in New Hampshire.

“They told me I needed to wait my turn, that I needed to wait in line,” Rubio told an enthusiastic crowd at his Iowa headquarters.

“Tonight here in Iowa, the people in this great state sent a very clear message that after seven years of Barack Obama, we are not waiting any longer to take our country back,” Rubio said.

Voters gathered at caucus sites in 99 counties around the state. The last-minute lobbying officially began at 7 p.m. Central time, with votes following. Political operatives predicted a high turnout — and there were reports that some sites were so packed that officials had trouble closing the doors, despite a significant snowstorm that was bearing down on the state. Forecasters said the storm would probably hit after the caucuses were closed.

“I pray we will win,” Cruz said during a stop at a Baptist church in Marion.

Trump and Sanders made their final pushes Monday to coax nontraditional voters to the caucuses, even as their chief rivals suggested that well-tested organizing tactics would give them the crucial margin of victory.

Television networks showed Trump, in a solid red tie, visiting a caucus site in West Des Moines with his wife, Melania, in a matching all-red ensemble, and taking a seat in the front row. One woman approached and posed with him for a selfie on her mobile phone.

“We are going to bring our country back,” Trump told the crowd, speaking into a microphone. Reflecting on a campaign that was dismissed early on by the political establishment in Washington, Trump said: “It’s really been a journey, an amazing journey. I’m a messenger. We’re going to run it the way it’s supposed to be run — as a great, great country.”

[Here’s how the voting in Iowa works]

There was little question that the lack of an incumbent, coupled with the unconventional style of several candidates, has sparked Iowans’ interest in the race this year. Jeff Kaufmann, who chairs the Iowa Republican Party, said his office has received five to six times as many calls compared with past years.

“The phone calls at the Republican Party of Iowa headquarters are absolutely unprecedented. I mean, we’re looking at 100 an hour, literally,” he said. “Now, obviously, not all of that is tied to Donald Trump. There’s also a lot of these calls that are going to a variety of candidates. But I think that’s a sign of the enthusiasm.”

[6 Iowans explain how they’re deciding whom to vote for]

Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad (R) echoed that assessment in an interview, saying that Trump has “turned out bigger crowds than we’ve ever seen before.”

“I know everybody is saying, ‘Are they just coming for curiosity?’ But I think they’re for real; they’re committed and will show up for caucuses,” Branstad said. “I’ve been pretty impressed with what they’ve done.

“Of course, we saw this phenomenon eight years ago with Obama,” he said, referring to Obama’s first White House bid. “It was beyond what anyone could have imagined, and I think Trump is a phenomenon, too.”

The Democratic field was much smaller but no less competitive. Clinton, whose comfortable lead in Iowa evaporated earlier this year, has scrambled to try to fend off Sanders, who has attracted massive crowds and an intense grass-roots following that put an Iowa upset within reach.

Sanders was encircled by volunteers and a crush of reporters as he arrived late Monday morning at his Iowa headquarters in a strip shopping center outside downtown Des Moines.

“We have come a long, long way in the last nine months,” the senator told his supporters. “You’ve got a tied ball game, that’s where we are.”

Sanders also pushed back against critics who have suggested his agenda is too radical. “Our platform, our agenda, is precisely what the American people want,” he said.

Eilperin and Nakamura reported from Washington. Sean Sullivan, Robert Costa, Katie Zezima, Philip Rucker and John Wagner in Des Moines, and Abby Phillip in Council Bluffs, Iowa, contributed to this report.",1
2158,White House: Obama would veto Keystone bill,"This post has been updated.

President Obama would veto a bill that would allow for the construction of the Keystone XL pipeline, the White House said Tuesday.

""If this bill passes this Congress, the president wouldn’t sign it,"" said White House press secretary Josh Earnest.

The White House’s announcement came as the Republican-controlled Congress was being sworn in. GOP leaders have pledged to pass a bill authorizing the pipeline’s construction. Sen. Joe Manchin (D-W.Va.) and John Hoeven (R-N.D.) introduced legislation Tuesday authorizing the pipeline's construction.

“The president is going to see the Keystone XL pipeline on his desk,” Sen. John Barrasso (R-Wyo.) said Sunday on “Meet the Press.”

Senate Democrats narrowly blocked passage of the bill in November. The White House said at the time that the bill was something Obama ""doesn't support.""

""If this bill passes this Congress, the president wouldn’t sign it either,"" Earnest said.

Earnest said there is a ""well-established process in place"" for approving projects such as Keystone. The $7.6 billion project would stretch nearly 1,700 miles and deliver 830,000 barrels of oil a day from western Canada to the United States. Earnest said that because there is a process, Congress should not meddle.

That process is held up by a lawsuit in Nebraska over whether the state legislature could allow the governor to make decisions on the pipeline rather than the state's Public Utilities Commission.

“I think the president has been pretty clear that he does not think that circumventing a well-established process for evaluating these projects is ... the right thing for Congress to do,” Earnest said.

Obama rejected a Canadian firm's application to build the pipeline in 2012.

At a year-end news conference in December, Obama sought to downplay the benefits of the pipeline. He said the benefits for U.S. citizens and workers from the pipeline would be ""nominal.""

""I think that there’s been this tendency to really hype this thing as some magic formula to what ails the U.S. economy,"" Obama said.

House Speaker John Boehner said Obama has sided with ""fringe extremists"" in the Democratic party who do not support Keystone, not Americans who do want the pipeline to be built. Boehner said the veto threat shows that Obama is ""hopelessly out of touch"" and has ""no plans"" to listen to his constituents.

""After years of manufacturing every possible excuse, today President Obama was finally straight with the them about where he truly stands.  His answer is no to more American infrastructure, no to more American energy, and no to more American jobs,"" Boehner said in a statement.

Jack Gerard, chief executive of the American Petroleum Institute, said the group is ""very disappointed"" by the veto threat.

""And I think it doesn't bode well for relationships between the White House and Capitol Hill"" Gerard said. ""I'm disappointed the president has made that decision. I'm hopeful he and his advisers will reconsider.""

The move angered not just Republicans and oil industry officials but some Democrats such as Manchin.

“It’s the most discouraging thing I’ve ever heard,” Manchin said in a phone interview, minutes after Earnest had made his comments. “For the leader of the country to say basically, ‘Forget it, this is all for naught,’ is not what this country is about, it’s not what we’re all about, and it’s not the process that I’m used to working through.”

Manchin said the move made a mockery of a legislative process under which Democrats as well as Republicans would have a chance to offer amendments to alter the bill. “To say that he won’t give it a chance is absolutely a disservice to our country,” he added.

At the same time that the White House issued its veto threat, Sen. Richard J. Durbin (D-Ill.) objected to the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee holding a hearing Wednesday on the Keystone XL bill. Durbin said another Democrat, whom he did not identify, objected to the session.

“While this means we won’t be having a hearing tomorrow, it does not slow down the Keystone XL floor process,” the panel’s spokesman, Robert Dillon, wrote in an e-mail. “Sen. Murkowski was committed to moving legislation through regular committee order and having a robust hearing process. Working with the incoming ranking member, we had lined up witnesses from a labor union and the Center for American Progress (CAP) to testify on the Keystone XL. Democrats will no longer have an opportunity to hear that testimony or make statements. We think that’s unfortunate.”

“The new Republican majority in Congress wants to play pipeline politics with our future, and the president is focused on a single question: is the tar sands pipeline in our national interest,” said Bob Deans, a spokesman for the Natural Resources Defense Council. “It’s not.”

Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) said he applauds Obama ""for standing up to Republicans trying to ram through Congress a bill to let a Canadian oil company ship some of the dirtiest oil on the planet across the United States on its way to overseas markets.""

Supporters of Keystone argue that the pipeline will create jobs tied to the pipeline's construction and boost a source of reliable energy, helping the economy. Opponents counter that it will extract oil from dirty tar sands in Canada and do little to help the U.S. economy.",1
2729,Bill O’Reilly’s humiliating bust: Does Fox News have guts to suspend its own serial exaggerator?,"That in itself was a sign that the punch landed; normally O’Reilly doesn’t descend from his perch in the “no-spin zone” to debate mere mortals on platforms besides Fox. The Mother Jones story is embarrassing, but it’s probably not fatal. Most of the “reporting” on Fox has roughly the same relationship with the truth as O’Reilly’s claim to combat zone action. I can’t see him facing censure for this, but I hope I’m wrong.

If you missed the action, Corn and Daniel Schulman reported that despite O’Reilly’s claims of having “survived a combat operation” during the Falklands War, the Fox host, then with CBS, only got as close as Buenos Aires, roughly 1,400 miles away from the fighting. “Nobody from CBS got to the Falklands,” CBS’s Bob Schieffer told Mother Jones. “I came close. We’d been trying to get somebody down there. It was impossible.”

There was, of course, no combat in the Argentinian capital, but there was a raucous protest, and that’s apparently what O’Reilly refers to as a “combat operation.” He also claimed he was the only CBS reporter covering the demonstration, which Schieffer likewise denies. “We were all out with our camera crews that day to cover the protest,” Schieffer says. “I’d been out there with a crew too.”

Likewise, his claim of having seen combat danger in El Salvador is undermined by reporting – the reporting of Bill O’Reilly himself, on the ground, in real time. In his book “The No-Spin Zone” O’Reilly tells of visiting a dangerous, “guerrilla controlled area” with a camera crew, where “I quickly did a stand-up amid the rubble and we got the hell out of there.”

His real-time dispatch for CBS was different. He described touring a scene by helicopters with the Salvadoran military, and reported “these days Salvadoran soldiers appear to be doing more singing than fighting,” having succeeded in “scattering the rebel forces, leaving government troops in control of most of the country.” There was no mention of having to “get the hell out of there.” The problem for people who care about the truth is that O’Reilly is not likely to be punished for shading it. He’s a serial exaggerator – remember his claim to be the product of middle-class Levittown, when he grew up in tonier Westbury? Much of the “reporting” on Fox is similarly distorted; the ratio of truth to fiction is often worse than in O’Reilly’s combat zone mythology. The made-up Fox bogeymen of the New Black Panther Party were actually less dangerous to democracy than Buenos Aires was to O’Reilly. More recently, the network’s claim of Muslim-only “no-go” zones in London was based on even skimpier evidence. I personally got a big story wrong last year: I predicted Fox’s Sean Hannity would pay a price for hyping the cause of racist grifter Cliven Bundy, especially after Stephen Colbert flayed him for it. But he didn’t. So while I hope to be wrong this time — by underestimating Roger Ailes’s conscience, rather than exaggerating it – I don’t expect to be. The good news is, I’ve covered a lot of unruly protests in my time. I’m glad to know I can now claim to have “survived a combat operation.” Thanks, Bill!",1
1715,Hillary’s cash flow issue,"Killing Obama administration rules, dismantling Obamacare and pushing through tax reform are on the early to-do list.",1
2773,Iran Gives Investors Glimpse of $30 Billion in Oil Deals to Come,"Iran is targeting about $30 billion in investment by offering 70 oil and natural gas projects to international companies as the Persian Gulf country anticipates the lifting of economic sanctions.

Iranian officials presented the projects at a two-day conference in Tehran as part of an effort to attract more than $100 billion to revive the energy and petrochemicals industries and generate much-needed government income. Oil Minister Bijan Namdar Zanganeh introduced them along with a new type of investor contract offering better incentives than the buy-back agreements Iran offered in the past. The work covers 52 production and 18 exploration projects, both onshore and in the Gulf and Caspian Sea.

Iran is offering a negotiable framework for new oil deals rather than a uniform contract for all investors, Roknoddin Javadi, managing director at National Iranian Oil Co., said Saturday in Tehran. The government may modify the framework and plans to present more details in February at a conference in London, Seyed Mehdi Hosseini, chairman of the ministry’s Oil Contract Restructuring Committee, said Sunday in an interview.

Here are five things to know about this turning point in Iran’s campaign to upgrade its energy industry:

* The new investor contract will give companies a share of the oil they produce and let them sell it globally, Hosseini said in Tehran. International companies will be paid in cash or in kind based on a fee per barrel, Talin Mansourian, a consultant with Hosseini’s committee, said Saturday. Iran would reduce the fee if oil prices fell by more than 50 percent and increase it if prices rose by a corresponding amount, Mansourian said.

Iran’s old buy-back deals paid companies a fixed fee regardless of how much oil they produced and offered them no incentive to exceed output targets. Buy-backs also paid no compensation to companies that spent more than budgeted amounts to develop a field.

Under the new contracts, the NIOC won’t limit capital spending and will approve budgets on a yearly basis, though companies still won’t receive a higher fee if they produce above their output targets, Hosseini said.

* The new contracts will be valid for 20 years, with possible extensions to 25 years. Buy-back agreements were limited to seven years, which wasn’t enough time for companies to make adequate returns on their investments, Total SA Chief Executive Officer Patrick Pouyanne said last month in Abu Dhabi.

Investors should be able to recover their development costs five to seven years after starting production, according to Iranian officials. Companies that come up empty-handed after exploring for oil or gas can search for fuel in nearby areas. Under buy-backs, they had to stick to development plans agreed upon before work began and were barred from exploring new areas.

* Companies will be able to negotiate directly for some contracts, and Iran could sign its first deal as early as March or April, Hosseini said. Iran won’t allow foreign companies to escape their contractual obligations if the U.S. or another party re-imposes unilateral sanctions, said Seyed Mostafa Zeynoddin, an adviser to the committee. If the UN restores sanctions, a company could claim force majeure if unable to execute a contract, he said.

* International investors must team up with local partners that the Iranian government selects, and they can’t own hydrocarbon deposits. Iran will let international and local companies determine the stakes each will hold in joint-ventures formed to develop fields.

* Iran is preparing to start the bidding process for oil and gas rights by the next Iranian calendar year starting March 21. Companies will be asked to make bids based on a per-barrel development fee, Mansourian said. NIOC will announce other terms when it starts the tendering process in four to five months, she said.",1
3733,"Charleston church massacre suspect caught, but answers elude victims' loved ones","Police on Thursday nabbed the 21-year-old man suspected of gunning down nine people gathered for Bible study in a Charleston, S.C., church, nearly 14 hours later and 240 miles away after an all-night manhunt.

Dylann Roof, of Columbia, was captured without incident just before noon in a traffic stop after a tip led police to Shelby, N.C. He was in the black Hyundai sedan seen fleeing the horrific scene at Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church, where the church's pastor, Clementa Pinckney, who was also a state senator, was among those killed.

“We had a number of tips that were coming in,” Charleston Police Chief Greg Mullen said. “It was amazing the fact that we had teams ... standing by. Whenever we got a lead ... we sent out teams. It was a tremendous effort.”

“I am so pleased that we were able to resolve this case quickly ... so that nobody else is harmed by this individual.”

Roof waived extradition and was put on a plane from North Carolina on Thursday afternoon, authorities said. He was being held at a detention center pending a bond hearing, Charleston Police tweeted Thursday evening.

With Roof in custody, the focus turned to his motives and the victims in the horrific attack that shocked Charleston's close-knit African-American community and prompted President Obama, who knew Pinckney, to say it “raises questions about a dark part of history.""

“I’ve had to make statements like this too many times,” Obama said. “Communities like this have had to endure tragedies like this too many times. Once again, innocent people were killed because someone who wanted to inflict harm had no trouble getting their hands on a gun.""

At least two people survived the attack. One was reportedly a five-year-old girl who obeyed her grandmother's instructions to play dead and the other was a woman whom the gunman freed to ""tell the world"" what happened, according to reports.

Pinckney, 41, had been a pastor since he was 18 and was the youngest African-American elected to the South Carolina legislature when he won office in 1996 at age 23 and had been a state senator since 2000.

Also identified by the Charleston County officials as among the dead were:

Police and local officials immediately branded the shooting spree a hate crime, and the Department of Justice announced Thursday morning that it had opened an investigation into whether federal charges were warranted.

Roof's childhood friend, Joey Meek, alerted the FBI after recognizing him in a surveillance camera image that was widely circulated, said Meek's mother, Kimberly Konzny. Roof had worn the same sweatshirt while playing Xbox videogames in their home recently.

""I don't know what was going through his head,"" Konzny said. ""He was a really sweet kid. He was quiet. He only had a few friends.""

The Post and Courier reported that Roof was arrested twice in South Carolina and was jailed in March in Lexington County on a drug charge. Roof received a .45-caliber pistol from his father for his 21st birthday in April, his uncle told Reuters. The uncle told the news agency that police were at the suspect's mother's home shortly after the shooting.

Dot Scott, the president of the Charleston NAACP, told the Post and Courier newspaper that she had spoken with a female survivor who said the gunman told the woman he was letting her live so she could tell others what had happened.

""There is no greater coward than a criminal who enters a house of God and slaughters innocent people engaged in the study of Scripture,"" NAACP President and CEO Cornell Brooks said in a statement Thursday. ""Today I mourn as an AME minister, as a student and teacher of scripture, as well as a member of the NAACP.""

The church is a well-known landmark in Charleston, known as ""The Holy City"" because of its many houses of worship and denominations. The church traces its roots to 1816 when African-American members of the city's Methodist Episcopal Church, led by a freed slave, broke away to form their own congregation. The church was burned to the ground in the 1820s, and rebuilt a decade later.

The campaign of GOP presidential hopeful Jeb Bush sent out an email saying that due to the shooting, the candidate had canceled an event planned in the city Thursday. South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley issued a statement calling the shooting a ""senseless tragedy.""

The Associated Press contributed to this report.

Click for more from the Post and Courier.",1
2722,William F. Buckley would have loathed Fox News: Inside the right-wing media’s intellectual downfall,"William’s wife, Patricia, turned the maisonette into a quarry of precious metals and shiny trinkets that, for a certain kind of person, might necessitate sunglasses or anticonvulsants. Eclectic, hectic, and loaded in every sense, the duplex was a motherlode of hand-painted floor screens and mother-of-pearl tables, its walls splashed with flashy modernist paintings and lit with leaded Tiffany lamps. But despite the bonanza of gilded pier glasses and silver sconces and bronze flowerpots, it was a harpsichord that held the home together. The man-of-the-house’s chief contribution to the glittering litter was a seventeenth-century keyboard, and he placed it in the marble foyer so that guests saw it first—as if to clear any suspicion that his wife’s knack for chintz reflected on his personal taste in art. Buckley, who called the harpsichord “the instrument I love beyond all others,” had matching models in his Connecticut mansion and Swiss chalet; the conservative scion would entertain his visitors with a tune as often as an epigram. Bach was his muse as much as Edmund Burke.

This love of his provides a rare moment of peace in “Best of Enemies,” a turbulent, whiplash-inducing new film on the rivalry between Buckley and Gore Vidal. (In fact the music of Bach is a through-line in the documentary, serving as Buckley’s leitmotif.) After well over an hour of watching the men trade petty points and cheap insults—in archival footage, not the grave, though a psychic medium may easily prove otherwise—we see Buckley pull up his bench and play a Bach prelude in C, the simplest, most uncluttered of key signatures. The effort, contemplative and composed, is the film’s only moment of civility. (Early on, Vidal gives us an idyllic tour of his estate in Salerno, but he leads us immediately to the bathroom, where Buckley’s portrait hangs next to the toilet.) An amateur musician but not a dabbler, Buckley performed in the ’80s and ’90s with a roster of symphonies around the country, honing his skill with almost spiritual devotion. (“Art of any sort,” he once wrote, “is very, very serious business: that which is sublime can’t be anything less.”) His worship of Bach, a lifelong attachment, mirrored his intellectual manner. Like Bach’s themes, his arguments in writing and speech were famously complex, surprising, winding, and sonorous. As with any player of polyphony, Buckley showed considerable sleight of hand in teasing out parallels and resolving contradictions. Baroque music, which is contrapuntal, makes no great fuss about harmony, surely an appealing trait to a contrarian at odds with society. Like Bach, Buckley inevitably clung to the counterpoint.

I harp on music because “Best of Enemies” harps on dissonance. Directed by Morgan Neville and the Oscar-winning Robert Gordon, this is a serious film by serious filmmakers, and it seeks to understand the decay of American commentary into white noise. Why, the film wonders, do Americans hope to divine the truth in 60-second shouting matches rather than 6,000-word features? Why do the opinion programs scuttle the well-read in favor of those who can barely decipher a teleprompter? Why does Fox News boom with the authority of Mount Sinai? Why, when parsing a point, do its hosts sound like a hernia is rending their groin? Why do our congressmen echo the same guttural sound bites? Why has the United States traded an intelligentsia for a punditocracy?

For Gordon and Neville, these rhetorical questions do not have a rhetorical answer, and they point their plugged ears at the rhetoric of Buckley and Vidal, whom they take to be the media’s original screaming heads. They circle the writers with yellow tape, saying they’ve found the epicenter of the shift. They diagnose Buckley and Vidal as patients zero of our madness, of our newsmen’s hysterics and our leaders’ strain of Tourette’s. At best, this is half true.

The decline and fall of the chattering class began in 1968, the filmmakers say, and in a certain sense they are right. In that year, ABC, one of three television channels, lagged far behind NBC and CBS in ratings, and when its competitors bought up the rights to report from the Republican and Democratic national conventions, the network hatched a plan. It would hire two writers to comment on the presidential nominees. They would perch on America’s left and right shoulders and vie for its conscience. But both of them acted like devils and raised hell from the first debate to the tenth. Despite the authors’ aristocratic airs and Mid-Atlantic inflections, Buckley hissed through his drawl as Vidal thumbed his Aquiline nose at him.

The clamor began well before the opening bell. As the film recalls, Vidal courted Buckley’s rage years earlier, lampooning him on “The Tonight Show.” At the Republican convention in 1964, Vidal embarrassed him again in front of a national audience, airing remarks from a campaign official about Buckley’s relationship with Barry Goldwater, then running for president. Before the 1968 debates, featured in the film, Vidal hired a researcher to help him smear Buckley and wrote his put-downs in advance, testing them on ABC’s cameramen and gophers. The liberal Vidal called his opponent a prophet of greed, the “Marie Antoinette of the right wing,” and the inspiration for Myra Breckinridge (the transsexual rapist in Vidal’s novel by the same name). When Vidal dismissed California’s conservative governor as an “aging juvenile actor,” Buckley defended Ronald Reagan by playfully dismissing Vidal’s film efforts. (“If ABC has the authority to invite the author of ‘Myra Breckinridge’ to comment on Republican politics, I think that the people of California have the right, when they speak overwhelmingly, to project somebody into national politics even if he did commit the sin of having acted in movies that were not written by Mr. Vidal”). Bickering became screaming in the melodrama’s final act, when Vidal labeled Buckley a “crypto-Nazi,” a weightier offense in postwar America than today, and Buckley called him a “queer” and threatened to “sock him in the goddamn face.” Buckley, a veteran of the Second World War, took the insult especially hard, having spent much of his career trying to purge conservatism of its anti-Semitic elements and having succeeded in marginalizing the John Birch Society.

If we believe the film, then, the ten-episode kerfuffle, shocking to ’60s viewers, was a historic moment on TV that changed discourse forever. We are reminded that at one point ABC’s studio at the convention actually collapsed — a metaphor for the shockwaves of the debaters’ sonic boom. While journalists panned the program as so much hot air, ABC sucked in a massive new audience and a windfall of advertising dollars. The hubbub was a boon, and the network and its competitors would try to revive the debates’ flare in future political coverage. They would prioritize noise over reason, shouting over thinking, and anoint pundits as America’s kingmakers.

But including Buckley in this category is more than a violation of good manners. As he might say about socialism — however wrongly, I might add — such a sentiment commits the sin of overreaching. Buckley, for all of his objectionable politics, was nonetheless the quintessential anti-pundit, and his example could serve as a timely antidote to the poor state of contemporary opinion, particularly in his own party.

Though Vidal said after the debates that he was glad to have given the audience “their money’s worth,” Buckley considered the argument a “disaster.” Vidal replayed the debates obsessively in his dotage, but they embarrassed Buckley to the end of his days, and he wished ABC had destroyed the tapes. (Buckley had wanted “to talk about the Republican Convention,” he said, but he found it “difficult to do so when you have somebody like this, who speaks in such burps and who likes to be naughty, which has proven to be a professional, highly merchandisable vice.”)

His outburst brought him lasting guilt, and Gordon and Neville show their sense of irony when Buckley plays Bach’s “Well-Tempered Clavier” midway through the film. If they give Vidal a theme, it is Purcell’s “Funeral March for Queen Mary,” a piece popularly associated with “A Clockwork Orange” — an allusion to the social, political, and rhetorical upheavals that Vidal helped kick off. (Vidal claimed in the Paris Review that he was “not musical,” which might explain the shrill tone of his essays.)

Noise is to music as confusion is to reason, and Buckley was as practiced a logician as a pianist. Indeed, the historian Sam Tanenhaus, interviewed at length in the film, describes him as the “great debater of his time.” Genuine debate needn’t traffic in shame or tinnitus, and Buckley eschewed the low-rung slur as much as he shied from the high-pitched shout. This is not to say that he wanted for wit, which he had aplenty, but that he used it only to ornament a fully developed theme. (If insults do not replace an argument, they can do healthy, illuminating work in revealing the hypocrisy or absurdity of a figure heaped in public praise. To object is to deny that character as well as ideology shapes history; it’s to deny that politics are personal.) Buckley would argue steadily and quietly, holding forth with a hushed assurance that would seldom rush or halt his opponent’s assertions. Like any trained musician, he had that quality of self-mastery which the world used to call virtue. His willingness and eagerness to listen, the mark of an able and disciplined ear, and his love for the long phrase and extended argument gave him doubts about TV. Though Vidal said he would “never miss a chance to have sex or appear on television,” Buckley believed there was “an implicit conflict of interest between that which is highly viewable and that which is illuminating.” Yet the show he hosted, “Firing Line,” had an enduring impact on the marketplace of ideas: It ran for 33 years, longer than any other public-affairs program, and won an Emmy for its commitment to spirited inquiry. He questioned guests who agreed with him (Ronald Reagan, Margaret Thatcher, Milton Friedman, Friedrich Hayek) as eagerly as those who did not (Jimmy Carter, Noam Chomsky, Saul Alinsky, Christopher Hitchens). Speaking to the show’s long format, a largesse for probing conversation, the economist John Kenneth Galbraith said that “’Firing Line’ is one of the rare occasions when you have a chance to correct the errors of the man who’s interrogating you.” Hitchens echoed the sentiment: “I did my first ‘Firing Line’ in 1983 and swiftly learned that if I left the studio cursing at what I hadn’t said, it was my own fault.” Buckley’s desire to persuade rather than overpower, and his willingness to cope with the otherness of others’ views, earned him fast friends among the left-leaning intelligentsia. Galbraith, Murray Kempton, and Mario Cuomo all found in him a receptive and challenging companion. In the pages of National Review, the magazine he founded, he helped launch the career of Joan Didion, though her liberal awakening happened later. His lifelong friendship with Norman Mailer is the subject of a new book by Kevin Schultz, “Buckley and Mailer,” that gives the lie to the film’s charge of divisiveness. It is a meticulous portrait of two radicals who meet at the margins. Buckley even has my own respect, though I find many of his positions odious. I’m at least as leftist as the late Mr. Vidal, but I stick my fingers in my ears only half as much. Buckley’s brand of anti-statism, his hatred of the New Deal and the Great Society and federal intervention of any kind, owed to a neurotic Cold War fear of collectivism. (His anti-interventionism even led him to oppose the Civil Rights Act, a heinous lapse of judgment that he later recanted.) In Vietnam he thought we were staring down the Four Horsemen. All his life, he kissed the ring of the war criminal Henry Kissinger. His fear of big government excused the worst indignities of big money, enshrining inequality as patriotism. “The socialized state is to justice, order, and freedom what the Marquis de Sade is to love,” he once wrote, rather sadistically. As with many conservatives, his defense of liberty against the state was genuine but misguided. He despised totalitarianism as fiercely as I do, and he railed against the Soviet Union in an era of détente. But on a domestic level, I part from him on the matter of social welfare, in that I consider freedom null and void if swaths of the population are so disenfranchised they can’t make full use of it—economically, politically, biologically. Unlike my opponents, I refuse to forget the third item in Jefferson’s list of inalienable rights: “life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.” Some found Buckley calculating and cold. His rhetoric, they said, was all head and no heart. It is a charge often brought against Bach, this idea of enthroning reason and suppressing the passions. It is also a common criticism of Plato. Yet conservatism fills an important role in society. In the body politic, the right hand is as essential as the left. Liberals ask what we can gain from change, while conservatives ask what we can lose. At every moment of crisis, this is a valuable conversation to have—if it is in fact a conversation. Otherwise it evokes a kind of madness, like talking to oneself in the subway. Nowadays, blather rattles the land like thunder. In cabs, diners, and doctors’ waiting rooms, the din of stupid opinion yields only to the grinding of one’s teeth. But for our lightbulbs, we would seem to be entering a dark age. The noise today is relentless, enough to inspire thoughts of taking a drill to one’s eardrums. It is inescapable, this babbling rabble of 24-hour TV. Bill O’Reilly seems to be always on the verge of an aneurysm. Greta Van Susteren, a Scientologist with a questionable grasp of reality, grunts and slurs like a bartender who’s her own best customer. Nested with parrots and mockingbirds, the Capitol Building has become an echo chamber for Fox News. Senator Ted Cruz, a champion Princeton debater and a Harvard doctor of law, now sounds like Sarah Palin with more testosterone. A Bach fugue is as trying on the hands as on the head, and if Buckley the writer and musician aspired to self-mastery, it was in the pursuit of excellence. Excellence, of course, is the antithesis of our leaders’ and pundits’ lack of seriousness, discipline, and integrity. When asked to provide a mission statement for The National Review, Buckley turned to the question of character: “The largest cultural menace in America is the conformity of the intellectual cliques which, in education as well as the arts, are out to impose upon the nation their modish fads and fallacies, and have nearly succeeded in doing so. In this cultural issue, we are, without reservations, on the side of excellence … and of honest intellectual combat (rather than conformity).” Though some suspect Buckley of elitism, his demand for excellence simply set him against mediocrity. This is as it should be. His intellect, eloquence, and candor would be a tonic for the oafs now puffing themselves up as Republican messiahs. In its most noxious strain, their populism equates to craven demagoguery and outright philistinism. Such thinking prevents the consideration of radical, inventive, unique voices and ensures that politicians, on the right but also on the politically correct left, remain toadies to their respective orthodoxies. A master of counterpoint, Buckley despised orthodoxy within his own movement. He spurned dogma and hewed to original principles as the need arose. The rigor of his views did not lend themselves to rigor mortis, and he often veered radically from orthodoxy in favor of the practically radical or radically practical. When entering the public sphere, he was reluctant to accept the conservative label, preferring to call himself an “individualist.” He once wrote that “intelligent deference to tradition and stability can evolve into intellectual sloth and moral fanaticism, as when conservatives simply decline to look up from dogma because the effort to raise their heads and reconsider is too great.” So he opposed the War on Drugs, its bitter financial and human costs, and supported the legalization of illicit substances. Though Libertarians cite him as a kind of hero, he rejected their desire to demolish the state, to privatize all public works, as the most ridiculous kind of utopianism. In a debate with Ron Paul on “Firing Line,” he held that “the libertarian position is discredited by a kind of reductionism that is simply incompatible with social life.” He might say the same of his ideological heirs, on the airwaves and the National Mall, who crank their bullhorns of drivel to one hundred decibels. They spout so much sound and fury signifying nothing.",1
1161,"Listen to the Donald Trump voters: It has taken an ignorant demagogue to tell truth about GOP, humiliate party establishment","The GOP establishment has seen all of its candidates not merely beaten, but utterly humiliated, by an aggressively ignorant demagogue, whose rhetoric makes him sound like a cheap knockoff of Benito Mussolini and George Wallace.

Why? A look at the facts of American economic life suggests that the rubes have decided they’re tired of being played for marks, which explains why the GOP establishment’s siren song about the Land of Opportunity is no longer doing the trick.

The basic myth the right wing of The Money Party has sold to Republican voters over the past 40 years (the left wing of the party is called the Democrats) goes like this: the economy boomed in the decades immediately after World War II, and standards of living rose rapidly.  But since then, too much government regulation, too many taxes, and an overly generous welfare system that has made Those People even lazier than they were before have combined to kill the American dream.

That is why ordinary Americans (aka working and middle-class white people) have bank accounts that don’t reflect the rewards they should have received for all their hard work. If not for government meddling we would have a thriving economy, just like the one we enjoyed back in the good old days.

All this is a fantastic lie, as a glance at the actual economic history of America since 1945 illustrates.  (In what follows, all figures have been converted to constant, inflation-adjusted dollars).

America is a vastly wealthier country today than it was forty years ago.  Furthermore, on a per-person basis, the country’s wealth has increased far more over the past four decades than it did in the thirty years immediately after World War II.

Here are the numbers: between 1945 and 1974, per capita GDP in the U.S. grew from $17,490 to $27,837.  That is an impressive improvement, but it pales in comparison to what has happened since: in 2014, per capita GDP was $55,185, i.e., almost exactly double what it was in 1974.  In terms of economic output, the country is twice as rich per person now as it was then.

Where has all this money gone?  The answer ought to shock anyone who cares about either economic opportunity or increasing inequality.  The average household income of the bottom 50% of American households was $25,475 in 1974, and $26,520  in 2014.  In other words, half the population has gotten essentially none of the extra $10 trillion dollars of national wealth that the American economy has generated over the past forty years.

Keep in mind that this group includes fully half of the nation’s middle class, by every standard definition of that category. Meanwhile, over this same time, the average household income of the top five percent of American households (most of the members of this group would not, of course, consider themselves rich, let alone part of the actual plutocracy) has gone from $187,729 to $332,347.  As for the really rich, the numbers are truly staggering: in constant, inflation-adjusted dollars, the household income of the top 0.01% (roughly, the nation’s 13,000 richest households) increased by about seven-fold, from less than $5 million to more than $30 million per year. Of course, some of Trump’s appeal is based on his willingness to exploit racism and xenophobia while speaking to the economic anxieties of white middle and working class voters.  But establishment politicians are making a big mistake when they under-estimate the extent to which Trump’s message – crude and bombastic as it is — that Americans were winners but are now losers, resonates with the actual life experience of so many people. These people are angry about what has happened to them and their communities, and especially angry about the empty promises of a Republican party that is run for the almost exclusive benefit of the rich.  The half of America that gets along on $40,000, or $25,000, or $10,000 per year doesn’t care about cutting capital gains taxes or getting rid of the estate tax (which already exempts the “first” $11 million of a married couple’s wealth), and it isn’t enthusiastic about slashing Social Security and Medicare either. To the contrary, all these things are the pet projects of the Republican donor class.  For forty years the GOP has managed to manipulate culture war issues and racial and ethnic animosities to hide from its base two facts: the contemporary Republican party exists to protect the economic interests of that class, and those interests don’t actually align with the economic interests of middle- and working-class Americans, even if they happen to be white and culturally conservative. That it took a shameless foul-mouthed egomaniacal reality TV star to speak this truth in such a way that Republican voters would hear it is a sad comment on the state of our politics and culture.",1
683,Clinton says electing Trump would be 'historic mistake',"The former secretary of state warned that a Trump presidency could spark nuclear conflicts overseas and ignite economic catastrophe at home.

Previewing a rancorous fall campaign, Hillary Clinton assailed Donald Trump on Thursday as a potential president who would lead America toward war and economic crisis. She portrayed her own foreign policy as optimistic, inclusive, and diplomatic, born from long experience in public life.

There was nothing diplomatic in her remarks, a clear indication of how she'll take Mr. Trump on. Electing him, she said, would be ""a historic mistake.""

During a speech in San Diego that was billed as a foreign policy address, the Democratic former secretary of state unloaded on her likely Republican election opponent, counting down reasons he is not qualified - from his aggressive Twitter attacks to his emotional outbursts.

""He is not just unprepared; he is temperamentally unfit,"" she told supporters in a ballroom. ""We cannot let him roll the dice with America.""

She said a Trump presidency could spark nuclear conflicts overseas and ignite economic catastrophe at home.

""There's no risk of people losing their lives if you blow up a golf course deal, but it doesn't work like that in world affairs,"" Ms. Clinton said of the celebrity businessman. ""The stakes in global statecraft are infinitely higher and more complex than in the world of luxury hotels.""

She mocked Trump's Twitter blasts and predicted he was preparing more as she spoke. As if on cue, he tweeted after she finished: ""Bad performance by Crooked Hillary Clinton! Reading poorly from the telepromter! She doesn't even look presidential!""

Trump, meanwhile, got an endorsement he'd been seeking, from Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan, who had resisted even after the businessman clinched the GOP nomination.

Clinton's robust assault on Trump was widely carried on television, a change for the leading Democratic candidate who's frequently struggled to break through coverage of Trump.

She is ramping up her criticism of the presumptive Republican nominee and trying to quell concerns within her own party that she isn't ready to rumble with the famously combative Trump. She offered a number of aggressive new attack lines, at times baiting Trump to respond by calling him ""thin skinned.""

She hit Trump for his reality television past, for his snarky Twitter feed, for his hotel experience.

She ran down a list of people he has insulted, including the pope.

And she assailed Trump over many statements, criticizing him for seeking to ban Muslims from entering the country, for talking about leaving NATO, and for suggesting Japan could one day acquire nuclear weapons.

""He has the gall to say prisoners of war like John McCain aren't heroes,"" Clinton said. ""He says he has foreign policy experience because he ran the Miss Universe pageant.""

Emphasizing her experience as first lady, senator, and secretary of state, Clinton said she recognizes what it means to deploy American troops and would provide the steady diplomacy the country needs.

Clinton and Trump offer starkly different visions of US foreign policy. Her proposals reflect the traditional approach of both major parties. Despite differences on some issues, such as the Iraq war and Iran, Democratic and Republican presidents have been generally consistent on policies affecting China, Russia, North Korea, nuclear proliferation, trade, alliances, and many other issues.

Trump's ""America first"" approach is short on details but appeals to angry voters who believe that successive leaders have weakened the country and have been duped into bad trade deals that cost American jobs.

Trump accused Clinton of lying about his foreign policy plans at a rally in Sacramento, Calif., Wednesday night.

""She lies. She made a speech and she's making another one tomorrow. And they sent me a copy of the speech and it was such lies about my foreign policy,"" Trump said.

""They said I want Japan ... to get nuclear weapons. Give me a break,"" he objected. ""I want Japan and Germany and Saudi Arabia and South Korea and many of the NATO nations – they owe us tremendous. We're taking care of all these people. And what I want them to do is pay up.""

Trump has suggested in the past that he might be OK with Japan one day obtaining nuclear weapons.

In recent days, Clinton has criticized Trump over his business practices, his resistance to disclose which charities received money he raised during a January fundraiser for veterans' causes, and the now-defunct Trump University. On Wednesday she called him a ""fraud"" and said the real estate mogul had taken advantage of vulnerable Americans.

Trump has pushed back. On the education company, he has maintained that customers were overwhelmingly satisfied with the offerings.

While Clinton is stressing her concerns about Trump, she is still dealing with her primary race. She needs just 70 more delegates to win the Democratic primary, but is dealing with a tough fight with rival Bernie Sanders in California.",1
481,Conservatives Cheer Research Saying Cuts To Unemployment Benefits Helped The Economy,"WASHINGTON -- A new research paper suggests Congress helped the economy to the tune of nearly 2 million jobs when lawmakers killed long-term unemployment benefits at the end of 2013.

The working paper, by economists Marcus Hagedorn, Iourii Manovskii and Kurt Mitman, is a boon to congressional Republicans who insisted the benefits not be renewed. The Wall Street Journal editorial board trumpeted the findings and the House Ways and Means Committee, chaired by Rep. Paul Ryan (R-Wis.), touted the paper on its blog.

But while the study might help the GOP take credit for an improving economy, the story isn't so simple, as several other recent studies have found the long-term benefits weren't holding back workers.

The new paper says the benefit cut led to 1.8 million additional jobs last year. ""Almost 1 million of these jobs were filled by workers from out of the labor force who would not have participated in the labor market had benefit extensions been reauthorized,"" the authors write.

They reached their conclusion by comparing the 2014 employment growth of adjacent counties in separate states, since the federal unemployment insurance program that expired in December 2013 offered different durations of benefits depending on a state's unemployment rate. Using Labor Department data, the paper found that counties in states that lost out on more weeks of benefits saw higher job growth. In other words, they were better off without the benefits.

The finding is contrary to predictions from the Obama administration and the Congressional Budget Office, which assumed keeping the extended unemployment compensation through 2014 would boost the economy. Other studies have found that the long-term jobless aid in place since 2008 didn't reduce the likelihood that laid off workers would take available jobs.

Some commentators, both liberal and conservative, have taken issue with the paper's methodology. Using a different set of Labor Department data, Dean Baker of the Center for Economic and Policy Research found a smaller increase in employment in states where the benefit cut was deeper.

For some of the workers whose benefits ended that December, hardship ensued -- at least in the short term. Things got desperate for Charlie Walker of Phoenixville, Pennsylvania, for instance, before he got a new job last fall. And Brian Krueger of Mount Horeb, Wisconsin, only got back to work in May 2014 after going on food stamps and nearly losing his house. He doesn't see himself as part of a happy story about the economy improving.",1
1917,The GOP front-runner? It's not Jeb Bush,A verdict in 2017 could have sweeping consequences for tech startups.,1
3141,Critics pounce as Obama again shows he isn’t easy on America,"President Obama has never been one to go easy on America.

As a new president, he dismissed the idea of American exceptionalism, noting that Greeks think their country is special, too. He labeled the Bush-era interrogation practices, euphemistically called “harsh” for years, as torture. America, he has suggested, has much to answer given its history in Latin America and the Middle East.

His latest challenge came Thursday at the National Prayer Breakfast. At a time of global anxiety over Islamist terrorism, Obama noted pointedly that his fellow Christians, who make up a vast majority of Americans, should perhaps not be the ones who cast the first stone.

“Humanity has been grappling with these questions throughout human history,” he told the group, speaking of the tension between the compassionate and murderous acts religion can inspire. “And lest we get on our high horse and think this is unique to some other place, remember that during the Crusades and the Inquisition, people committed terrible deeds in the name of Christ. In our home country, slavery and Jim Crow all too often was justified in the name of Christ.”

[The Fix: Why Obama invoked the Crusades — and what it says about how he views terrorism]

Some Republicans were outraged. “The president’s comments this morning at the prayer breakfast are the most offensive I’ve ever heard a president make in my lifetime,” said former Virginia governor Jim Gilmore (R). “He has offended every believing Christian in the United States. This goes further to the point that Mr. Obama does not believe in America or the values we all share.”

Obama’s remarks spoke to his unsparing, sometimes controversial, view of the United States — where triumphalism is often overshadowed by a harsh assessment of where Americans must try harder to live up to their own self-image. Only by admitting these shortcomings, he has argued, can we fix problems and move beyond them.

“There is a tendency in us, a sinful tendency, that can pervert and distort our faith,” he said at the breakfast.

But many critics believe that the president needs to focus more on enemies of the United States.

Russell Moore, president of the Southern Baptist Ethics and Religious Liberty Commission, called Obama’s comments about Christianity “an unfortunate attempt at a wrongheaded moral comparison.”

What we need more is a “moral framework from the administration and a clear strategy for defeating ISIS,” he said, using an acronym for the Islamic State.

Obama spoke a day after meeting with Muslim leaders, in what participants said was his first roundtable with a Muslim-only group since taking office. The Muslim leaders argued that their community has faced unfair scrutiny in the wake of terrorist attacks overseas. Although the White House released only a broad description of the meeting — which touched on issues including racial profiling — participants said it gave them a chance to express their concerns directly to the president.

Farhana Khera, executive director of the civil rights group Muslim Advocates, one of 13 participants, said the session gave Obama a chance to focus on Muslim Americans the way he has done with other constituencies, such as African American and Jewish groups.

“I started off by saying the biggest concern I hear from Muslim parents is their fear that their children will be ashamed to be Muslim” because of discrimination, Khera said. “We are asking him to use his bully pulpit to have a White House summit on hate crimes against religious minorities, much like the summit on bullying reset the conversation around LGBT youth.”

Obama emphasized the need to respect minorities in his speech Thursday, saying it was part of the obligation Americans face as members of a diverse and open society, “And if, in fact, we defend the legal right of a person to insult another’s religion, we’re equally obligated to use our free speech to condemn such insults — and stand shoulder to shoulder with religious communities, particularly religious minorities who are the targets of such attacks.”

[WATCH: Listen to what Obama said]

For the president, the prayer breakfast represented a role he has played before: explaining to Americans why others might see things differently. Joshua DuBois, who headed the White House Office of Faith Based and Neighborhood Partnerships under Obama and has served as an informal spiritual adviser, said the president is conscious of the fact that Islam is an abstraction for much of the general public.

“The president, as a Christian, knows many American Muslims,” DuBois said. “Unfortunately, a lot of folks in our country don’t have close relationships with Muslims. The only time they’re hearing about Islam is in the context of the foreign policy crisis or what’s happening with ISIS.”

As a result, many Americans have an increasingly hostile view of Islam. A Pew Research Center survey last fall found that half of Americans think the Islamic religion is more likely than others to encourage violence, while 39 percent said it does not. The view that Islam is more apt to encourage violent acts rose 12 percentage points from the beginning of 2014 and was double the number who said so in March 2002 — less than a year after the Sept. 11 attacks.

In the past, Obama has used stark, personal terms to describe ongoing tensions between African Americans and America’s white majority. When discussing the acquittal of George Zimmerman in the February 2012 shooting of Trayvon Martin, a black teenager, he spoke of being trailed while shopping in a department store and hearing the locks on cars click as he walked down the street.

But he has also framed the most incendiary aspects of race relations — whether it’s the moment when his former pastor, the Rev. Jeremiah A. Wright, thundered “God damn America” from the pulpit or the shooting of another unarmed young black man, Michael Brown — as an opportunity to test the concept of American exceptionalism.

He titled the 2008 speech he delivered in Philadelphia about Wright “A More Perfect Union,” a phrase he echoed 6 / years later when he addressed the United Nations General Assembly.

“We welcome the scrutiny of the world — because what you see in America is a country that has steadily worked to address our problems and make our union more perfect,” he said. “America is not the same as it was 100 years ago, 50 years ago or even a decade ago. Because we fight for our ideals and are willing to criticize ourselves when we fall short.”

But each of these admissions of fault — whether it is Obama’s acknowledgment during his 2009 Cairo speech that the United States was involved in the 1953 coup overthrowing the government of Iranian Prime Minister Mohammad Mossadegh or the suggestion that America has “a moral responsibility to act” on arms control because only the United States had “used a nuclear weapon” — has drawn sharp criticism from opponents.

Obama has argued that United States is exceptional because it responds to its citizens’ frank assessments of whether it lives up to its core values. And he has defended the exceptional role it plays in the world given its military power and political traditions, like when Obama decided to intervene in Libya on the grounds that it is not in America’s nature to stand by while a civilian population is threatened.

But he has always argued that straying from those values, as he believes happened during the George W. Bush administration, weakens the United States. “We went off course,” he said early in his presidency of the detention and interrogation practices of his predecessor, and he pledged to end torture, close the military prison at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and correct what he defined as mistakes America made during the country’s “season of fear.”

Critics say that Obama is chastising the wrong people.

“The evil actions that he mentioned were clearly outside the moral parameters of Christianity itself and were met with overwhelming moral opposition from Christians,” Moore said. He added that while he understood Obama’s attempt to make sure “he is not heard as saying that all Muslims are terrorists, I think most people know that at this point.”

Michelle Boorstein and Scott Clement contributed to this report.",1
1021,Cruz allies prevail in North Dakota delegate race,"Fargo, North Dakota (CNN) Ted Cruz claimed a majority of delegates in North Dakota on Sunday -- though the delegates are not bound to him, so their loyalty remains uncertain.

North Dakota Republicans selected 25 national delegates and, of those, 18 were on a list of preferred delegates that Cruz circulated -- a clear win for the Texas senator.

The delegates met Sunday evening, just as the convention ended, and selected State Party Chairman Kelly Armstrong to be chair their convention delegation and chose Republican National Committeeman Curly Haugland and RNC Committeewoman Sandy Boehler to serve on the powerful convention rules committee.

Party leaders make up many of the slots, including Gov. Jack Dalrymple, First Lady Betsy Dalrymple, Attorney General Wayne Stenehjem and top party donors. But party activists won a good number of slots, too.

The delegates who said they were supporting Cruz Sunday were adamant in their support. Rick Becker, who ran a close race for the Republican nomination for governor at the convention, said he didn't want to hold out making a decision in order to be wooed by candidates.

""Should I play that game? No, I don't care. If I was actually undecided, I'd say that, but I just kind of, I'm always standing by principle, as boring as that might be. I know I'm going to support Cruz, I can't fathom what would occur."" Becker said. ""Holding out for a helicopter ride, or the goodie bags, or all that kind of crap. I'm just, I'm not interested in that.""

With the delegates formally unbound and free to make their own decisions at the national convention, it would be impossible to declare North Dakota's results a clear win for any of the three campaigns. But the race was on Sunday evening to do just that anyway. The Cruz campaign sought to portray the results as an unequivocal win.

""I'm thrilled to have the vote of confidence of Republican voters in North Dakota who delivered such a resounding victory today,"" Cruz said in a statement. ""As I met them over the weekend, North Dakota Republicans recognized that I am the only candidate who can move this country forward by protecting freedom and liberty. Whether we defeat Donald Trump before the convention or at it, I'm energized to have the support of the vast majority of North Dakota delegates.""

Even though none of the 17 national delegates contacted by CNN said they were voting for Kasich, the Ohio governor's campaign claimed a victory of sorts Sunday evening.

""Cruz strong arm tactics fail in ND, where he lost key floor vote & helped elect delegates who will vote @johnkasich in Cleveland. #NDGOP16"" tweeted top Kasich strategist John Weaver.

Cruz himself addressed the North Dakota Republican gathering Saturday. The other campaigns sent surrogates. Former candidate Ben Carson rallied the more than 1,600 state delegates for Trump Sunday morning, with a speech focused heavily on faith and his efforts to teach Trump religion and spirituality. But behind the scenes he lobbied North Dakota Republican brass one-on-one.

Ahead of Sunday's speech, he pulled Haugland into a private meeting, he also met privately with former Gov. Ed Schafer the night before.

""We had an opportunity to really explain things, to explain rationale for doing things,"" Carson told CNN backstage at the Scheels Arena. ""I said the proof will be in the pudding we'll see how it all comes out.""

As the delegates packed into this Fargo hockey arena for the final day of their state convention, the Trump, Cruz and Kasich campaigns worked furiously to identify supporters. Republicans were scheduled to vote for 25 national delegates from a list of 74 nominated delegates.

But the state's unique delegate selection process -- which lets delegates vote for whichever candidate they prefer at the national convention -- led to much battling between the campaigns.

North Dakota's lone congressman, Rep. Kevin Cramer, endorsed Trump Sunday, shortly before North Dakota Republicans began selecting the delegates to the national convention.

""It's something I'd been processing for a long time and it really culminated with my online straw poll where I really did want to give voice to the people who can't be here,"" Cramer said.

Because the delegates will be unbound, they are not formally committed to any campaign. But that didn't stop the campaigns from working to set expectations so they could claim victory.

Trump adviser Barry Bennett told CNN that ""a plurality"" on the list of 25 preferred were leaning toward Trump after a strong lobbying effort from Cramer, who Bennett called the Trump operation's ""Sherpa"" over the course of the hectic weekend.

""We'll be drinking champagne here all day,"" Bennett said, if the slate of 25 delegates picked by party leaders earlier this weekend passes in the convention. Of the 25 people the party leaders put forward, 16 were chosen and nine new delegates were selected.

Still, as is the case on the ground in states around the country, Cruz's campaign has had a strong presence in and around the convention. In addition to Cruz's speech on Saturday, Carly Fiorina, the former presidential candidate and top Cruz surrogate, has been meeting publicly and privately with potential delegates since Friday.

As many as 10 of the delegates on the preferred list have indicated some or solid public support for Cruz.

Kasich's delegate wranglers were equally optimistic Saturday after reviewing the list of party picks, saying they saw at least 20 on their who could be swayed to their side.

In the end, however, the decisions will not be known until the delegates place their vote on the first ballot at the national convention in Cleveland.",1
1358,Why the Iowa caucuses have such a massive impact on the presidential race,"Donald Trump has dominated the GOP presidential race for seven months. Nothing — not his many offensive comments, not his mediocre debate performances, and not the once-feared GOP establishment — has been able to stop his rise.

But on February 1, all that could change when Trump faces by far his biggest challenge yet: the Iowa caucuses.

The results in Iowa — the first time a state's actual voters weigh in in the presidential nomination contest — can make the national contest turn on a dime. Barack Obama won Iowa in 2008, and he suddenly shot up to become competitive with Hillary Clinton in national polls. John Kerry came out of nowhere to win Iowa in 2004, and the presumed leader, Howard Dean, collapsed with astonishing speed.

And Trump could be vulnerable in Iowa. He has taken the lead in recent polls, but there have been anecdotal reports suggesting that Trump's ground game — crucial in the low-turnout caucuses — is laughably inferior to Ted Cruz's. So in the first contest that really counts, Trump could end up a loser. Yet if he manages to pull off a win — watch out.

But let's step back for a minute, and ask: Why do the quirky Iowa caucuses have this tremendous impact on the race, anyway?

""What is the difference between first place and third place in Iowa going to be, 4,000 votes? It's like a student body election.""

The state is small. Its population is overwhelmingly white. Turnout for the caucuses is absurdly low. Democrats don't even get a secret ballot. And vanishingly few of the delegates who will actually determine each party's nominee at the national conventions will be from Iowa. So why do we care so much about who wins?

As I'll explain, Iowa became super important because we — the media, party insiders, activists, the candidates themselves, and even voters to an extent — gradually decided to make it so important. These key players think the caucus results reveal a great deal about which candidates can win elections elsewhere, and the contest for Iowa isn't really a contest for delegates — it's a contest to look good in their eyes.

But does Iowa's prominence make sense? Or could the obsession with its results from the media and insiders alike be a tremendous overreaction, bordering on a bizarre mass delusion — one that could end up distorting who gets nominated for president?

""What is the difference between first place and third place in Iowa going to be, 4,000 votes? It's like a student body election,"" says Stuart Stevens, who was Mitt Romney's chief strategist in 2012.

""You have to respect the absurdity of it,"" he continues. ""Or it'll drive you crazy.""

The Iowa caucuses are the first time actual voters all across any US state get up and go say who they want to be president.

And these voters do literally have to ""get up and go"" — to an in-person event, held at a specific time in the evening, at one of 1,681 precincts across the state. There's no absentee voting, so if you're bedridden or out of the state, you've historically been out of luck.

The caucuses are administered separately by each major party, and Republicans and Democrats have quite different rules. This year, the GOP contest is simple: After some opening rigmarole at their caucus sites, an ordinary secret ballot vote on presidential candidates will be conducted, and the totals will be tallied statewide.

""It's kind of like a carnival, where the candidates' supporters say, 'Come over to us!'""

The Democratic caucuses are far more complicated — they're rowdy, hours-long public affairs, with back-and-forth debate among attendees who have to go physically stand with other supporters of their preferred candidate. ""It's kind of like a carnival, where the candidates' supporters say, 'Come over to us, to our group!'"" says Drake University political scientist Dennis Goldford.

There's no secret ballot, and if a Democratic candidate doesn't get enough supporters in a precinct (15 percent of attendees), he or she is eliminated, reality show style. Here's a video showing how one precinct's caucus went down in 2008:

Like it or not, the Iowa results appear to be hugely important in determining who the major parties’ presidential nominees will be — particularly when considered alongside the impact of fellow early state New Hampshire. ""It’s not remotely a national primary. These national polls mean nothing. The nation isn't voting,"" says Stevens. Instead, it's Iowans who get the first say.

And, importantly, even if the Iowa victor doesn’t end up winning the nomination in the end, the state’s results can dramatically shake up the presidential contest — knocking some candidates out of the race entirely, while elevating others to top-tier status in the eyes of political elites and future voters.

""You think about the number of people who participate"" — usually a little over 100,000 people per party, meaning around 20 percent of eligible caucus-goers — ""and Iowa has just an amazing, outsize impact on the country,"" says Democratic pollster Stan Greenberg.

Like you and I, the political world is obsessed with the question of who can actually win in each presidential nomination race. And a large part of that world has come to believe that the caucus outcomes help shed some important light on that question. (Remember, before Iowa, assessments of who can win are mainly based on polls — and polls, of course, can be wrong.)

""Iowa has just an amazing, outsize impact on the country""

It's pretty weird: Essentially, the Iowa caucuses are important because the media, the candidates, and the political world more broadly all treat their results as greatly important in determining who can win. And this plays out in several interacting ways:

All of these dynamics, it should be noted, also apply to New Hampshire (and, to a decreasing degree, to other states as the process continues). The media, the candidates, political elites, and to a certain extent voters elsewhere all act on the signals they believe Iowa and New Hampshire are sending them. And that's how these early state contests dramatically reshape the nomination landscape long before the vast majority of the American people get to weigh in.

The earliest case in which Iowa changed everything was little-known former Georgia Gov. Jimmy Carter's victory in the 1976 Democratic caucuses. This was only the second time Iowa went first, and Carter calculated that if he won there, he'd get so much media coverage that he'd be catapulted from obscurity to national fame. So he essentially camped out in Iowa for a year, and his strategy worked like a charm when he won.

Carter's subsequent media-driven poll surge helped him narrowly carry New Hampshire and then 11 of the next 12 contests, followed by the nomination and the White House. ""Jimmy Carter would say he would never have become president without the Iowa caucuses,"" says Jerry Crawford, a longtime Iowa Democratic organizer now working for the Clinton campaign.

Iowa convinced people ""that Obama was more than just a media phenomenon""

Barack Obama, too, relied on Iowa for his first victory for his campaign against Hillary Clinton in 2008. On the day of the caucuses, he trailed Hillary Clinton by more than 20 points in national polls. But days after he won there, he shot up to within 5 points of her.

""The results of Iowa were validating for us,"" says Larry Grisolano, who consulted for Obama's campaign that year. ""People became convinced that Obama was more than just a media phenomenon — and that he was a candidate who could attract votes.""

Obama's win there made him surge to within striking distance of Clinton in national polls, and far above her in another important early contest, South Carolina. ""Iowa's peculiarities played to his strengths,"" Grisolano adds. ""I don’t know how it would’ve turned out if we started in a place that was more advertising-centric.""

Even when the Iowa winner doesn't end up winning the nomination (as with Mike Huckabee and Rick Santorum, the two most recent GOP winners), the caucus results can shake up the race by elevating them, rather than other candidates, to prominence in the contest.

""The caucuses are about who exceeds expectations and who fails to. And who sets expectations? You and I do.""

But it's important to understand that not every candidate is affected equally by the caucuses. Iowa matters primarily because of how it changes the perceptions of the political world. And candidates are, in large part, judged by whether their caucus performance meets the expectations of the media and political elites.

For instance, in the 2008 GOP caucuses, Mitt Romney came in second and John McCain came in fourth. Yet Romney was portrayed as a big loser, since he had been campaigning hard in Iowa and had once seemed the favorite to win. McCain, meanwhile, hadn't really been trying to win Iowa and was focusing instead on doing well in New Hampshire, so his fourth-place finish wasn't interpreted as a stunning setback for him.

""Every candidate in Iowa has the same opponent, and that opponent’s name is 'expected,'"" says Goldford. ""The caucuses are about who exceeds expectations and who fails to. And who sets expectations? You and I do.""

Essentially, Iowa moved its caucuses to the front of the line at the perfect moment. It happened back in 1972, just while the Democratic Party was overhauling its nomination process to give actual voters, not just party bosses, more of a say. That's how the presidential nomination system we know today — the months-long sequence of staggered primaries and caucuses in every state and territory — came about. (Republicans adopted very similar reforms soon afterward.)

But for 1972 — the first nomination contest under the reformed system — Iowa Democrats slated their usual caucuses for the unusually early date of January 24. People offer various different explanations for why they did so: a deliberate effort to help a favorite son who was considering running for president, an arcane party rules change that required that 30 days pass between various state and local events, or even that a lack of available hotel rooms in Des Moines that summer necessitated an earlier state convention date (which then necessitated an earlier caucus date).

Whatever the reason, the Iowa Democratic caucuses moved ahead of the New Hampshire primary, which had traditionally been the nation's first.

""People in the political community concluded, 'What happened out there told us something'""

At first, few people outside Iowa noticed or cared, and the 1972 caucus results got little attention nationally. But in retrospect, after George McGovern shockingly won the Democratic nomination, insiders second-guessing about why they failed to predict his rise concluded that they should have paid more attention when he finished a surprisingly strong second in Iowa.

""People in the political community concluded, 'What happened out there told us something. It told us about a weak frontrunner. It told us about the energy of the antiwar movement,"" says David Yepsen, a former political reporter for the Des Moines Register.

Savvy Iowans of both parties worked hard to promote this idea that Iowa was an early bellwether. Democrats arranged the event so top-line ""results"" could be easily reported to the national press, and Republicans moved their caucuses to the same day to create a unified event that would get lots of media buzz. As Tom Whitney, then state Democratic chair, later told Iowa Public Television:

So Carter's victories in Iowa and the general election weren't just great for him — they ended up being great for Iowa, which could now claim to be a kingmaker. Future candidates in both parties spent more time and money there, and the national press started regularly covering the results as a major event. Party insiders and voters in other early states began taking Iowa's results more and more seriously, too.

Ever since, the state parties have tenaciously and successfully fought to keep their caucuses first, helped by the new ""precedent"" they had set, as Brookings fellow Elaine Kamarck chronicles in her book Primary Politics.

Not at all! Many critics, including Vox's Dylan Matthews, argue that Iowa's population is unrepresentative of the country as a whole — the state is much more white and more rural, and has fewer foreign-born people.

Others criticize the caucus setup itself: The events take a long time, they're scheduled at a specific time in the evening, and there's been no absentee voting in the past, all of which depresses turnout and could make it even more unrepresentative. (Four out of five registered party members in Iowa and the vast majority of independent voters there usually don't show up.)

""I think [Iowa] distorts the process in a good way,"" says an operative in the state

Furthermore, Democrats don't even get a secret ballot, which means social pressure could skew their results. On the GOP side, turnout has recently been dominated by evangelical activists, many of whom have opted for candidates that lack national appeal, like Huckabee and Santorum.

And presidential candidates of both parties have long felt compelled to voice fealty to powerful interest groups in the state, like Big Corn (though Peverill Squire convincingly argues that pro-corn policies are mainly driven by Congress, not the White House).

Finally, it seems just plain unfair to a lot of people in other states that Iowa gets such power.

Caucus defenders respond by saying that Iowa does skew the results — positively. ""I think it distorts the process in a good way,"" says Crawford, the Hillary Clinton organizer. That's because Iowa's a state where retail campaigning and one-on-one interactions with voters, rather than simply big money and ad buys, matter. Its voters have shown that they don't just follow the prevailing national winds — they're more willing to give little-known and poorly funded challengers a chance, which helps ensure a more democratic contest overall. ""Iowa's a level playing ground,"" says Iowa GOP operative Eric Woolson. ""And Iowa has an electorate that pays attention to what's going on.""

In any case, every attempt to supplant Iowa has failed, because neither national party can agree on who else should be first in line, or on an alternative way to do things entirely. And states that have tried to ""jump the line"" — like Louisiana in 1996 — have had their contests boycotted (at Iowa pols' behest) and deemed meaningless by national elites and the press.

Eventually, the national parties accepted that Iowa and New Hampshire were hell-bent on going first and second — and that the vast majority of other states didn't care all that much. So the parties began harshly penalizing other states that tried to move their own nomination contests too early. Accordingly, nobody even bothered to try to leapfrog Iowa this time around.

Once again, it's the lessons the political world takes away from the caucuses that are really important — not how the delegates end up allotted. Everyone is anxious to see how the actual Iowa results measure up to their expectations, to help them better understand who can actually win. And they'll be looking for a few major things.

In the GOP contest, everyone is anxiously awaiting the answer to one key question: ""Can Donald Trump get people to actually vote for him?"" Because despite Trump's months-long lead in national polls, there's still a great deal of skepticism from elites about him: Perhaps polls overstate his support, perhaps his campaign doesn't have a good ground game, perhaps his supporters who aren't regular GOP primary or caucus voters won't bother to show up, or perhaps the electorate will flock to a more seemingly electable candidate at the last minute.

If Trump wins Iowa, prepare for a media frenzy like you've never seen before

Since caucus turnout is difficult for pollsters to model and since Ted Cruz is perceived as having a better organization than Trump, much of the political world has long expected Trump to finish second, behind Cruz. Yet Trump has taken the lead in all the most recent polls — which has had the perverse effect of raising expectations for him. Now, a second place finish would be viewed as a disappointment for him. And if he comes in third or worse, he'll be portrayed as a loser who went down to a pathetic defeat. But if he does manage to actually win the caucuses, he'll debunk much of that skepticism mentioned above, prove he won't be vanishing from the contest anytime soon — and unleash a media frenzy like you've never seen before.

The Iowa results will have big implications for other GOP candidates too. Since Ted Cruz led polls there until recently, a loss there would be perceived as a serious blow to his candidacy. Marco Rubio, meanwhile, is currently polling in third place, so that's where people expect him to end up. If Rubio manages to surprise people by placing second or even first, he'll get a huge amount of positive buzz going into New Hampshire. But if he somehow falls further behind — especially if another establishment-friendly candidate like Jeb Bush or Chris Christie passes him — whispered doubts about his campaign's competence will be vindicated, and whoever beats him will have the ""momentum"" of media coverage and buzz among elites in the week before the Granite State contest. And if some other candidate entirely manages to surge late in Iowa (as Rick Santorum did in 2012), expect him or her to be a major player in the next contests, too.

Meanwhile, on the Democratic side, Bernie Sanders has suddenly surged in Iowa polls after a full year of trailing Clinton. Since he's long been ahead in New Hampshire, he's now positioned to seriously compete in both early states. But with this comes raised expectations. If Clinton wins both contests outright, Sanders's movement could well fizzle out, and she could wrap up the nomination quickly. If Sanders wins either, though, or even comes very close in Iowa, expect a pitched battle between the two that will last quite some time. (And unless Martin O'Malley vastly exceeds his current low single-digit percent support in Iowa, expect him to drop out soon afterward.)

The nightmare scenario for Clinton at this point — which is not all that implausible — is that Sanders wins both Iowa and New Hampshire. If that happens, political elites and the press will mercilessly mock and second-guess the Clinton campaign for weeks. Yet insiders also understand that both states are heavily white and not representative of the more diverse Democratic electorate overall. So the big question is whether the positive coverage Sanders gets will improve his performance among nonwhite Democrats who have seemed uninterested in his candidacy so far — and that will be put to the test in the next contest, South Carolina.

""It's a goofy way to do it, I agree. But absent a clear alternative...""

If you feel like you needed a decoder ring to make sense of all that, you're not alone. No one sat down and designed our bizarre presidential nomination system — indeed, even Iowans admit that no one would ever sit down and design this exact system from scratch. ""It's a goofy way to do it, I agree,"" says Yepsen. ""But absent a clear alternative the process continues."" Candidates keep investing their time and money, the media keeps giving saturation coverage to the results, and political elites keep on believing that Iowa matters — so Iowa just keeps on mattering.

This article was originally published on January 25, 2016. It has been updated with the latest expectations for how the candidates will perform in the caucuses.",1
79,"Hillary Clinton, Bernie Sanders: King's legacy is alive","A day after the candidates squared off in a fiery debate, they came to Columbia, South Carolina, and largely agreed that while King's impact can still be felt today, work still needs to be done to guarantee racial equality.

""Yes, the challenges we face are many, but so are the quiet heroes working in every corner of America today doing their part to make our country a better place,"" said the former secretary of state. ""I for one receive much inspiration from that simple fact.""

There was symbolism in the event organized by the NAACP: In front of a statehouse that flew the Confederate battle flag until it was taken down last year. All three candidates noted the flag being removed.

""The flag is down but we are still here because that flag was just one piece of something bigger,"" Clinton said. ""Dr. King died with his work unfinished and it is up to us to see through.""

Sanders argued that King is not just a historic figure, but someone whose moral compass should guide people today. Repeating the phrase ""I think if he were here today,"" Sanders argued that if King were alive today, he would be supporting many of his presidential positions. ""As we celebrate his life it is terribly important to me that we don't just look at him as a museum figure, somebody in the past,"" the Vermont senator said. ""It is important to me that we look at his vision, to see the America he wanted to see."" Sanders and O'Malley walked in the NAACP sponsored march before the event, strolling down the streets of Charleston as activists chanted. O'Malley, whose birthday is Monday, laughed when asked what he wanted for his birthday, telling reporters that he is hoping for ""beat expectations"" in Iowa for his birthday.",1
4659,"Trump Will Go Away, but the Anger He’s Stirred Up Is Just Getting Started","Don’t gloat, progressives. Your candidate is going to win, but she’ll have no mandate and millions of enraged people who dislike her, and your, agenda and values.

To be sure, Trump himself proved a mean-spirited and ultimately ineffective political vessel. But the forces that he aroused will outlive him and could get stronger in the future. In this respect Trump may reprise the role played another intemperate figure, the late Senator Barry Goldwater. Like Trump, Goldwater openly spurned political consensus, opposing everything from civil rights and Medicare to détente. His defeat led to huge losses at the congressional level, as could indeed occur this year as well.

Goldwater might have failed in 1964, but his defeat did not augur a second New Deal, as some, including President Lyndon Johnson, may have hoped. Instead, his campaign set the stage for something of a right-wing resurgence that defined American politics until the election of President Obama. Pushing the deep South into the GOP, Goldwater created the “Southern strategy” that in 1968 helped elect Richard Nixon; this was followed in 1980 by the victory of Goldwater acolyte Ronald Reagan.

History could repeat itself after this fall’s disaster. People who wrote off the GOP in 1964 soon became victims of their own hubris, believing they could extend the welfare state and the federal government without limits and, as it turned out, without broad popular support. In this notion they were sustained by the even then liberally oriented media and a wide section of the “respectable” business community.

Three decades later a similar constellation of forces —- Hollywood, Silicon Valley, Wall Street—have locked in behind Hillary Clinton. But it is the transformation of the media itself both more ideologically uniform and concentrated more than ever on the true-blue coasts, that threatens to exacerbate Progressive Triumphalism. In this election, notes Carl Cannon, no Trump fan himself, coverage has become so utterly partisan that “the 2016 election will be remembered as one in which much of the mainstream media all but admitted aligning itself with the Democratic Party.”

Successful modern Democratic candidates, including President Obama and former President Clinton, generally avoid openly embracing an ever bigger federal government. Obama, of course, proved a centralizer par excellence, but he did it stealthily and, for the most part, without the approval of Congress. This allowed him to take some bold actions, but limited the ability to “transform” the country into some variant of European welfare, crony capitalist state.

Hillary Clinton lacks both Obama’s rhetorical skills and her erstwhile husband’s political ones. Her entire approach in the campaign has been based on creating an ever more intrusive and ever larger federal government. Even during Bill Clinton’s reign, she was known to be the most enthusiastic supporter of governmental regulation, and it’s unlikely that, approaching 70, she will change her approach. It seems almost certain, for example, that she will push HUD and the EPA to reshape local communities in ways pleasing to the bureaucracy.

Yet most Americans do not seem to want a bigger state to interfere with their daily life. A solid majority—some 54 percent—recently told Gallup they favor a less intrusive federal government, compared to only 41 percent who want a more activist Washington. The federal government is now regarded by half of all Americans, according to another poll by Gallup, as “an immediate threat to the rights and freedoms of ordinary citizens.” In 2003 only 30 percent of Americans felt that way.

Due largely to Trump’s awful persona, Hillary likely will get some wins in “flyover country,” the vast territory that stretches from the Appalachians to the coastal ranges. In certain areas with strong sense of traditional morality, such as in Germanic Wisconsin and parts of Michigan, notes Mike Barone, Trump’s lewdness and celebrity-mania proved in the primaries incompatible with even conservative small town and rural sensibilities, more so in fact than in the cosmopolitan cores, where sexual obsessions are more celebrated than denounced.

Yet Trump’s strongest states, with some exceptions, remain in the country’s mid-section; he still clings to leads in most of the Intermountain West, Texas, the mid-south and the Great Plains. He is still killing it in West Virginia. This edge extends beyond a preponderance of “deplorables” and what Bubba himself has referred to as “your standard redneck.”

Energy is the issue that most separates the heartland from the coasts. The increasingly radical calls for “decarbonization” by leading Democrats spell the loss of jobs throughout the heartland, either directly by attacking fossil fuels or by boosting energy costs. Since 2010, the energy boom has helped create hundreds of thousands of jobs throughout the heartland, many of them in manufacturing. At the same time, most big city Democratic strongholds continued to deindustrialize and shed factory employment. No surprise then that the increasingly anti-carbon Democrats control just one legislature, Illinois, outside the Northeast and the West Coast.

Trump’s romp through the primaries, like that of Bernie Sanders, rode on the perceived relative decline of the country’s middle and working classes. For all her well-calculated programmatic appeals, Hillary Clinton emerged as the willing candidate of the ruling economic oligarchy, something made more painfully obvious from the recent WikiLeaks tapes. Her likely approach to the economy, more of the same, is no doubt attractive to the Wall Street investment banks, Silicon Valley venture capitalists, renewable energy providers and inner city real estate speculators who have thrived under Obama.

Yet more of the same seems unlikely to reverse income stagnation, as exemplified by the huge reserve army of unemployed, many of them middle aged men, outside the labor force. The fact remains that Obama’s vaunted “era of hope and change,” as liberal journalist Thomas Frank has noted, has not brought much positive improvement for the middle class or historically disadvantaged minorities.

The notion that free trade and illegal immigration have harmed the prospects for millions of Americans will continue to gain adherents with many middle and working class voters—particularly in the heartland. We are likely to hear this appeal again in the future. If the GOP could find a better, less divisive face for their policies, a Reagan rather than a Goldwater, this working-class base could be expanded enough to overcome the progressive tide as early as 2018.

The one place where the progressives seem to have won most handily is on issues of culture. Virtually the entire entertainment, fashion, and food establishments now openly allied with the left; the culture of luxury, expressed in the page of The New York Times, has found its political voice by identifying with such issues as gay rights, transgender bathrooms , abortion and, to some extent, Black Lives Matter. In contrast, the Republicans cultural constituency has devolved to a bunch of country music crooners, open cultural reactionaries and, yes, a revolting collection of racist and misogynist “deplorables.”

Yet perhaps nowhere is the danger of Progressive Triumphalism more acute. Despite the cultural progressive embrace of the notion that more diversity is always good, the reality is that our racial divide remains stark and is arguably getting worse. As for immigration, polls say that more people want to decrease not just the undocumented but even legal immigration than increase it.

No matter what happens this year, the battle for America’s political soul is not remotely over. Trump may fade into deserved ignominy and hopefully obscurity, but his nationalist and populist message will not fade with him as long as concerns over jobs, America’s role in the world, and disdain for political correctness remain. If Hillary and her supporters over-shoot their nonexistent mandate and try to impose their whole agenda before achieving a supportable consensus , American politics could well end up going in directions that the progressives, and their media claque, might either not anticipate or much like.",1
1549,14 key moments from the Democratic debate,"Killing Obama administration rules, dismantling Obamacare and pushing through tax reform are on the early to-do list.",1
4912,Seven things I’ve learned by covering the third-party candidates,"ST. PAUL, Minn. -- With just 66 days to go before the polls closed, Evan McMullin made his inaugural campaign stop in one of his most promising states. On Friday afternoon, the #NeverTrump conservative candidate for president stopped by the booth of Minnesota's Independence Party, an outgrowth of Ross Perot's and Jesse Ventura's campaigns that successfully petitioned him onto the ballot.

""He's the alternative,"" said a party volunteer to passersby.

""What took you so long?"" yelled a fairgoer.

""That's a good question,"" said McMullin, standing below a photo of himself and the message that it was Never Too Late to Do the Right Thing. ""I was waiting for someone else to run, and no one did. I believe both Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump are unfit for the presidency, and it's time for a new generation of leadership in this country.""

Less than a month after announcing his first bid for office, one that was not likely to end up on most states' ballots, McMullin drew a steady crowd for an hour that was punctuated with media interviews. This has been a very good year for third-party candidates, who have found a lower barrier to credibility than any of them expected.

That barrier, of course, tumbled when Clinton and Trump won their parties' nominations. The very first political rally I ever covered, in 2000, was for a third party — a Chicago ""mega-rally"" for the Green Party's Ralph Nader. He won just 2.2 percent of the vote in Illinois that year, and while that safe blue state has been only lightly polled this year, the ""anybody else"" vote is likely to soar past that.

Why? You can probably guess, but having spent five of the past nine days with third-party candidates, I have some extra answers.

1) People are actually showing up to see third-party candidates. That's not always the case. Nader drew gigantic crowds in 2000, but his fatal success — a split in the progressive vote that many of his supporters came to regret — helped quash third-party momentum. From 2004 through 2012, no third-party candidate was able to wage a campaign in the way we usually see it, with business visits and rallies.

This year is different. The Libertarian Party's Gary Johnson and Bill Weld drew hundreds of people to events in New England last week. On a run through Colorado last weekend, the Green Party's Jill Stein filled indoor and outdoor music venues with hundreds more.

In both cases, this took work. Johnson and Stein basically lived on TV for weeks, making themselves available for cameras in Washington and New York. McMullin did the same, drawing a remarkable amount of coverage for a candidacy that is unlikely to make the ballot in California or Texas. But it did not take much for people to start viewing a third-party event as a decent use of an afternoon.

2) These events are cultural be-ins. People who associate with the fringes of American life have the best time at third-party rallies. Marijuana legalization campaigners get signatures at Johnson rallies; alternative hip-hop artists come by Jill Stein rallies. At her Denver event, an organizer/folk-singer rewrote Phil Ochs's ""Love Me, I'm a Liberal"" into a riff on the weak progressives who were settling for Hillary Clinton:

I went to Occupy rallies

 I protested the WTO

 I love Rachel Maddow and Chris Matthews

 And I hope gays get married in droves

 But you’re talking about revolution?

 Well, sister, I surely don’t know

 So love me, love me, love me, I’m a liberal

There is a family feeling to these events, one that keeps people coming back.

3) Third parties are getting better at organizing. Affiliates of the Green Party and the Libertarian Party have used NationBuilder, a cheap organizing software, to build and mobilize lists of supporters. It's something they have in common with Donald Trump's campaign — scoffed at, seen to be a paper tiger that would be devoured by stockier gazelles. But the once-expensive work of telling supporters where to show up and what to do has become dirt cheap. Johnson has boasted of the millions of people watching his speeches on Facebook; Stein's campaign plugged her into the unfathomably popular Harambe meme, which got fresh eyeballs on her campaign, even if some were under raised eyebrows.

4) Many third-party voters don't care about policy. Listening to McMullin, I was struck by how few voters wanted to know about his stances on the issues. Any issues. One asked if he thought WikiLeaks would torpedo the Clinton campaign, leading McMullin to say that he was not a Julian Assange fan. Several complained that pollsters did not ask about him. For a while, his campaign leaflets, which deal (in light detail) with policy, went untouched.

This is not unusual. A lot of the upsurge in third-party support is attitude-based — a loose sense that politics are ""broken,"" and therefore a vote for a nontraditional party will ""fix"" it. In Colorado, several Stein voters told me that they might vote for Gary Johnson — whose positions on taxes, climate change, and the role of government itself could not be more different — if on Election Day he seemed to be better positioned for a breakout.

5) Hey, neither do the third parties! (Sort of.) Johnson and Weld, the highest-profile candidates in Libertarian history, had to fight for their nominations. The ""radical"" wing of the Libertarian Party viewed both as interlopers who wanted to turn their party into a Diet Pepsi version of the GOP; both were forced onto second ballots at their conventions.

Since then, neither the Libertarians nor the Greens have had to answer many questions about their respective party platforms. Johnson/Weld have inspired semiregular condemnation from libertarian blogs and magazines for defending the existence of the federal Environmental Protection Agency or suggesting that some gun restrictions might make sense. In Colorado, Stein avoided endorsing a universal health-care initiative backed by the local Greens. The Minnesota Independence Party is campaigning for instant runoff voting, something McMullin did not even address when he stopped by the booth.

6) And they're not even seizing on the most popular issues. The three most-hyped third-party candidates — Johnson, Stein and McMullin — favor some version of immigration reform. As Trump has discovered, opposition to increased immigration levels is one of the most resonant populist issues there is.

Johnson and McMullin have little to say about economic inequality, and Stein talks about it only in the context of her ""Green New Deal"" promising millions of new jobs. But as Bernie Sanders discovered, class consciousness and the reality of depressed wages were powerful, voter-mobilizing topics.

7) Third-party candidates acknowledge that one of the big two parties is better for their voters than the other. McMullin is the least secretive about this; his campaign, massaged by Republican consultants, is in some states designed to bring out Republicans who might stay home if their options were limited to Clinton, Trump and Johnson. Stein acknowledged it during an interview she gave me in Denver, and at a news conference last month; voters who did not see Greens on the ballot for key races, she said, were probably going to see the most agreement on their issues from Democrats. No third party is offering a full slate for voters in any state. That could start to change this year, especially if strong results get them expanded ballot access. But it is not changing quickly.",1
5052,"To nominate Clinton, it takes a village","Donald Trump is a singular political phenomenon. Hillary Clinton seems coordinated and almost corporate. At a time of political upheaval, it's unclear which advantage is stronger.

Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton arrives to speak to volunteers at a Democratic party organizing event at the Neighborhood Theater in Charlotte, N.C., Monday.

To anoint Hillary Clinton as the official 2016 Democratic presidential nominee, it takes a village.

In Cleveland last week at the Republican National Convention, Donald Trump’s face was the dominant image. It loomed from videos over the stage. It stared out from T-shirts outside the arena, pointing a finger and saying stuff like, “Hillary, You’re Fired!” Three of the four convention nights Mr. Trump himself appeared on stage.

This week in Philadelphia, the Democrats are using a much different, more traditional approach. The party’s biggest names have marched to the podium one by one and praised Mrs. Clinton while bashing Trump. Except for a brief hug with President Obama on Wednesday night, Clinton herself has stayed more behind the scenes.

That will change somewhat with her acceptance speech Thursday. But this contrast in stagecraft is a symbol of the essential differences between the Trump and Clinton campaigns.

Trump is – in Newt Gingrich’s word – a “pirate,” a master of reaching out across global media platforms to grab the world’s attention with a sudden, bold stroke. Sometimes the move misses – witness yesterday’s uproar about whether he should have urged Russia to hack and release missing Clinton emails. But the action and resulting attention is the thing.

Clinton is more of a communitarian, heir and presumptive next leader of an existing political coalition. She’s guarded by nature. Her campaign seems a coordinated, almost corporate effort of many people doing many things, some visible (surrogate speeches) and some not (microtargeted emails).

The result is a fascinating clash of new versus old approaches to media, organized versus insurgent marketing, and two personalities as different as July and December. It’s a race that scholars and political pros will be studying for years.

“Trump is consciously running an unrestrained and uncontrolled campaign, while it is true that Clinton’s methodology creates distance between herself and voters,” says Jeffrey Engel, director of the Center for Presidential History at Southern Methodist University in Dallas.

Clinton’s approach is an attempt to “dramatically cut down on mistakes,” Engel adds. “It’s a prevent defense.”

In part this split is rooted in traditional differences between the parties. It’s a political truism that the Republican Party is more organized around ideology, while the Democratic Party is more transactional. The former involves what George H. W. Bush called “the vision thing” and punchy presentations. The latter means making Democratic interest groups happy with targeted policies.

Thus Trump’s campaign website is thin on policy details and long on assertions that it is only the GOP nominee who can Make America Great Again. Clinton’s corresponding site is so numbingly detailed that it has a section on curtailing “horse soring,” the use of chemicals to exaggerate gait, as New York Times columnist David Brooks pointed out this week.

The differences are also personal. Trump has been a celebrity for years and is as comfortable making media appearances as he is taking a nap. He obviously believes that there is no such thing as bad news coverage. There are only chances for attention (and possible votes) missed.

In contrast, Clinton herself seems almost physically absent from the campaign. Trump has correctly pointed out that it has been more than 235 days since the Democratic nominee last held a press conference. She sits for personal interviews, but not at Trump’s pace. She’s begun calling in to news shows, but only since Trump has demonstrated that’s an efficient and effective way to control a media appearance.

In Clinton’s case, that’s probably a learned behavior. The drama of Clinton’s decades in public life and the Clintons’ perception that they have been badly treated by the media and political opponents has caused her to retreat behind a kind of gauzy curtain.

“She’s someone who’s every word is very guarded publicly, because she feels she’s kind of been burned,” says Brian Rosenwald, a political scientist at the University of Pennsylvania and author of a forthcoming book on the political impact of talk radio.

She’s also a policy wonk as much as a politician. When she answers a question, she’ll often dance around it at first, looking at all angles, before concluding that essentially, “it’s complicated.” Asked about fracking, she’ll talk about its environmental dangers and energy benefits, then outline when it is, or isn’t, OK. Asked about immigration reform, she’ll talk about its history and ideals, and then get into a multipoint program.

Trump doesn’t do such nuance. In his own acceptance speech he flatly declared that, “Nobody knows the system better than me, which is why I alone can fix it.”

In his surety and brevity, he’s the Twitter candidate, a fit for the new Facebook age. Clinton may be not unlike most candidates in her desire for word control and image protection. It’s Trump in this context who is unique, the agent of disruption.

“More and more our culture is headed towards quick sound bites. Donald Trump fits that very well. Hillary Clinton probably wants to give in-depth policy answers, and that stuff doesn’t transfer as well to social media,” Brian Rosenwald says.

Clinton knows that she has to up her communications game, given her opponent’s skills. She (or more likely an aide) has sharpened her Twitter approach in recent months, for instance. Posts are punchier and less policy oriented.

Her advantage is that she is not alone. Unlike Trump, she has inherited a strong party network that has been building voter lists and studying new targeting techniques for years. In that sense, she may be the candidate of the brave new electronic age, while Trump lags back in a traditional era.

“To understand Clinton’s use of social media, you have to go back and recognize she remains part of the broader Obama coalition . . . The Obama people were really revolutionary in employing data metrics and new technology in order to micro-target voters,” says Professor Engel of SMU.

Thus Clinton, or the Clinton team, may be good at communications efforts that are not readily apparent. Take video games. The Obama campaign went so far as to buy ads within popular games such as “Madden Football” in 2008 and 2012. A player scanning the virtual Madden stadium would have seen a virtual Obama billboard hanging over the field.

These ads were targeted to those playing Madden online in 10 swing states.

“More and more everything is targeted. Every ad is different. Everything is slicing and dicing the audience,” says Professor Rosenwald.

In that sense, Clinton versus Trump might not be not an old media candidate versus a new media one, as much as it is two competing versions of adapting to the changes wrought by the electronic age.

It’s not clear whether one is superior over the other. There’s not great data on whether microtargeting actually drives votes. Trump may find out that in the end there were days when not saying anything might have been preferable to saying something controversial.

In about 100 days, we’ll get a result that will shed some light on these questions.",1
1384,Donald Trump’s statement on the Fox News debate has to be seen to be believed,"Donald Trump announced Tuesday night that he would not participate in the Fox News debate set for Thursday -- after Fox head honcho Roger Ailes told The Fix's Cal Borchers that FNC personality (and Trump nemesis) Megyn Kelly would stay on as a moderator. Trump's campaign then released the statement below to further explain his decision. It is amazing -- even by Trump standards. I annotated it using Genius; sign up and annotate alongside me!



 As someone who wrote one of the best-selling business books of all time, The Art of the Deal, who has built an incredible company, including some of the most valuable and iconic assets in the world, and as someone who has a personal net worth of many billions of dollars, Mr. Trump knows a bad deal when he sees one. FOX News is making tens of millions of dollars on debates, and setting ratings records (the highest in history), where as in previous years they were low-rated afterthoughts.

Unlike the very stupid, highly incompetent people running our country into the ground, Mr. Trump knows when to walk away. Roger Ailes and FOX News think they can toy with him, but Mr. Trump doesn’t play games. There have already been six debates, and according to all online debate polls including Drudge, Slate, Time Magazine, and many others, Mr. Trump has won all of them, in particular the last one. Whereas he has always been a job creator and not a debater, he nevertheless truly enjoys the debating process - and it has been very good for him, both in polls and popularity.

He will not be participating in the FOX News debate and will instead host an event in Iowa to raise money for the Veterans and Wounded Warriors, who have been treated so horribly by our all talk, no action politicians. Like running for office as an extremely successful person, this takes guts and it is the kind mentality our country needs in order to Make America Great Again.",1
4685,It’s No Surprise That Trump Might Not Accept Election Results. He’s Never Accepted Democratic Norms.,"At last night's final presidential debate, the GOP presidential nominee refused to say that he would honor and accept the results of the election. Instead, he said he would ""keep you in suspense.""

This is, indeed, horrifying, as his opponent Hillary Clinton said. But it should come as no surprise. It has been clear from the beginning that Trump does not accept small-d democratic norms.

In the first Republican primary debate last August, Trump, running as a Republican, refused to say that he would support the eventual nominee. That's fair enough, on its own, especially considering that several of the other GOP candidates eventually refused to do so. But it was also a warning: Trump would honor the norms of the electoral process; he would not, as a matter of course, accept its legitimacy.

The rejection of both the norms and legitimacy of democracy has been a consistent theme throughout Trump's public career. In 2012, after Barack Obama won the election, Trump went on a long twitter rant, arguing that the election was ""a total sham and a travesty"" and that ""we are not a democracy.""

Throughout the campaign, Trump has treated the norms of democracy—peace, acceptance, respect for the electoral process and for the limits of presidential power—with disdain if not outright hostility.

At his rallies, he has explicitly encouraged supporters to engage in violent acts against protesters. Since winning the nomination, he has repeatedly declared that the election is rigged, raising the specter of voter fraud that has been consistently, repeatedly proven to be almost entirely imaginary. Before that, he warned darkly that if his nomination did not go through at the Republican convention there might be riots.

Over and over again throughout his campaign, Trump has disrespected the Constitution and promised to violate its most essential rules. He has dismissed the idea of free speech, promised to seize the assets of foreign nationals, and suggested that Muslims should be forced to register in a federal database. He has repeatedly promised to order the military to commit war crimes. He has derided core constitutional principles, arguing, dismissively, that ""the Constitution is not a suicide pact."" Trump, who clearly does not understand the Constitution, does not believe in the sanctity of its provisions, or even in its general guidance. He believes only in his own ill-informed whims.

Trump's lack of respect for the Constitution is matched only by his praise for the strength of authoritarian dictators. He has been fulsome in his praise for Russian leader Vladimir Putin's strength, and has similarly expressed his admiration for other authoritarian leaders such as Saddam Hussan, Muammar Gaddagi, and Bashar al-Assad. At last night's debate, he repeatedly dismissed the notion, confirmed by multiple U.S. intelligence agencies, that Russia was behind the hack of democratic emails, and seemed to side with Putin for having outsmarted the United States. All the available evidence indicates that Trump is not a fan of the imperfect democracy that is the United States, but quite admires foreign authoritarians specifically for their authoritarian tendencies.

Over and over again, Trump has expressed his desire to implement authoritarian, unconstitutional policies in the U.S.—banning Muslims from entering the country, closing down Mosques, retaliating against media outlets that publish critical reports about Trump, and their owners. One of Trump's favorite lines is that ""only I can solve"" the problems he says ail the country.

Part of the problem is that Trump perceives himself as an eternal winner. Therefore, any loss can only be someone else's fault. That is how we ended up with a presidential debate in which Trump interrupted his opponent to declare, again, that he should have gotten an Emmy for his reality TV show, The Apprentice. Trump had insisted that the Emmy awards were also rigged against him. The man's vast personal vanity is inseperable from his authoritarian outlook.

At this point, it is hard to avoid the conclusion that Trump is not really running for president of a democratic republic; he is running to be its unchecked and unaccountable leader, free from the shackles of constitutionally limited democracy he so clearly despises.",1
3810,"Obama's last State of the Union address in three words: Disjointed, irrelevant and disappointing","As a long time observer of the political process and as someone who served twice in the White House, I remember the great anticipation for past State of the Union speeches.  It was an activity where many hundreds of hours and top level staff worked on the speech for many months before it was delivered. It was to be a recap of what had been accomplished and an agenda for the future.

I remember the excitement of the president going to Capitol Hill to address the nation, standing before the other branches of the government, the Congress and the Supreme Court, and either inspiring or informing all of just what the title states: this is the State of the Union.

Part of the drama has been the grand entrance into the people's House, the House of a Representatives and the president being mobbed by members trying to shake his hand or pat his back and for this one night he is treated like a rock star or to be more current like a reality TV star.

The repeated standing and applauding for the key phrases that appeal to the partisans in his party and the negative responses from the opposition.

Everyone is there!

Anyone  of importance in our government along with  the ambassador contingent  from the diplomatic community, is there on display for the nation to see.

This has historically been an opportunity for  a dramatic speech to the nation and the world and without question as important as any that a president might deliver. Tuesday night was the last of these that President Barack Obama will ever give.

As I watched the visuals, the new young Speaker, Paul Ryan, sitting alongside the vice president whom he tried to replace in the last election.  Biden, realizing daily that this is his last hurrah -- and privately telling people he wishes he would have run one more time against the faltering Hillary Clinton.

Speaker Ryan, who now holds more power than anyone except maybe the lame duck president, sits in a seat he never anticipated a year ago. He will be the one who sets the legislative agenda for the future and the president’s only retort is his veto pen.

I watch the one Socialist member of Congress, Senator Bernie Sanders mix and greet the members of the Joint Chief of Staffs of our military, with their stars on their uniforms and rows of medals on their chests.

There is not a member in this chamber who would ever have thought a year ago that Sanders would be viewed as a serious challenger to Hillary Clinton, as he now is.

For someone as skilled at giving a speech as our forty-fourth president, Mr. Obama failed miserably at either inspiring or informing us of the real State of the Union.

What he did do is give a political campaign speech. It was disjointed, irrelevant and disappointing. He is not running for a third term and the agenda he laid out is not what the country wants or feels. He looked tired and ready to move on.

He talked about how great we are as a nation. True,  but what he didn't do was set an agenda for his final year or for his legacy.

He set goals but failed to explain how we can accomplish them. He talked about leadership but has failed miserably as a leader.

On the very day the president is delivered his speech, the Iranian Navy captured two US Navy ships that allegedly were incapacitated and drifted into Iranian waters. Now Iran is holding these sailors hostage. Yet, there was no mention of this incident in the president’s speech.

This is an escalation of hostile behavior by the Iranians who just last month fired unguided missiles at our aircraft carrier , the Harry S. Truman, in the same waters.

I can't imagine, if he was still with us, that President Truman would disregard these acts of hostility. He was a man of strength. With the country feeling that terrorism is one of our top problems, the president dismissed our concerns. Don't worry! We've got the strongest military in the world. We got Bin Laden.

This is what he said about Iran: ""That’s why we built a global coalition, with sanctions and principled diplomacy, to prevent a nuclear-armed Iran. As we speak, Iran has rolled back its nuclear program, shipped out its uranium stockpile, and the world has avoided another war.""

I don't think so. Bad behavior by Iran is dismissed because President Obama wants to protect his sacred and risky deal.

The number one concern of the country is fighting terrorism. The recent home grown action by the terrorist killings in San Bernardino, California has made this more of a concern. But in spite of this, just this week the president is to release more prisoners from Guantanamo. It is still his top priority to close this prison in spite of strong objections from the Congress, the military and law enforcement officers.

Many of the prisoners already released have returned to the terrorist battlefield. ""That is why I will keep working to shut down the prison at Guantanamo: it’s expensive, it’s unnecessary, and it only serves as a recruitment brochure for our enemies.""

This is a speech that will not be remembered and will historically be irrelevant.

The man who was the most partisan president in recent history, talked about how disappointed he is that the partisan divide  has not healed.

The office of the presidency has been diminished under Barack Obama’s two terms. His party has been demolished at the State house level and in the loss of both Houses of Congress. But he still panders on.

This is not an historic presidency and he exemplified his ""leading from behind"" with a very forgettable farewell State of the Union.

No wonder the country is desperately looking for new leadership.

Edward J. Rollins is a Fox News contributor. He is a former assistant to President Reagan and he managed his reelection campaign. He is a senior presidential fellow at Hofstra University and a member of the Political Consultants Hall of Fame. He is a strategist for Great America PAC, an independant group that is supporting Donald Trump for president.",1
2326,Hillary Clinton's Second Amendment,"Accepting the National Rifle Association's endorsement last week, Donald Trump warned that Hillary Clinton ""wants to abolish the Second Amendment."" CNN corrected him, noting that Clinton ""has never called for the abolition of the 2nd Amendment.""

Although that's technically true, Clinton has done what amounts to the same thing. She has interpreted the Second Amendment so narrowly that it imposes no practical limits on gun control laws, and that interpretation is sure to guide her Supreme Court nominations if she is elected president.

On the same day that Trump addressed the NRA, one of Clinton's policy advisers told Bloomberg Politics the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee disagrees with District of Columbia v. Heller, the 2008 decision in which the Supreme Court overturned the District's handgun ban. The adviser, Maya Harris, said, ""Clinton believes Heller was wrongly decided in that cities and states should have the power to craft commonsense laws to keep their residents safe.""

Since Heller is the first case in which the Supreme Court explicitly recognized that the Second Amendment protects an individual right to armed self-defense, that statement is roughly equivalent to saying, ""Trump believes Roe v. Wade was wrongly decided in that cities and states should have the power to craft commonsense laws to protect unborn children."" Just as supporters of abortion rights would be justified in reading the latter statement as a rejection of their position, supporters of gun rights are justified in reading Clinton's statement as a rejection of theirs.

Clinton confirms her hostility to gun rights by glossing over the details of the D.C. law that the Supreme Court overturned. That law, which was the strictest of its kind in the country, not only banned handguns, the most popular type of weapon for self-defense, but required that long guns be disassembled and unloaded or disabled by a trigger lock.

As the Court recognized, the latter rule made it impossible for D.C. residents to use even shotguns or rifles ""for the core lawful purpose of self-defense."" But to Clinton, the D.C. ban was an eminently reasonable ""safe storage law,"" a paradigmatic example of ""commonsense"" gun control.

If the District's limits on gun possession negated ""the core lawful purpose"" of the Second Amendment, you might wonder, why would a candidate who claims to respect the Second Amendment (as Clinton intermittently does) say they should have been upheld? Possibly because she does not think the Second Amendment has anything to do with self-defense.

""I know how important gun ownership, and particularly hunting, is here in northeastern Pennsylvania,"" Clinton told supporters in Dunmore last month. Regarding her gun control agenda, she said, ""responsible gun owners have to stand up and say, 'This has nothing to do with my guns, my hunting, my sport shooting, my collecting.'""

Self-defense is conspicuously absent from Clinton's list of legitimate things people do with guns. The Australian government, whose mass confiscations of firearms Clinton admires, takes a similar view. Australians must demonstrate a ""genuine reason"" for owning a gun, and personal protection does not count.

But Australia has no Second Amendment. Clinton's campaign website mentions the Second Amendment a dozen times (compared to more than 800 mentions on Trump's site), not once in the context of self-defense.

Three of those references to the Second Amendment criticize people for taking it too seriously. After a mass shooting in Oregon last fall, for instance, Clinton rejected the NRA's ""single-minded, absolutist theology about the Second Amendment being sacrosanct,"" saying ""every constitutional right and amendment can be tailored in an appropriate way without breaching the Constitution.""

Actually, it's government policy that has to be ""tailored"" so that it does not breach the Constitution. Restrictions on speech, for instance, must be ""narrowly tailored"" to serve a compelling government interest.

Rather than trim her policy agenda to fit the Constitution, Clinton wants to trim the Constitution to fit her policy agenda. ""We have to make this a voting issue,"" she says. I agree.",1
3692,Chattanooga shooting: History of attacks on U.S. military,"Peter Bergen is CNN's national security analyst, a vice president at New America and a professor of practice at Arizona State University. He is the author of ""Manhunt: The Ten-Year Search for bin Laden -- From 9/11 to Abbottabad."" David Sterman is a program associate at New America, a Washington-based think tank.

(CNN) On Thursday morning, four U.S. Marines were killed in Chattanooga, Tennessee, when a gunman shot at two separate military facilities: a military recruiting center and a Navy training reserve center.

The suspected shooter is 24-year-old Mohammad Youssuf Abdulazeez, who also is dead, according to the FBI.

The shooter's motivations are as yet unclear. U.S. Attorney Bill Killian told reporters that the investigation is being treated as ""act of domestic terrorism.""

One likely reason why investigators are treating the shooting as a potential domestic terrorist attack is that there are multiple cases of jihadist extremists plotting to attack military facilities and recruiting centers in the United States.

Military facilities and personnel are a common target in jihadist plots to conduct violence within the United States. Nearly a third of the 119 Americans accused of plotting an attack inside the United States since 9/11 were alleged to have plotted to attack U.S. military targets, according to data collected by New America

Thursday's shooting would not be the first jihadist attack on a U.S. military recruitment office, nor even the first one with a connection to Tennessee.

On November 18, 2008, Bledsoe was arrested in Yemen for possessing a fake Somali identification card. The fake identity card was part of Bledsoe's ill-conceived plan to travel to Somalia to wage jihad. When he was arrested, Bledsoe was found to possess manuals about how to make bombs and gun silencers. On his cell phone were contacts for militants who were wanted in Saudi Arabia.

The FBI interviewed Bledsoe after his arrest in Yemen, and he eventually returned to the United States. In a letter to the judge in his case, Bledsoe claimed to have been sent by al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) and portrayed the Little Rock shooting as a jihadist attack -- though there is no evidence that he was actually sent or directed by AQAP.

The Fort Hood attack helps illustrate the particular role of military targets for jihadists who see themselves as engaged in a war with the United States and soldiers as legitimate targets.

Hasan's only real confidant in Texas was Duane Reasoner Jr., an 18-year-old covert from Catholicism who attended his mosque. Hasan told Reasoner he didn't want to be deployed to Afghanistan. At their final dinner together, on November 4, Hasan told Reasoner that what he really wanted was to quit the military because anyone fighting against fellow Muslims was likely to go to hell.

The next day, the 467th Combat Stress Control Detachment to which Hasan was assigned was due to report at the Soldier Readiness Processing Center at Fort Hood -- the last stop before the unit shipped out to Afghanistan. This was the day that Hasan selected to conduct his deadly attack.

Earlier this year, an alleged plot inspired by ISIS to attack a military base was foiled in Illinois. On March 25, Hasan Edmonds , a 22-year-old U.S. citizen, and his cousin Jonas Edmonds, a 29-year-old U.S. citizen, were arrested. The two allegedly plotted for Hasan, a member of the Illinois National Guard, to travel to Syria to fight with ISIS while Jonas would carry out an attack on a military facility. The two were monitored by an undercover officer.

Another potential reason to consider jihadist terrorism as a motivation in the Chattanooga shooting is that the incident comes amid a spike in terrorism cases this year, driven in large part by the threat posed by individuals inspired by ISIS and a law enforcement crackdown on potential plotters.

Already less than seven months into 2015, more Americans have been charged in jihadist terrorism related cases than in any other year since 9/11, according to data collected by New America

Moreover, the timing of the Chattanooga shooting on the final night of Ramadan raises another flag. ISIS called for its supporters to unleash ""a month of disaster"" during the holy celebration of Ramadan, which ends Friday.

Regardless of the shooter's motivation, it is essential to investigate all possibilities and not jump to conclusions.

On September 16, 2013, Aaron Alexis killed 12 people in a shooting at the Washington Navy Yard. Though the attack came on the heels of the anniversary of 9/11, occurred in the nation's capital, targeted a military facility and had other characteristics that superficially suggested it might be jihadist terrorism, Alexis turned out to not be a terrorist, but a mass shooter with a history of mental health problems.

Even though Alexis was not a jihadist terrorist, his shooting at the Navy Yard demonstrated in the words of a Department of the Navy report on the shooting that there were ""critical performance gaps"" in the Navy Yard's capabilities ""against a wide range of threats"" and that ""the Naval Support Activity Washington's Antiterrorism Program"" was ""deficient in several areas.""

An issue laid bare by Thursday's shootings is the challenge of securing military recruiting offices from attacks.

While U.S. military bases tend to have high levels of security, military recruiting offices do not. Since these offices have been the scenes of two attacks in the past six years, the Pentagon should consider how to make them harder targets.",1
4450,"Obama calls for end to nuclear weapons, but U.S. disarmament is slowest since 1980","Speaking from Hiroshima, the site of the first war-time atomic weapon detonation, President Obama on Friday called for the pursuit of ""a world without nuclear weapons.""

Only a few days prior, his Department of Defense published new data revealing that the government Obama oversees -- a government which manages the second-largest nuclear stockpile in the world -- had dismantled fewer of its nuclear devices than in any year since at least 1980.

Every year, the Department of Defense declassifies data on the size of the country's nuclear stockpile and the number of warheads dismantled. Its most recent data, released this week, shows that the U.S. stockpile numbered 4,571 at the end of 2015, about 15 percent of its size at its peak during the Cold War in 1967. The number of weapons dismantled was 109, the lowest figure since at least 1980.

In 1945, the size of the stockpile matched the number of weapons deployed -- two. The biggest reductions came in the early 1990s during the administration of George H.W. Bush and, a decade later, during his son's. At the end of 2008, the stockpile numbered 5,273; over the course of Obama's two terms, it has dropped to 4,571.

It is, of course, easier to reduce the size of a stockpile when it is much larger. As a fraction of the total weapon count, Obama has sliced the total by a bit more than one-tenth -- 13 percent. But the Federation of American Scientists is still critical of Obama's progress in this regard. That 13 percent is ""the smallest reduction of the stockpile achieved by any previous post-Cold War administration;"" the 109 dismantlings last year continues ""a trendline of fewer and fewer warheads dismantled"" under Obama. The FAS notes that there are reasons outside of the administration's control for the lower number last year -- but also that political pressure discourages a push for reduction.

Why does the size of our stockpile matter? As data from the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute shows, the United States still controls about half of the weapons controlled by recognized nuclear states.",1
4002,Pentagon weighs using force to protect US-backed Syria rebels targeted by Russia,"Senior U.S. military leaders and defense officials are debating whether military force should be used to protect Washington-backed Syrian rebels who have come under attack by Russian airstrikes in recent days.

The Associated Press reported early Friday that the question was part of a broader debate within the Pentagon about the the broader dilemma of how the administration should respond to what White House press secretary Josh Earnest described as Russia's ""indiscriminate military operations against the Syrian opposition.""

Tensions between the U.S. and Russia are escalating over Russian airstrikes that are serving to strengthen Syrian President Bashar Assad by targeting the so-called ""moderate"" rebels rather than hitting Islamic State (ISIS) fighters it promised to attack.

Turkey's Foreign Ministry says Ankara and its allies in the U.S.-led coalition are calling on Russia to immediately cease attacks on the Syrian opposition and to focus on fighting Islamic State militants.

Meanwhile, a joint statement by the United States, France, Germany, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Turkey and Britain expressed concern over Russia's military actions, saying they will ""only fuel more extremism and radicalization."" The text of the statement was released by the Turkish Foreign Ministry on Friday, and confirmed by the French Foreign Ministry.

The Pentagon on Thursday had its first conversation with Russian officials in an effort to avoid any unintended U.S.-Russian confrontations as the airstrikes continue in the skies over Syria. During the video call, Elissa Slotkin, who represented the U.S. side, expressed America's concerns that Russia is targeting areas where there are few if any ISIS forces operating. Slotkin is the acting assistant secretary of defense for international security affairs.

A key concern is the prospect of the U.S. and Russia getting drawn into a shooting war in the event that Russian warplanes hit moderate Syrian rebels who have been trained and equipped by the U.S. military.

At U.N. headquarters in New York, Secretary of State John Kerry said: ""What is important is Russia has to not be engaged in any activities against anybody but ISIL. That's clear. We have made that very clear.""

""We are not yet where we need to be to guarantee the safety and security"" of those carrying out the airstrikes, he said.

In an interview late Thursday on CBS's ""The Late Show with Stephen Colbert,"" Kerry described the military consultations as ""a way of making sure that planes aren't going to be shooting at each other and making things worse.""

""What is happening is a catastrophe, a human catastrophe really unparalleled in modern times,"" Kerry said of the Syrian crisis, adding that Russia should help the United States ""persuade Assad to be the saver of his country, not the killer of his country.""

U.S. officials made it clear earlier this year that rebels trained by the U.S. would receive air support in the event they are attacked by either IS or Syrian government troops. Currently, only about 80 U.S.-trained Syrian rebels are back in Syria fighting with their units.

The U.S. policy is very specific. It doesn't address a potential attack by Russian planes and does not include Syrian rebels who have not been through the U.S. military training, even though they may be aligned with the U.S. or fighting Islamic State militants.

So far, the Russian airstrikes have been in western Syria. The Syrians trained and equipped by the U.S. have primarily been operating in the north.

U.S. officials said the issue is one of many being hashed out by top leaders within the department and the military's Joint Staff. One official said they are weighing the potential fallout.

At worst, if Russia bombs rebels trained by the U.S. and American fighter jets intercede to protect the Syrians, the exchange could trigger an all-out confrontation with Russia -- a potential disaster the administration would like to avoid.

Fueling the concerns is the fact that Russia has aircraft in Syria with air-to-air combat capacity, even though ISIS has no air force and the only aircraft in the skies belong to U.S.-led coalition or the Syrian government.

Pentagon press secretary Peter Cook would not provide details of the talks with Russia. But much of the discussion involved proposals for avoiding conflict between U.S. and Russian aircraft flying over Syria.

Kerry said he foresees further consultations with the Russians about air operations. And Cook said the U.S. side proposed using specific international radio frequencies for distress calls by military pilots flying in Syrian airspace, but he was not more specific about that or other proposals.

Russia's defense ministry said that over the past 24 hours it had damaged or destroyed 12 targets in Syria belonging to the ISIS fighters, including a command center and ammunition depots. A U.S. military spokesman in Baghdad, Col. Steve Warren, said he had no indication that the Russians had hit Islamic State targets.

""While there is always danger of conflict, of inadvertent contact"" between coalition and Russian warplanes, ""we are continuing with our operations,"" Warren told reporters at the Pentagon.",1
298,Wreckage in wake of bungled House coup,"**Want FOX News First in your inbox every day? Sign up here.**

Buzz Cut:

 • Wreckage in wake of bungled House coup

 • Baier tracks: Islamist militants leave no doubt in Paris

 • Warren to rally labor allies

 • Rubio comes out swinging at Hillary

 • Lizard lips

WRECKAGE IN WAKE OF BUNGLED HOUSE COUP

 WashEx: “Republican leaders on Tuesday infuriated conservatives by meting out punishment to a group of far-right GOP lawmakers who tried to oust House Speaker John Boehner. Hours after 24 Republicans voted against Boehner, GOP leaders removed two members from a key committee. By late Tuesday, Reps. Daniel Webster and Richard Nugent, both of Florida, were stripped from the powerful House Rules Committee, which governs the legislative process, including amendments and changes to bills before they reach the House floor for debate. Webster was one of three candidates who announced they were running against Boehner…But GOP lawmakers told the Examiner that others could feel repercussions, including Rep. Scott Garrett, R-N.J., who could lose his chairmanship of a Financial Services subcommittee.”

 

 [The Hill: “Rep. Tim Huelskamp [R-Kan.] on Tuesday said he had a chairmanship taken away from him shortly after he announced he would vote against Rep. John Boehner [R-Ohio] for Speaker.”]

 

 Mulvaney blasts bunglers - Rep. Mick Mulvaney, R-S.C., took to Facebook to vent his frustrations with the bungled coup: “…the Floor of the House is the wrong place to have this battle. The hard truth is that we had an election for Speaker in November – just among Republicans. THAT was the time to fight. But not a single person ran against Boehner. Not one. If they had, we could’ve had a secret ballot to find out what the true level of opposition to John Boehner was. In fact, we could’ve done that as late as Monday night, on a vote of ‘no confidence’ in the Speaker. But that didn’t happen…and at least one of the supposed challengers to Boehner today didn’t even go to the meeting last night. That told me a lot.”

 

 Here’s how it’s done - Some advice for conservatives from John Hart, who as a senior staff member, helped execute the successful GOP leadership coup of 1998. He was not impressed by the failed effort. “In contrast, today’s effort gives rebellion a bad name. It is tepid, poorly planned and pretends to be conservative but is conventional Washington politics and posturing at its worst.”

 

 OBAMA TO WARN OF GAS PRICE RISE IN DETROIT GREEN CAR PITCH

 Detroit News: “President Barack Obama is warning Americans that cheap gas prices won’t last indefinitely, and he’s standing by his support of small, fuel-efficient vehicles. “I would strongly advise American consumers to continue to think about how you save money at the pump because it is good for the environment, it’s good for family pocketbooks and if you go back to old habits and suddenly gas is back at $3.50, you are going to not be real happy,” Obama said in an exclusive telephone interview with The Detroit News on Tuesday, the eve of his visit to Ford’s Michigan Assembly plant in Wayne.”

 

 Hang time - WashEx: “President Obama has invited the top four Democratic and Republican leaders in the House and Senate to a meeting at the White House next Tuesday, as Obama tries to build momentum for his legislative agenda at the start of the 2015 congressional session.”

 

 Swing set - The Hill: “Senate Republicans are reaching out to about nine Democrats they see as crucial swing votes in the new Congress. With his 54-seat majority, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (Ky.) is six votes short of overcoming Democratic filibusters, making bipartisan support a necessity for getting most legislation to President Obama’s desk. Republicans have identified six go-to centrists: Democratic Sens. Joe Manchin (W.Va.), Heidi Heitkamp (N.D.), Mark Warner (Va.), Tim Kaine (Va.) and Joe Donnelly (Ind.) and independent Sen. Angus King (Maine), who caucuses with the Democrats. Several other Democrats, including Sens. Claire McCaskill (Mo.), Chris Coons (Del.), Tom Carper (Del.) and Martin Heinrich (N.M.), are also targets, though they are seen as riskier partners.”

 

 CBC will feel the Love - Daily Caller: “Utah Rep. Mia Love, who recently became the first black female Republican ever elected to Congress, joined the Congressional Black Caucus, according to a Tuesday announcement - potentially bad news for the group.  Love, the former mayor of Saratoga Springs, has stated that she would likely join the CBC but would attempt drastic change from within the group, which tends to lean to the left.”

 

 BAIER TRACKS: ISLAMIST MILITANTS LEAVE NO DOUBT IN PARIS…

 “The Paris terrorist attack is another stark example of the threat the Western world faces from radical Islamists of all names, acronyms, shapes, sizes, and locations – Muslim extremists who seek to impose their ‘law’ on everyone else.  Today’s version involved military style terrorist commandos dressed in black, armed with AK-47s, clearly trained and moving in a coordinated fashion. Multiple reports say the terrorists yelled ‘Allah Akbar’ as they shot reporters and cartoonists in the newsroom of the Charlie Hebdo magazine in Paris, which had written satirically about Islam and published cartoons about the Prophet Muhammad. Witnesses say the gunmen yelled, ‘We’ve avenged the honor of the prophet!’ in French- before escaping.

 

 The first public reaction from the White House was to ‘condemn this act of violence’. Pressed on why it wasn’t an act of terrorism, spokesman Josh Earnest said ‘it’s early’. ‘If it’s an act of terrorism we will condemn that too’. Then the French President put out a statement calling the onslaught a horrific act of terror.  Afterwards, Earnest, appearing on Fox, adjusted and called it an ‘act of terror’. What this semantics game shows is that the White House still seems reticent to speak out against radical Islamist terrorists in the strongest terms - early and often. We all understand the ‘fog’ of the early minutes of an ‘attack’, but after a short time this seemed cut and dry. And the French certainly understood it early. We’ll see how forceful the president is about it today as he touts the U.S. economy in Detroit.” – Bret Baier.

 

 WITH YOUR SECOND CUP OF COFFEE...

 The Daily Mail reports on the spectacular photos of Comet Lovejoy, which will pass Earth at its closest distance today. The comet was first spotted by amateur astronomer Terry Lovejoy in August and is thought to be about 43 million miles away and traveling at 15 miles per second. Lovejoy has an extremely strong record in comet watching, discovering five thus far in with simple equipment. Slowly gaining brightness, the striking comet with its green glow from the cyanogen and diatomic carbon should allow viewers even in light-polluted suburbs to catch a glimpse. Comets are rock, gravel and dust held together by ice.

 

 Got a TIP from the RIGHT or LEFT? Email FoxNewsFirst@FOXNEWS.COM

 

 POLL CHECK

 Real Clear Politics Averages

 Obama Job Approval: Approve – 44.3 percent//Disapprove – 51.4 percent

 Direction of Country: Right Direction – 27.5 percent//Wrong Track – 64.3 percent

 

 RUBIO COMES OUT SWINGING AT HILLARY IN NEW BOOK

 Tampa Bay Times: “Marco Rubio wastes no time in his new book, American Dreams, going after Hillary Clinton. On page nine of the forward, a lament that the dream is fading for many, the Republican senator from Florida argues Clinton ‘has proven herself wedded to the policies and programs of the past. Instead of reforming a higher education system that costs too much money, is too hard for nontraditional students to access and awards too many degrees that do not lead to jobs, another Clinton presidency will be about spending more money on a broken system,’ Rubio writes…‘The election of Hillary Clinton to the presidency, in short, would be nothing more than a third Obama term. Another Clinton presidency would be a death blow to the American Dream.’ But Rubio, whose book will be published by Sentinel on Jan. 13, knows partisan jabs only go so far.…But the point of the book is to spotlight Rubio as someone who can bring it all home. He doesn't declare himself a candidate for president, of course, but the 43-year-old leaves no mystery that he thinks he's qualified to lead a movement to ‘restore the land of opportunity.’”

 

 Offers new immigration plan - National Journal: “Marco Rubio won’t apologize for attempting to pass a comprehensive immigration bill that included a pathway to citizenship for illegal immigrants. But he will, in the run-up to a potential presidential campaign, offer a new, pared-down, conservative-friendly approach to immigration reform…Here are some key passages from Rubio’s book pertaining to immigration.

CHAMBER POLITICAL GURU ENGSTROM JOINS UP WITH JEB

 AP: “Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush on Tuesday announced the formation of a political action committee designed to lay the groundwork for a 2016 presidential campaign…Bush’s new organization is already adding high-profile operatives to his team. Rob Engstrom, political director at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, informed colleagues on Tuesday that he is moving to Florida to volunteer for the Right to Rise PAC.”

 

 Power Play: Hot Rise - With the 2016 nomination contest heating up, Chris Stirewalt explains the whys and wherefores of the launch of Jeb Bush’s super PAC, the Right to Rise, and the impact on its fundraising prowess. WATCH HERE.

 

 “Today, Jeb Bush launched The Right to Rise, a leadership PAC dedicated to making America a place of unlimited opportunity. Laura and I are proud to support my brother and contribute.” – Former President George W. Bush in a Facebook post.

 

 INDIANA LAWMAKERS ICE PENCE WHITE HOUSE BILL

 Indianapolis [Indiana] Star: “Indiana’s top legislative Republicans said Tuesday that a bill allowing Gov. Mike Pence to run for the White House and governor on the same ticket is unlikely to be approved this year. Senate President Pro Tem David Long, R-Fort Wayne, said Tuesday he plans to send it to the Senate Rules Committee, shorthand for killing legislation in the Statehouse…Gov. Mike Pence called a proposal that would allow him to seek the White House without having to sacrifice the governor’s office ‘well-intentioned,’ but would not dismiss the controversial measure Tuesday…But pressed later on whether he had asked for the legislation, Pence only repeated, ‘The first I heard about it was when I read it in the paper.’ State law bars candidates from seeking two offices on the same ballot, forcing politicians to choose one office or another…Pence has stoked talk of a possible presidential run, most recently with a highly touted trip to Israel, but has said he will not announce his plans until after the session ends in April.”

 

 WARREN TO RALLY LABOR ALLIES

 The Hill: “Sen. Elizabeth Warren [D-Mass.] will fuel speculation that she’s plotting to challenge former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in 2016 when she delivers a keynote address before the AFL-CIO National Summit on Raising Wages [today] in Washington D.C.. It’s her first major address this year and will likely only add to the growing questions about her plans for the upcoming election cycle. The address also comes as Senate Democrats are planning to make income inequality a focus in 2016.”

 

 Ready for Warren rallies set for Iowa - Des Moines Register: “House parties are planned Wednesday night in Des Moines and Iowa City by political activists encouraging U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren, a Massachusetts Democrat, to run for president…Activists at both parties plan to write postcards to Warren to urge her enter the 2016 presidential campaign, organizers said. They described the Iowa parties as part of a national grassroots effort to draft Warren as a presidential candidate.”

 

 Hillary staff build out continues - Politico: “Hillary Clinton is beginning to put together the pieces for a likely campaign, tapping two top strategists — including President Barack Obama’s pollster — to work with her in the lead-up toward an ultimate decision. Robby Mook, who worked on Clinton’s 2008 campaign and is widely expected to be Clinton’s campaign manager, and Joel Benenson, Obama’s pollster who had for months been eyed for a role on her team, have been working with her as she makes a final decision and begins to put together a framework for a staff, according to people close to the former Secretary of State.”

 

 KOCH BRO CALLS FOR CRIMINAL LAWS TO LIGHTEN UP

 Billionaire industrialist Charles Koch, who along with his brother David helped propel Republicans to victory in the midterms, offers a plan to reduce poverty and improve race relations by rethinking our justice system, in a Politico OpEd: “Overcriminalization has led to the mass incarceration of those ensnared by our criminal justice system, even though such imprisonment does not always enhance public safety.  Indeed, more than half of federal inmates are nonviolent drug offenders. Enforcing so many victimless crimes inevitably leads to conflict between our citizens and law enforcement. As we have seen all too often, it can place our police officers in harm’s way, leading to tragic consequences for all involved.”

 

 LIZARD LIPS

 South Florida’s Sun Sentinel reports that the owner of a reptile store, Benjamin Siegel, has been charged with battery and animal cruelty for allegedly using a bearded dragon lizard to beat his employees. He also allegedly put a lizard in his mouth. In 2012, Siegel had a cockroach-eating contest at the store where the winner, Edward Archbold died after choking on the bugs. Siegel’s attorney, Ken Padowitz, said he will “vigorously defend” his client. “I’m in the process of conducting an investigation and looking into all the facts so I can best represent my client against these allegations,” Padowitz said. Siegel also faces pending cocaine charges from a Christmas Eve arrest.

 

 AND NOW, A WORD FROM CHARLES…

 “[President Obama is] the fourth quarter, he’s never running again. The reason he’s doing X, Y, and Z is not because … he’s working his way to the left or the right. He doesn’t need anybody. This is Obama the way he really is.” – Charles Krauthammer on “Special Report with Bret Baier” Watch here.

 

 Chris Stirewalt is digital politics editor for Fox News.  Want FOX News First in your inbox every day? Sign up here.

Chris Stirewalt joined Fox News Channel (FNC) in July of 2010 and serves as digital politics editor based in Washington, D.C.  Additionally, he authors the daily ""Fox News First"" political news note and hosts ""Power Play,"" a feature video series, on FoxNews.com. Stirewalt makes frequent appearances on the network, including ""The Kelly File,"" ""Special Report with Bret Baier,"" and ""Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace.""  He also provides expert political analysis for Fox News coverage of state, congressional and presidential elections.",1
1225,"Why Nevada was a bad sign for Bernie Sanders's ""political revolution""","It was bad news for Bernie Sanders that he lost in Nevada Saturday. But there may be a bigger crisis embedded in the loss: It suggested he isn't delivering on a key ingredient needed for his ""political revolution.""

On Saturday, about 80,000 voters participated in Nevada's caucus — roughly two-thirds of the total that came out in 2008.

Sanders's reason for running, as he describes it, is to upend how money and special interests shape American politics by empowering voters. This means bringing out an unprecedented number of people on Election Day.

So as bad as it was to lose Nevada on Saturday night, the tepid voter turnout in itself is almost a more significant problem for him.

Throughout the course of his campaign, Sanders has promised to transform American government by bringing ""millions and millions"" of new voters to the ballot box.

This is in contrast to the incrementalism of Clinton's campaign, which recognizes the confines of a bitterly divided American electorate and offers to fight for whatever gains are available.

Sanders rejects the limits of this system. His ""political revolution"" is based on the idea that Democrats could win big with a message that gets a massive number of new lower- and middle-income voters continually engaged in the political process.

It's an inspiring vision. But there is little sign that it's actually happening.

Low turnout in Nevada wasn't an outlier. New Hampshire saw 10 percent fewer voters in 2016 than it did eight years ago. In Iowa, turnout was also down — from 287,000 in 2008 to 171,000 this year. (By contrast, voter numbers are exploding on the Republican side, with records for GOP turnout being crushed in Iowa, New Hampshire, and, from the early results, South Carolina.)

Sanders needs this to change, and quickly, to validate one of his key arguments against Clinton.

As Vox's Ezra Klein has written, Sanders thinks ""the core failure"" of Obama's presidency is its failure to convert voter enthusiasm in 2008 into a durable, mobilized organizing force beyond the election. Sanders vows to rectify this mistake by maintaining the energy from the campaign for subsequent fights against the corporate interests and in congressional and state elections.

The relatively low voter turnout in the Democratic primary so far makes this more sweeping plan seem laughably implausible. Three states have voted, we've had countless debates and town halls, and there's been wall-to-wall media coverage for weeks. Sanders has drawn close to Clinton in the polls, and there are real stakes in a closely divided race.

And yet ... we have little evidence that Sanders has actually activated a new force in electoral politics. If he can't match the excitement generated by Obama on the campaign trail, how can he promise to exceed it once in office?",1
919,New York restores order for 2016 front-runners,"Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump scored resounding wins in New York Tuesday. The results underscored Bernie Sanders's limitations, but still leave much to play for in the GOP race.

How SNL's 'the bubble' sketch about polarization is all too true

Former President Bill Clinton (l.) applauds, as his wife, Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, celebrates after winning the New York state primary Tuesday in New York.

This time it was personal.

On Tuesday, Hillary Clinton emphatically underlined her front-runner status and won a resounding victory over her previously surging rival, revealing the limits of Bernie Sanders’s rally-based campaign and his focus on anti-Wall Street economic populism.

Mrs. Clinton won the New York primary by nearly 16 percentage points – an unexpectedly wide margin of victory crafted by assembling a diverse coalition of Democratic voters.

Clinton had come to New York weeks ago, campaigning during a stretch in which Senator Sanders of Vermont had been reeling off convincing wins in eight of the previous nine contests.

Sanders’s momentum included his massive, record-setting rallies in New York, Hollywood star power, and the enthusiasm of tens of thousands of young and boisterous supporters during the past two weeks. And in many national polls, Sanders had all but erased the former secretary of State’s lead of nearly 15 percentage points in February.

Clinton, however, kept it small and local throughout the campaign, fanning out into the state’s Democratic establishment bases. She danced Dominican bachata at a block party in Washington Heights, played dominoes with locals in Harlem, sipped Chinese bubble tea in Queens.

She pressed the flesh with local officials at organizing events, visited black churches throughout the state, and bored into local concerns – just like she had when she twice ran for the United States Senate here. In a closed primary – where only registered Democrats could vote – the strategy worked.

“Today you proved once again, there’s no place like home,” Clinton said during her victory party at the Sheridan near Times Square, beaming and with an almost palpable sense of relief. “In this campaign, we’ve won in every region of the country,” she continued. “But this one’s personal. New Yorkers, you’ve always had my back. And I’ve always tried to have yours.”

Just a few blocks away at Trump Tower in Manhattan, billionaire Donald Trump reestablished his role as the Republican front-runner, also winning the New York primary in dramatic – if expected – fashion with nearly 60 percent of the vote and taking at least 89 of the 95 delegates at stake.

Mr. Trump, too, had stumbled in recent weeks as Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas had strategically outmaneuvered his campaign, which relies on big rallies to galvanize followers. Senator Cruz had swept up all the delegates from the Colorado Republican convention earlier in April and continued to pick up stray delegates even in states the real estate mogul had received a majority of votes.

The GOP leader had been decrying the party’s delegate system, calling it rigged against outside candidates like him. But New York voters overwhelmingly chose the Queens-born billionaire, giving new life to his hope of winning a majority of delegates before the convention in Cleveland.

""We don't have much of a race anymore,"" Trump told his supporters in his victory speech in the Trump Tower lobby. ""We're going to go into the convention I think as the winner,"" saying Cruz was ""just about mathematically eliminated.""

To the contrary, the math still shows a steep climb for Trump to get the 1,237 delegates he needs to avoid a contested convention. The latest estimate by NBC News suggests Trump will need to win about 57 percent of the remaining delegates to reach 1,237. To this point, he's secured 47 percent of the delegates on offer, according to a Politico tally.

For both Cruz and Gov. John Kasich of Ohio, as well as the #NeverTrump establishment forces within the GOP, the strategy remains to deny Trump a majority of delegates and then take their chances within a contested convention.

On the Democratic side, however, Clinton is more and more poised to become the nominee. The NBC estimate suggests she now needs to win less than 33 percent of the remaining delegates (including super delegates) to secure the nomination. To this point, she's won 59 percent of the delegates on offer, according to Politico.

""We started this race not far from here on Roosevelt Island,"" Clinton said during her victory speech. ""And tonight, a little less than a year later, the race for the Democratic nomination is in the home stretch and victory is in sight.""

Sanders had hoped a victory here – or even a closely-contested loss on Clinton’s adopted home turf – would further damage the front-runner. His campaign spent nearly $2 million more in television ads than Clinton’s, and Sanders and his followers had ramped up their criticisms, questioning her ties to Wall Street and past support for harsh criminal justice measures.

The Vermont senator traveled to Pennsylvania for a rally at a college on Tuesday, but in the evening he flew home to Burlington, Vt. – without his press entourage – to get “recharged and take a day off.”

“Bernie Sanders got very negative attacking Hillary Clinton and dividing the party in New York, and I think he now has to ask himself if he wants to keep going down that path,” said Jay Jacobs, the Democratic chairman in Long Island’s suburban Nassau County, according to The New York Times. “After New York, we’re moving into a phase of the campaign where we have to start uniting the party.”

Sanders complained about the built-in advantages Clinton had as an establishment candidate. Since New York is a “closed” primary, independents and those registered with other parties had to re-register as Democrats by October of last year – well before Sanders began his surge.

But the same problems Sanders faced in New York will only multiply in the days ahead. Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, and Pennsylvania hold closed primaries next Tuesday. Moreover, the Vermont senator has performed best within states with few minority voters. Polls show that Clinton maintains significant leads in diverse states like Pennsylvania and Maryland, as well as Connecticut.

The Sanders campaign said it would “assess where we are” after those contests, the Associated Press reported late Tuesday.

And while many of Sanders’s young supporters had sometimes expressed deep animus towards Clinton, exit polls on Tuesday revealed that a vast majority of Democratic voters in New York would support either candidate in the general election.

“To all the people who supported Sen. Sanders,” a rejuvenated Clinton told her supporters Tuesday night, “I believe there is much more that unites us than divides us.”",1
3128,Pope calls on Catholics to shelter Europe's migrants,"BERLIN — Pope Francis called on religious communities and Catholic parishes across Europe on Sunday to take on the crush of migrants that have been pouring into the continent recently.

He said the Vatican will shelter two families who are ""fleeing death.""

Francis cited Mother Teresa, the European-born nun who cared for the poorest in India, in making his appeal. ""Faced with the tragedy of tens of thousands of refugees who are fleeing death by war and by hunger, and who are on a path toward a hope for life, the Gospel calls us to be neighbors to the smallest and most abandoned, to give them concrete hope,"" Francis said, adding that it's not enough to say, ""Have courage, hang in there.""

The pope’s plea comes as thousands more refugees from war-torn countries such as Syria and Afghanistan were expected to arrive in Austria and Germany on Sunday. The migrants were traveling from Hungary where they had been stranded for days as European leaders debate how to best handle the surge.

On Saturday, about 7,000 people crossed the border on foot from Hungary to Austria. A similar amount arrived into Munich's central train station by Saturday evening.



 ""I appeal to the parishes, the religious communities, the monasteries and sanctuaries of all Europe to ... take in one family of refugees,"" Pope Francis said after his Sunday address in the Vatican, according to Reuters.



 There are more than 25,000 parishes in Italy alone, and more than 12,000 in Germany, where many of the Syrians fleeing civil war and people trying to escape poverty and hardship in other countries say they want to end up.



 The pope’s call was another in a series of recent public interventions by the Vatican to end conflicts and reconcile differences between countries, from Mideast peace meetings to brokering talks between the U.S. and Cuba.



According to Reuters, the crowd in St. Peter's Square on Sunday applauded as the pontiff, himself the grandson of Italian emigrants to Argentina, said: ""Every parish, every religious community, every monastery, every sanctuary of Europe, take in one family.""



 Authorities in Budapest had refused to let the migrants travel amid confusion from European Union member states about what to do with the new arrivals.



 Europe is absorbing tens of thousands of people this year from Africa, the Middle East and Asia who are desperate to reach the region.



People from Syria, Afghanistan and Eritrea fleeing conflict and repression in those nations represent the largest number of people on the move.



 More than 3,700 people around the world have died in 2015 as they attempt to escape war, persecution and economic hardship, according to the International Organization for Migration.



Europe, with its relatively robust welfare states and infrastructure for asylum seekers, is better placed, many argue, to handle the influx than nations in the Middle East region. Persian Gulf states have donated millions of dollars but have not resettled people in significant numbers. That inaction has brought them criticism from some quarters. 



 Australia's Prime Minister Tony Abbott said Sunday his government was considering accepting more Syrian refugees.

Around half of Syria's population of 20 million have fled the country or been displaced internally amid a civil war that has raged for over four years.

Authorities in Cyprus rescued 114 people Sunday about 50 miles off the coast of the Mediterranean island after the fishing boat they were in ran into trouble.

German Chancellor Angela Merkel meanwhile is holding crisis talks on the thousands of refugees and migrants who want to come to Germany.

 She wants other EU member states to take more refugees.

Berlin estimates that up to 800,000 people may seek asylum in Germany before the end of the year, far more than any other EU country, and the chancellor is also concerned that extremists may try to stoke anti-refugee sentiment.

Some far-right groups in Germany, for example, protested the arrival of refugees and migrants from Hungary in Dortmund overnight.",1
3175,3 winners and 2 losers from Saturday night's Republican debate,"One might have expected the ninth Republican presidential debate to be a cut above the earlier edition. With Chris Christie out of the race and Ben Carson present but basically out of the running, it was a chance for the race to get serious, for the five candidates who could potentially win this thing to make their cases without much distraction from the B players.

Instead, Donald Trump accused Jeb Bush of threatening to moon the kind people of New Hampshire.

It was an anarchic evening where even disciplined moderators had trouble keeping things on track. That's par for the course for these things at this point, but the particular kind of chaos this time around was different, and didn't always play to the favor of Donald Trump, lord of chaos.

We won't know who ""really"" won until poll results trickle in. But in the meantime, here are the candidates who ended the night better off than they started it — and the ones who slipped.

After a long campaign in which his name has become almost synonymous with failure and pathos, Jeb finally — finally — had a good night.

It may not have come to him entirely fairly. The whole debate he appeared to have the support of the live audience, who even raucously applauded his characteristically dull and platitudinous closing statement. This makes sense: Apparently only 600 of the 1,600 tickets to the event were given to the candidates, and the state and national party controlled most of the rest. The result was an enthusiastically pro-Jeb crowd.

But whatever the reason for their Bush love, it worked. Trump was frequently booed — and when he tried to argue the audience was stacked against him, he was booed even harder. And Jeb was given the chance to throw red meat not to GOP base voters, but to typical GOP establishment types.

That distinction is crucial. Defending the Iraq War is not something that, say, Tea Party activists are all that excited about doing. But it's something longtime Republican activists who were involved in the South Carolina state party in the 2000s had to do all the time. George W. Bush was their guy for eight years. They stood by him. They knew all the attacks about him and recoiled at each one.

So when Trump decided to attack the Iraq War, and point out that the president who presided over 9/11 cannot reasonably claim to have ""kept us safe,"" the crowd took it personally. And booed. And applauded when Bush fought back:

Applause, applause, applause. The Republican base might have moved on from George W. Bush, but the professional party operative class in the audience in South Carolina has not, and gave Bush one hell of a moment, which likely helped him with viewers in the state without that emotional attachment to the Bush legacy.

Even better, he didn't have to answer for his flip-flop on whether Iraq was a mistake, even as Trump pressed him to do so. And best of all, Marco Rubio, Jeb's main rival for the establishment vote, helped Bush out, declaring, ""I just want to say, at least on behalf of me and my family, I thank God all the time it was George W. Bush in the White House on 9/11 and not Al Gore.""

Jeb also did something he's been hesitant to do for much of this campaign: He embraced being a Bush. This is clearly part of a broader strategy, what with W coming back to campaign for his brother in South Carolina. But it's a smart strategy. Bush was never going to win by hoping that people forgot he's related to one of the most controversial figures in Republican history. But there is some residual goodwill in the party toward W, especially on national security, and Bush is uniquely positioned to exploit that at a moment when ISIS has made terrorism and Islamist radicalism much bigger issues than they've been for years.

Jeb is still languishing in fourth in South Carolina polls. It's too soon to declare he has momentum. But he gave about the best performance he could've hoped for, which should give him a decent chance of outpacing Rubio and maybe even Cruz too in the state:

The longer, the bloodier, and the sillier this campaign season is, the better it is for the eventual Democratic nominee. And it doesn't get much longer, bloodier, or sillier than the debate tonight.

Here's some stuff that actually happened tonight. After a campaign that's mostly involved candidates falling over themselves to show their commitment to screwing over Latino undocumented immigrants, Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio started arguing over who spoke better Spanish — in Spanish:

Donald Trump, the GOP frontrunner who won New Hampshire in a landslide and will almost certainly win in South Carolina too, stuck up for Planned Parenthood. To repeat: Less than a year after doctored undercover videos made the organization anathema to all Republicans and its defunding a key priority of the congressional GOP, the Republican frontrunner for president praised it:

And Trump accused Jeb Bush of threatening to expose his buttocks to crowds of voters, an accusation that is, amazingly, not entirely without merit!

If it had been scripted, it would've been the greatest surrealist masterpiece this side of Luis Buñuel, but to any general election swing voters watching, it was just a clown show. The most reasonable person onstage was defending the Iraq War at great length. That's bananas!

Worse still for Republicans, it left the race still largely unsettled. Probably the best hope for a swift end to the primary is for Trump to just keep winning everything — but Trump had one of his worst nights to date. Probably the best hope for an establishment contender to win is for John Kasich to realize he can't do well outside New Hampshire and drop out, for Rubio to acknowledge that he's toast and do the same, and for Jeb! to rise up and save the day. But while Jeb had a good night, it wasn't a so-good-he-knocked-out-his-rivals night.

And Ted Cruz gave a perfectly fine performance that should keep him firmly in second place, or even give him the potential to repeat his Iowa victory over Trump a few more times and throw the race into still further chaos.

The takeaway from tonight was that this race will last a long time, it will involve a lot more ridiculous debates like this, and it will continue to make the Republican party look like a silly mess. That's all great news for Hillary and Bernie.

No moderator could've completely contained the madness that was tonight's debate. Jeb and Trump were too committed to going after each other, as were Rubio and Cruz, for them to respect time restrictions or refrain from demanding a right to respond when their names were so much as mentioned in passing.

But CBS's John Dickerson nonetheless did a fine job, asking productive follow-up questions and, with a couple exceptions (like a question about Trump's profanity), mostly sticking to the substance. His back-and-forth with Ted Cruz pointing out that Anthony Kennedy was confirmed for the Supreme Court in an election year earned him boos from the audience, who saw him as nitpicky and eager to defend Obama's nomination. But he was right, and he was keeping Cruz to the facts — which is crucial for a moderator.

Another highlight was Major Garrett's questioning on Cruz's tax plan. Garrett took it for granted that Cruz is proposing a value-added tax — which Cruz has denied, but which is absolutely true if you look at how it's structured. Cruz denied it, but Garrett pressed him.

But perhaps the best question went to Trump:

Trump just didn't answer the question, even after Dickerson pressed him. The upshot was clear: Trump isn't capable, or isn't willing, of conceding literally any error. He really is exactly as arrogant as you think he is. And Dickerson demonstrated this not by saying it or arguing it but by having Trump show it for himself. That's moderating at its finest.

And he mostly got booed for having a point. He attacked the audience as stacked to be pro-Bush — which it appears to have been. He defended Planned Parenthood as doing important work besides abortions — which it does. And he attacked George W. Bush for launching a war in Iraq when there were no weapons of mass destruction and for failing to prevent 9/11 — both totally legitimate criticisms.

But they are not criticisms you make in a Republican debate. Trump has strayed from party doctrine before, but when he's done so, it's been on issues where the GOP is in a very different place from the establishment. He opposes cutting Social Security and Medicare, which enrages libertarian economic types within the party but delights actual voters, especially elderly ones. He wants big tariffs on China, which free-traders in the party hate but white working-class workers who actually vote for the party love.

Here, though, he's on his own. There's not a huge Republican constituency for the idea that the Iraq War was not just bad but built on a lie:

Now, the general point here is true. Bush and Dick Cheney made claims about WMD and Iraq's relationship with al-Qaeda that weren't just false, but which they knew to be false given the intelligence they had at the time, or for which they had no evidence at all. But it's something that you'd expect a Democratic primary contender to say, not a Republican. (And throwing in ""they knew there were none"" is even a bit far for a Democrat.) Trump is allowed his heterodoxies on some issues, but accusing the most recent Republican president of deliberately misleading the nation into a war is unlikely to appeal to just about any GOPer.

Same with his claim on 9/11. Here, Trump isn't merely critiquing Bush's Iraq policy, something that's a bit more acceptable within the GOP. He's critiquing Bush's terrorism record in general — and, implicitly, the overall Republican foreign policy consensus that the correct way to fight terrorism is through overwhelming force. That's a consensus that's lasted since Bush left office and isn't really challenged by any other candidate.

Trump's Planned Parenthood comments are perhaps most baffling at all. There really aren't that many pro-choice Republicans out there, or even many pro-life Republicans open to the aggressive promotion of birth control through groups like Planned Parenthood. And however many there were before the organization became a right-wing media boogeyman last year, there are almost certainly fewer now. There's no reason for an undecided pro-life activist to watch that exchange and come away preferring Trump to his rivals.

All of this is bad for Trump on his own, but it's especially bad given that Trump was unabashedly liberal before 2011 or so. He said in 2008 that Bush deliberately lied to start the war in Iraq, and attacked congressional Democrats for not impeaching him over it. In 1999, he told Tim Russert he was ""strongly for choice"":

Republican rivals have tried to attack him for this before, mostly without success. Voters saw Trump as authentic now, whatever his past beliefs; why not believe the message? But seeing elements of the old, more liberal Trump sneak through might give that critique new force.

Trump is still winning this primary. He will probably win in South Carolina, and the rest of the field remains scattered enough that he stands a good shot of winning a majority of states in the ""SEC primary"" on March 1. But tonight, more than any other debate, felt like a momentum where the tide could shift against him.

If his name weren't Marco Rubio, this guy would've dropped out by now. Think about it: If, say, Chris Christie had gotten third in Iowa and then fifth in New Hampshire, and totally botched the pre–New Hampshire debate, would anyone look at him and think, ""Yeah, this is a guy with a plausible path to the nomination""? Of course not. But because Rubio has been the one true hope of the Republican establishment for most of this cycle, he's been given something of a pass.

But he still needs a way to take advantage of that lenience. He needs a way to beat back Bush and Kasich and emerge once again as the natural establishment rival to Cruz and Trump. And he needed, tonight, to overcome his last disastrous debate performance and prove to the establishment that he won't fail them again.

What happened instead was a basically fine debate performance, devoid of any obvious gaffes, that nonetheless was woefully insufficient to turn around his dying campaign. His decision to attack Cruz more than Trump might have made strategic sense, but in practice it mostly gave Cruz a chance to remind voters, once again, that Rubio favors letting some undocumented immigrants become citizens. And every minute Rubio's immigration views are the topic at hand, he loses.

And when it came time for Rubio to attack Trump, he … defended Jeb Bush. ""I just want to say,"" he declared, ""at least on behalf of me and my family, I thank God all the time it was George W. Bush in the White House on 9/11 and not Al Gore."" That is a great thing for a Bush surrogate to say, so as to build up the family reputation and give Jeb a hand. It's a gracious but tactically baffling thing to say if you are trying to defeat Jeb Bush.

Rubio wasn't a disaster. But he didn't need not-a-disaster. He needed a blockbuster performance that got him back to where he was immediately post-Iowa, with strong momentum and a media narrative of Rubio rising. He didn't get that, and it's difficult to see now how he's ever going to put himself back in contention.",1
2655,"The Oregon militia standoff, explained","A militia protesting the ""tyranny"" of the federal government seized the headquarters of a federal wildlife refuge in Oregon on January 2 and, in a video posted to Facebook, called on ""patriots"" from all over the country to come to the refuge with their guns to join their fight.

On January 26, six members of that militia, including leaders Ammon and Ryan Bundy, were arrested on charges of conspiracy to impede federal law enforcement officers from their official duties. The arrests happened after a shootout in which one militia member was killed, and another injured.

Ammon Bundy's father Cliven Bundy became a Fox News star in 2014 for his armed standoff in Nevada with the federal government over cattle-grazing rights. On the surface, the 2016 wildlife-reserve occupation is about a father and son from Oregon who were ordered by the court to return to prison to serve additional time for a 2012 arson on federal land. But, as with Cliven Bundy's standoff, the anti-government militiamen driving this crisis believe it's about standing up to a tyrannical federal government.

The apparent goal of the takeover is ultimately to induce the federal government to turn over government-owned land to local ranchers, loggers, and miners for their use. Here is Ammon Bundy, one of the militia leaders, explaining it in his own words:

But the men involved in the takeover — including Ammon Bundy, Ammon's brother Ryan, Jon Ritzheimer, Blaine Cooper, and Ryan Payne — are not locals. Rather, they are a small group of individuals who travel around the country attaching themselves to various local fights against the federal government, usually over land rights. Several of them were involved in Cliven Bundy's 2014 standoff.

Now they have latched onto the cause of two local ranchers from Burns, Oregon: Dwight and Steven Hammond.

Dwight Hammond, age 73, and his son Steven, age 46, are scheduled to report to federal prison on Monday. Dwight, the father, faces nearly five years in prison; son Steven faces up to four years. The Hammonds were convicted of arson in 2012 for setting fire to public land adjacent to their ranch land. They have already served prison sentences for their crimes, but they now must return for an additional term after federal appellate judges said they had been illegally sentenced the first time.

But the Hammonds' political cause isn't primarily about sentencing. Rather, it's about federal land use — and opposition to what is seen as an intrusive or outright illegal federal government.

Federal agencies own and regulate huge chunks of land in western states like Oregon and Nevada. As such,  those with anti-government views, particularly in western states, often focus on the federal government 's land-use policies. Hence the significance of the Hammonds' case — and the change to their sentencing, which just further fed into views of a tyrannical federal government out of control.

Here again is Zaitz, the Oregonian journalist:

On Saturday, members of the militia attended a demonstration in Burns that had gathered to protest the Hammonds' case. After the protest, the militiamen drove to the wildlife refuge and took it over.

It seems that the militiamen may have initially planned to seize the wildlife refuge headquarters in order to establish a ""sanctuary"" where the Hammonds could go to evade prison.

As Ammon Bundy sees it, the locals are ""not strong enough"" to stand up for themselves, so the militia must act as the ""tip of the spear"" and lead the fight on behalf of the locals.

Thus, Bundy and his fellow militiamen have seized the headquarters of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge — located in a remote area some 50 miles southeast of the city of Burns — in hopes of creating a ""base"" where ""patriots"" like themselves can come, with their guns, to live and make their stand against the ""tyrannical"" federal government.

No. For one thing, it turned out that the Hammonds don't actually want the militia's help — or at least, not anymore.

At first, according to the Oregonian, the Hammonds ""accepted the militia's offer of help to avoid prison."" But they ""changed their minds after being warned by federal prosecutors to stop communicating with the militia"" and have now ""professed through their attorneys that they had no interest in ignoring the order to report for prison.""

Ammon also tried to recruit residents from the surrounding area, reportedly meeting with 10 or so locals, but they all turned him down.

The Oregonian interviewed some locals who expressed sympathy for the Hammonds and for the militia's ""constitutional arguments"" but ultimately rejected the militia for its extremism.

The militia, the local fire chief told the newspaper, ""seems like a bunch of people ready to shoot. I don't want that in my county.""

A local rancher woman said, ""We're not from the militia. We're not going to come in with guns and overthrow the government.""

On January 26, law enforcement officials arrested six of the militia leaders — including Ammon and Ryan Bundy — after an encounter with law enforcement resulted in a shootout. One militia member was killed and another was injured (and is recovering in a local hospital). No law-enforcement agents are reported to have been killed.

As of Tuesday night, it is not clear whether the other militia members are being ordered to leave the refuge, or will leave of their own volition — or whether the standoff will continue after the leaders' arrest.

It has been unclear throughout the occupation exactly how many militia members are inside the occupied building and what kind of weapons they may have. As reported by the Oregonian:

A reporter for the Oregonian also tweeted this:

As mentioned earlier, several of the men behind this takeover were also involved in the standoff in Nevada in 2014, which very nearly ended in bloodshed as hundreds of heavily armed militia members stood off with federal agents. Thankfully, disaster was averted when federal authorities made the decision to pack up and leave without any prior announcement.

That may not necessarily be the case this time around. In fact, at least one militia member seems to be expecting things to go very differently this time. Jon Ritzheimer, the former US Marine whose anti-Muslim rhetoric and activities raised alarms with the FBI in November 2015, posted a video to YouTube on December 31 in which he seemed to be saying goodbye to his family and explaining the reason why he felt compelled to fight the US government in Oregon. Here's the video:",1
1561,This is what it’s like to be a Bush stuck at the bottom of the polls,"Being Jeb Bush these days means coping with a series of petty humiliations.

At a weekend conference in Miami, fundraisers questioned the direction of the campaign and worried it’s too late for a rebound. During a foreign policy speech in Washington, people slipped out of the room to go see rival Chris Christie instead. The jebbush.com domain was redirected to Donald Trump’s website because the Bush campaign failed to lock it down.

And on the campaign trail, the press corps following the former Florida governor is dwindling and focused mostly on his terrible polling numbers, now mired in the low single digits. While front-runner Trump packs arenas with thousands, fifth-place Bush rarely musters more than a couple hundred at any given stop.

At an event in Newton, Iowa, last week, Bush sounded almost incredulous at his position in the race.

“Who has the leadership skills to actually make the tough decisions to fix the things that aren’t working right now that are holding people back?” Bush said in front of the crowd of about 100. “And who has the ideas going forward that will allow us to rise up as a nation?”

“And finally,” he added, “who can beat Hillary Clinton for crying out loud?”

The crowd applauded. A few minutes later, an older gentlemen in the back nodded off.

[Is Jeb Bush ready to embrace his last name?]

No presidential candidate named Bush has been in this position before. George H.W. Bush lost his 1980 bid for president, but never slipped as low as Jeb Bush has. After an early setback in the 2000 New Hampshire primary, George W. Bush rebounded and cleared the GOP field.

It doesn’t show in the polls, but Bush has become a stronger campaigner — maintaining a grueling schedule of early morning coffee meet-and-greets, interviews with small-town television reporters and nighttime town halls and speeches. And he still has more money than the rest of the field, traveling in a packed SUV with a bodyguard, a personal aide, a press spokesperson and a campaign videographer. He seems more comfortable in his own skin.

But no matter how hard he tries, nothing has helped reverse his slide.

“We have had success raising money. I’ve had success connecting with crowds — you guys have been there, I’m not making this stuff up,” Bush told reporters last week in Iowa. “We’re garnering support at each and every event. I’m confident that we’re doing all the right things.”

Then he turned to the Democratic Party’s presidential front-runner, who is neck and neck with Bush in many polling matchups. “In spite of all the pundits saying the end is near, which is totally untrue, if you look at the head-to-head polls, where I’m head-to-head with Hillary Clinton, I beat her,” Bush said. “Gosh, it must not be as bad as you think.”

Regardless of how he might fare against Clinton, Bush has stalled at around fifth place among Republican primary voters, both in national and early state polls. He sits between the top-tier contenders — Trump, Ben Carson and Sens. Ted Cruz (R-Tex.) and Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) — and the rest of the pack, including New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, who is enjoying a resurgence in Bush’s must-win state of New Hampshire.

A Monmouth University poll of Iowa released Monday ranked Bush at 6 percent behind Cruz, Trump, Rubio and Carson. In New Hampshire, a Public Policy Polling survey released Friday gave Bush 5 percent — for eighth place. On the same day, a CNN/ORC poll of Republicans nationally gave Bush just 3 percent nationally — fifth place.

Bush supporters are hunkering down for a drawn-out nomination fight, hopeful that he will ultimately emerge as the party’s strongest White House contender.

“Sooner or later people are going to have to get rid of the fun and figure out who’s best to run the country,” said Sen. Orrin G. Hatch (R-Utah), one of Bush’s most prominent supporters. “And he has to be in there. He has to be there.”

Former Colorado governor Bill Owens, who is co-chairing Bush’s campaign in that state, said the candidate “has high name ID, an excellent record to run on and is well-funded.” He also said Bush’s recent emphasis on criticizing Clinton is a wise strategy.

“The Republican Party has nominated lots of candidates over the years who were great in the primary process but couldn’t win the general election,” he said. “For Jeb Bush, the only thing that matters is winning the general election.”

Charlie Pelton, 75, who heard Bush speak last week in Clinton, Iowa, said he appreciated the candidate’s increased focus on foreign affairs and national security. He conceded that “You don’t win elections in Iowa on foreign policy, generally, but that’s what our nation needs.”

Bush’s diminishment was visible at the Republican Jewish Coalition’s all-day candidate summit on Thursday, precisely the sort of forum where he might have been expected to dominate. Right to Rise USA, the super PAC supporting his bid, held a breakfast for interested donors, and Bush held a closed-door meet-and-greet.

In the main room, Bush earned a standing ovation when he took the stage and gave an energetic speech about his ability to “whup” Clinton. But numerous would-be donors sneaked out for a session with Christie.

Later that night, stuck in traffic because of the White House Christmas tree lighting, Bush jumped out of the vehicle and walked to a fundraiser in Dupont Circle. When he arrived, Bush greeted guests who gave at least $1,000 to attend the fundraiser at the home of former Bush administration official C. Boyden Gray. At another fundraiser at a Georgetown bar, Bush snacked on hummus with young professionals, Capitol Hill staffers and students. Tickets ranged from $50 to $2,700.

Donors, who request anonymity to speak frankly about the state of the campaign, are mixed on what could come next.

“This is always the [fundraising] quarter to pick your guy and hunker down,” said a donor who attended a meeting of Bush’s top donors in Miami over the weekend. “We know it’s a rough patch.”

Another emerged from the Miami meeting to say he’s “reenergized” and confident that Bush and his team are “the whole package.”

But a donor who attended the fundraiser at the Georgetown bar said that many supporters are struggling to accept Bush’s troubles. So how are they coping?

The same day Bush visited Washington, his older brother, George W. Bush, reunited with members of his administration at the U.S. Capitol for the unveiling of a bust of vice president Richard B. Cheney.

“The last time I was in Washington, I was hanged in the White House,” the former president joked, a reference to the unveiling of his official portrait. “This time, I’ve returned to find my vice president getting busted in the Capitol.”

He said that his father had asked his son to “Send my best regards to Old Iron Ass” — a nickname of endearment the elder Bush once bestowed on Cheney.

There was no reference to Jeb.

Matea Gold, Dave Weigel and Scott Clement contributed to this report.",1
1720,7 takeaways from the first Democratic debate,"Killing Obama administration rules, dismantling Obamacare and pushing through tax reform are on the early to-do list.",1
1618,Donald Trump: 'I want surveillance of certain mosques',"(CNN) Donald Trump is ratcheting up his rhetoric about American Muslims, saying there's precedent for monitoring some mosques amid the recent terror wave.

At a Birmingham, Alabama, rally on Saturday -- which included a physical altercation between a black protester and several white Trump backers -- the 2016 Republican front-runner suggested law enforcement keep an eye on certain Islamic houses of worship which, in his view, could pose terrorist threats.

""I want surveillance of certain mosques if that's OK,"" Trump told the often-raucous and approving crowd. ""We've had it before.""

The remarks echo a call Trump made earlier in the week, when he said on MSNBC he'd ""strongly consider"" shutting down mosques in the U.S.

The billionaire businessman also linked current terrorist concerns, after the Paris carnage and other attacks, with 9/11.

""I watched the World Trade Center go down,"" Trump asserted, adding he watched in New Jersey, ""as thousands of people were cheering as the building was coming down.""

Trump then denounced calls to resettle Syrian refuges on U.S. soil, which his Republican rivals for the nomination also oppose.

""I want surveillance. I will absolutely take (a) database on the people coming in from Syria. ""If we can't stop it -- but we are going to if I win -- they're going back.""

Several attendees at the rally punched and kicked a protester who tried to disrupt Trump's speech.

At least a half-dozen attendees shoved and tackled the protester, a black man, to the ground as he refused to leave the event. At least one man punched the protester and a woman kicked him while he was on the ground.

All of the attendees who were involved in the physical altercation with the protester were white.

The protester appeared to be shouting ""black lives matter"" and later removed his sweatshirt to reveal a shirt with those words.

At least one attendee shouted ""all lives matter"" as the protester was eventually led out by police officers on the scene.

Birmingham Police Lt. Sean Edwards told CNN that three people were asked to leave the event following the scuffle. No arrests were made, and the protester did not require medical attention.

Campaign spokeswoman Hope Hicks told CNN that ""the campaign does not condone this behavior.""

Trump has fended off criticism recently that he was accused of backing a U.S. database on all Muslims in the country. Trump has denied making that remark but hasn't dismissed the idea out-of-hand.

The database controversy began Thursday when Trump told Yahoo News that he would create new anti-terrorism measures if he's elected.

""We're going to have to do things that we never did before. And some people are going to be upset about it, but I think that now everybody is feeling that security is going to rule,"" he told Yahoo News. ""And certain things will be done that we never thought would happen in this country in terms of information and learning about the enemy. And so we're going to have to do certain things that were frankly unthinkable a year ago.""

The Yahoo reporter asked about the possibility of a database for Muslims or ""a form of special identification that noted their religion."" Trump did not say no to either idea. Then, after an Iowa campaign event later that day, an NBC reporter asked Trump if he favored a database to track Muslims in the country. Trump responded in a way some took as backing that idea.

At Saturday's rally in Alabama, Trump said he decided not to answer once he heard the reporter identified as being with NBC News.",1
2244,Ky. clerk’s attorney: New marriage licenses ‘not worth the paper they’re written on’,"MOREHEAD, Ky. – An attorney for jailed Rowan County Clerk Kim Davis said Friday that the marriage licenses issued by her deputies to several same-sex couples are invalid.

“They are not worth the paper they’re written on,” Mat Staver said outside the Carter County Detention Center, where Davis is being held on a contempt charge.

Speaking at an afternoon news conference in Grayson, about 35 miles from the Rowan County Courthouse, Staver said: “Our position and the position of the clerk of Rowan County is that those licenses are void.”

The licenses issued to same-sex couples Friday aren’t valid, Staver argued, because they were issued under the county clerk’s authority — but Davis hasn’t granted that authority.

The marriage forms issued Friday did not bear Davis’s name because of her refusal to endorse them. Instead, the clerk’s office included a space for a deputy clerk to sign his or her name.

U.S. District Judge David L. Bunning sent Davis to jail and ordered the deputy clerks to issue licenses in her absence. A representative for Bunning could not be reached for comment Friday.

As the Lexington Herald-Leader noted, Rowan County Attorney Cecil Watkins has previously said deputy clerks don’t need Davis’s approval to issue valid marriage licenses. Reached at his office Friday, Watkins declined to comment.

In other Kentucky counties, marriage licenses are routinely signed by a deputy, even though the clerk’s name appears on the form.

[‘He has guts': David Bunning, the same-sex marriage decision’s unlikely enforcer]

Staver’s remarks came more than seven hours after the opening of the Rowan County Courthouse, where Brian Mason was waiting behind a sign reading: “Marriage License Deputy.”

James Yates and William Smith Jr. entered the media-filled courthouse, hand-in-hand, and began the process of applying for a marriage license. Again.

They had been rejected five times previously, as Davis refused to issue marriage licenses to any couples since the Supreme Court declared in June that gay couples had a constitutional right to wed.

By 8:15 a.m., Yates and Smith had finally obtained the elusive $35 license.

Mason, the deputy clerk, congratulated the couple and shook their hands.

As the couple exited the courthouse, same-sex marriage supporters erupted in cheers, chanting: “Love won! Love won!”

Yates and Smith said they now had to set a wedding date. Then, they walked hand-in-hand to their car, followed by cameras and boom mikes.

They were later followed by Tim and Mike Long, a couple who had obtained a name change years ago. There were cheers for the pair when they walked outside, and a woman they didn’t know, who had traveled from Louisville, gave them flowers.

April Miller and Karen Roberts weren’t at the courthouse when it opened Friday. Miller had a morning class to teach at Morehead State; Roberts had a migraine. But Miller and Roberts, who were among the couples who filed suit after Davis denied marriage licenses, arrived later in the day, picked up their license and told reporters about their ceremony plans.

“I don’t want to be a hero — just a woman who got her marriage license,” Roberts said.

One day earlier, Davis was sent to jail by Bunning, who also ordered five of the six deputy clerks in the county to begin issuing marriage licenses to all couples. The deputies agreed, under oath. The exception was Kim Davis’s son, deputy clerk Nathan Davis.

Bunning, a federal judge, ordered the 49-year-old clerk to be taken into custody for refusing in the face of multiple court orders to begin issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples. Staver said she is expected to remain in the facility until at least Tuesday.

“I feel sorry that she’s there, but she done it to herself,” Tim Long said.

Davis’s attorneys plan to appeal a federal judge’s contempt order before the end the end of Friday, and pursue writ of habeas corpus to have her released from the jail. “We will not allow her to continually sit here and have her constitutional rights violated or trampled,” Staver said.

[Kim Davis ordered to jail for refusing to issue gay marriage licenses]

Davis, an Apostolic Christian, has said repeatedly that she could not issue such marriage licenses because of her religious beliefs. Pressure on Davis intensified after the Supreme Court on Monday decided not to grant her a reprieve.

“To issue a marriage license which conflicts with God’s definition of marriage, with my name affixed to the certificate, would violate my conscience,” Davis said in a statement Tuesday. “It is not a light issue for me. It is a Heaven or Hell decision.”

She consigned herself to jail Thursday, sparking a fresh round of legal wrangling and political calculation in the face of the most audacious display of defiance on the issue of same-sex marriage since the Supreme Court declared in June that gay couples had a constitutional right to wed.

“Personal opinions, including my own, are not relevant to today,” Bunning, a federal district judge, told Davis and the courtroom Thursday. “The idea of natural law superseding this court’s authority would be a dangerous precedent indeed.”

Davis’s husband, Joe, said that his wife would remain in jail “until our governor does something.” He told reporters in Morehead on Friday that Kim Davis would not resign from her position.

“David Bunning is a punk, a coward, and a bully — you tell David Bunning that Joe Davis said that,” he said.

Davis stayed overnight in a cell by herself, and has been reading scriptures from the Bible, Staver said. Her attorneys spoke to reporters Friday afternoon after a meeting with Davis in which she told them “all is well,” Staver said. “Kim Davis slept well last night. She slept with a very good conscience and she is in very good spirits.”

Staver — the founder and chairman of Liberty Counsel, the Christian legal organization representing Davis — said in an earlier statement Friday that Davis “joins a long list of people who were imprisoned for their conscience.”

“People who today we admire, like Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., Jan Huss, John Bunyan, Dietrich Bonhoeffer, and more,” Staver said in the statement. “Each had their own cause, but they all share the same resolve not to violate their conscience.

“We can only hope future generations look back on this moment with disgust at what happened and admiration for a woman who may be incarcerated but whose conscience remains free.”

Shortly after Staver finished addressing the media in Grayson, David Ermold and David Moore appeared at the Rowan County Courthouse to make yet another attempt at securing a marriage license.

Ermold and Moore have previously documented their efforts to secure a license in Rowan County, about an hour from Lexington. A video of a July attempt has more than 1,800,000 views on YouTube; another trip to the courthouse was recorded in mid-August.

Tuesday, they tried yet again.

After that attempt failed, Davis emerged from a back office to explain that she would not be issuing any licenses.

But on Friday, with Davis in jail, Ermold and Moore tried once more, then received their license, then stepped outside and cried.

Somashekhar, Larimer and Izadi reported from Washington. J. Freedom du Lac contributed to this report, which has been updated.",1
2648,The GOP case against Loretta Lynch falls apart,"Loretta Lynch had them at Jim Crow.

Senate Republicans had delayed confirmation hearings for President Obama’s attorney general nominee until they took control of Congress — giving them a chance to use the nomination to protest Obama’s immigration policy and other actions by Obama and the outgoing attorney general, Eric Holder.

But those who figured they could take out their frustrations on Lynch had misjudged her: The nominee has a long and impressive résumé as a no-nonsense prosecutor, and she managed at Wednesday’s hearing to be both assertive and anodyne in her testimony, expert in the law but opaque about controversial legal matters. As important, Lynch, with the help of committee Democrats, painted an unassailable biography: This daughter of a fourth-generation minister and a segregation-fighting mother from the South would be the first African American woman to be the nation’s top law enforcement official.

The case against Lynch deflated faster than if the New England Patriots had run the hearing.

Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa) toned down his prepared statement as he read it. “I, for one, need to be persuaded that she will be an independent attorney general,” he read, but he then departed from the text and added, “I have no reason to believe at this point she won’t be.” He read a long list of complaints about the administration’s actions but then ad-libbed, “As far as I know, Ms. Lynch has nothing to do with the Department of Justice problems that I just outlined.”

The panel’s new Republican leadership was already on thin ice over its decision to remove the phrase “civil rights and human rights” from the name of its subcommittee on the Constitution. The atmosphere in the room surely had to make the members of the all-white committee think twice before turning Lynch into a punching bag for their disagreements with Obama and Holder. More than half of those in the public seats were black, and 40 of them wore red — the color of Delta Sigma Theta, Lynch’s predominantly black sorority.

Lynch, all of 5 feet tall, planted her spiked heels firmly on the floor in front of her and leaned her forearms on the witness table as she made her case. She described her mother as a “courageous young teacher who refused to let Jim Crow define her” and who “refused to use segregated restrooms, because they did not represent the America in which she believed.” In North Carolina, she said, her father “opened his Greensboro church to those planning sit-ins and marches, standing with them while carrying me on his shoulders.”

Democrats formed a chorus to repeat the message. “She grew up hearing her family speak about living in the Jim Crow South,” Sen. Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) said of the “historic” nominee. Said Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.), “Her mother picked cotton when she was a girl so her daughter would never have to.” (This line was rather more plausible than Schumer’s jest that Lynch has a reputation for “avoiding the spotlight, just like me.”)

Sen. Dick Durbin (D-Ill.) described her as “witness to a moment in history” because of her father’s civil rights work, and Sen. Amy Klobuchar (D-Minn.) told the story of how Lynch’s school named a second valedictorian because it was thought having Lynch as sole valedictorian would be “too controversial.”

Even if Republicans had the appetite to challenge a nominee with such a life story, her lawyerly demurrals made it impossible for them to land a blow. Several times, Republican senators asked what she thought of an opinion from the Justice Department’s Office of Legal Counsel defending Obama’s executive actions on immigration. She replied over and over that she found the opinion “reasonable” and the overall policy legal, but she went no further.

She blended flattery — “I certainly think you raised an important point and would look forward to discussing it with you and relying upon your thoughts and experience,” she informed a skeptical Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-Ala.) — with reminders that she had nothing to do with policies Republicans found objectionable.

The performance was disarming. After Lynch assured Sen. Orrin Hatch (R-Utah) that she would take the attorney general’s independence “very seriously,” Hatch said that “you’ll be a great attorney general if you’ll do that.”

Even the dyspeptic Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Tex.) acknowledged that his legal friends in New York describe her as “a U.S. attorney who honored and respected the law.”

And freshman Sen. David Perdue (R-Ga.) positively gushed to Lynch about her “patience, perseverance, professionalism and . . . graciousness.”

Sen. John Cornyn (R-Tex.) summed up the demobilization of the anti-Lynch forces. “You’re not Eric Holder, are you?” he asked.

Read more from Dana Milbank’s archive, follow him on Twitter or subscribe to his updates on Facebook.",1
5139,Ruth Bader Ginsburg regrets 'ill-advised' remarks about Donald Trump,"The supreme court justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg executed a full U-turn on Thursday morning, over remarks about the presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump that ignited controversy on the eve of the GOP convention.



Her remarks about Trump were “ill-advised”, she said, adding: “I regret making them.”

In an interview with the New York Times last week, Ginsburg said she could not “imagine what the country would be with Donald Trump as our president” and suggested her late husband would have taken such a scenario as a reason to emigrate – as far away as New Zealand.

Ginsburg, 83, was the first supreme court justice in decades to comment publicly on a candidate in the middle of the presidential campaign.

Her comments sparked indignation, dismay and accusations that she had violated judicial ethics. Trump called for her to resign.

Despite this, Ginsburg doubled down, calling Trump a faker and telling CNN in an interview published on Tuesday: “He really has an ego.”

By Thursday, she appeared to have considered her words and their implications more deeply. In a statement, she said: “On reflection, my recent remarks in response to press inquiries were ill-advised and I regret making them.

“Judges should avoid commenting on a candidate for public office. In the future I will be more circumspect.”

Supreme court justices are expected to adhere to a code of conduct issued for US judges, which stipulates that they refrain from publicly endorsing or opposing any candidate for public office. They are not officially bound by the code but generally agree to follow it.

Ginsburg’s comments were not only rare but also particularly colorful for someone in her position. She has however gained something of a celebrity aura in recent years, with liberal supporters using the affectionate moniker “Notorious RBG”, echoing the nickname “Notorious BIG”, which was given to the late rapper Biggie Smalls.

Earlier this week, the White House spokesman, Josh Earnest, commented that Ginsburg, who is currently writing a book called My Own Words, did not become known as the Notorious RBG “for nothing”.

Although she has long been known as a member of the liberal wing of the court, Ginsburg’s frank and blatantly political and personal comments about Trump appeared to come out of the blue.



On Monday, she told CNN that she had first thought Trump’s candidacy was “funny”. As he was about to become the GOP nominee, though, she slammed him in personal terms, saying: “He has no consistency about him. He says whatever comes into his head at the moment.”

Trump told the New York Times her comments were “highly inappropriate” and “beneath the bench” and that she had let her fellow justices down.

The Times and the Washington Post have both published editorials agreeing with Trump.",1
796,"Dead heat: Trump, Clinton tied in 3 swing-state polls","The election in 232 photos, 43 numbers and 131 quotes, from the two candidates at the center of it all.",1
4560,Russia’s Syria intervention may force choice on Obama: Act or yield,"Russia’s military moves in Syria are fundamentally changing the face of the country’s civil war, putting President Bashar al-Assad back on his feet, and may complicate the Obama administration’s plans to expand its air operations against the Islamic State.

So far, the administration has not budged in its twofold strategy — direct airstrikes against the Islamic State and significant aid for those fighting against it, and a push for negotiations to end what has been the largely separate Syrian civil war.

Senior administration officials acknowledge that Russia has already made some tactical gains in the civil war, even as they insist President Vladi­mir Putin will ultimately pay for what they describe as a strategic blunder that will undercut his already tenuous reputation in the world and encourage the spread of the militants.

If Putin’s goal was “to get attention,” one senior official said, “then it was brilliant. . . . If it was to end the fighting in Syria, that’s where we think it’s a strategic error.” At the same time, the official said, “Russia is now going to be viewed as being anti-Sunni . . . attracting the ire of extremist groups,” including the Islamic State.

But others within the administration, and many outside experts, are increasingly worried that if President Obama does not take decisive action — such as quickly moving to claim the airspace over northwestern Syria and the Turkish border, where Russian jets are already operating — it is the United States that will suffer significant damage to both its reputation and its foreign policy and counterterrorism goals.

Putin has said he does not intend to launch military ground operations in Syria, and senior administration officials said Wednesday that they see no evidence of any ground combat units there. But the Russian deployments include sophisticated electronics, some of them designed to jam aviation electronics. Other than Russia and the Syrian government, only the U.S.-led coalition against the Islamic State is flying planes in Syria.

The current internal administration debate is largely the same one that has kept the administration out of significant intervention in Syria’s civil war for the past four years. On one side, Russia’s involvement has strengthened the winning argument that the United States should avoid direct involvement in yet another Middle East conflict and should continue directing its resources toward countering forces such as the Islamic State that pose a direct threat to U.S. national security.

On the other side, the argument is that it makes no strategic sense for the United States to concede Russian dominance of the situation: If Russia succeeds in keeping Assad in power, the problems in the West caused by both the Syrian war and militant expansion will only get worse.

Putin’s strategy is that “you accept our terms” on Assad “and then we step back and let you solve your own problems” in Syria, said Igor Sutyagin, a Russian-studies expert at London’s Royal United Services Institute. “If you don’t, we create a complete mess . . . increasing the influx of refugees into Europe, and your life gets more difficult.”

[WorldViews: Why Russia is in Syria]

The administration has said that the civil war can be solved only through negotiations and that there can be no solution that leaves Assad in power. Until the middle of last month, the opposition — a wide assortment of groups ranging from CIA-trained rebels to non-Islamic State extremists — appeared to be turning the tide against the Syrian military, taking territory in Idlib and Aleppo provinces in the northwest and on the southern front near the Jordanian border.

“The only viable future for a unified Syria is one that unites the moderate elements and what remains of the regime after Assad is pushed out,” a U.S. intelligence official said Wednesday. But “Russia’s actions have directly threatened that prospect.”

Recent efforts by the United Nations and others to organize new negotiations, beginning with localized cease-fires, have already begun to fall apart under Russian bombardment that is likely to change Assad’s calculus. Some see the Kremlin’s goal as maintaining Assad’s control over a rump Syrian state, in western population centers away from areas of Islamic State dominion, an objective that would also ensure Russia’s continued foothold in the Middle East.

“If [the possibility of negotiations] existed until one or two weeks ago, we definitely find ourselves today . . . in a completely different place,” said one international official who has long been involved in the effort. “We’ve been completely blown out of the water.”

A cease-fire reached with Iran and Hezbollah to allow aid and evacuation of civilians from Zabadani, west of Damascus near the Lebanese border, has now unraveled “because of Russian action,” the international official said. Although coordinates had been shared with Russia and plans were in place for U.N. officials to enter the area Saturday, it has been bombed three times, said the official, who like other U.S. and international officials spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss internal deliberations.

Russia has said that its purpose is to strike the Islamic State. But the vast majority of its targets have been in areas of opposition control in western Syria and are seen as paving the way for Assad’s forces to take territory lost to the rebels or never contested. The strategy is much the same as the one the administration has followed against the Islamic State in both Syria and Iraq, where air power is designed to weaken the militants and allow local forces to move in and hold ground.

Assad’s military, also backed by Russian and Iranian supplies and intelligence, and new influxes of Iranian and Hezbollah fighters, appear to stand a good chance of regaining the initiative against the Syrian rebels, many of whom say they fear they are being abandoned by the United States.

“The growing involvement of Russia in the Syrian conflict is likely to lead to even greater civilian displacement and further complicates delivery of lifesaving humanitarian assistance,” Mercy Corps said in a statement Wednesday.

“People are increasingly moving closer to the border with Turkey so they can cross if things get too bad,” said Michael Bowers, vice president of the aid organization.

An alternative nightmare scenario has already begun to play out, as CIA-armed rebels have begun fighting against Syrian troops moving into Russian-bombed areas, part of the U.S.-Russia “proxy war” that Obama has vowed to avoid.

As rebel forces reposition themselves farther south in Idlib and Hama provinces, the Islamic State is likely to gain a stronger foothold in the northwest region along the Turkish border to the north of Aleppo, Syria’s second-largest city.

That region has been under discussion between the United States and Turkey as a possible protected area where rebels can regroup and refugees can gather. Last week, Obama approved “shaping operations,” including some airstrikes, to prepare for a proposed major increase in anti-Islamic State airstrikes by U.S. and coalition planes flying from Turkish bases.

But Russian operations in the area may complicate those plans and push the administration toward a decision to confront Moscow — one that it has so far not wanted to make. Turkey, and NATO, have already warned Russia after at least two incursions of Turkish airspace.

“They are sending planes and messages to Turkey and NATO,” said Sutyagin, once a military policy expert for the Russian government. The message, he said, is that “this area, where you want to establish safe zones . . . is not safe because we are approaching there, entering your airspace, and there might be clashes.”

Greg Miller and Thomas Gibbons-Neff contributed to this report.",1
2738,Ted Cruz launches bid; Some pundits paint him as scary extremist,"Before he got to repealing ObamaCare, before he got to dumping Common Core, before he got to abolishing the IRS, Ted Cruz talked about Jesus.

In kicking off his presidential campaign Monday at Liberty University, Cruz began with his father, a Cuban immigrant who washed dishes in Texas for 50 cents an hour, who drank too much along with his wife, who left home when Ted was 3 but came back because “God transformed his heart … Were it not for the transformative love of Jesus Christ, I would have been raised by a single mom.”

That introduction, part of a passionate speech delivered without notes in Lynchburg, Va., helps explain why many in the mainstream media don’t quite know what to make of the Texas senator — or view him as a fringe figure.

On the “Today” show, Kelly O’Donnell said “he’s 44, only been on the national scene a couple of years.” MSNBC’s Jonathan Alter, while not counting him out, also said “he’s only been in the Senate for two years.”

Perhaps they had forgotten that Barack Obama was 45 and had spent just two years in the Senate when he kicked off his presidential candidacy?

Cruz is a hero to the Tea Party right, and his speech hit many of its themes: against same-sex marriage, protecting the right to bear arms, reclaiming the Constitution. But the very things that make him popular could, in the media’s telling, be campaign obstacles.

“Cruz's down-the-line appeal to the GOP base may prove to be his calling card in the primary battle to come, but it's also led him to pick fights with the party brass that could ultimately undermine his candidacy. His ability to raise money, secure endorsements, and build the kind of infrastructure necessary to win a national primary may be hampered by his lack of support among the establishment. And his ideological rigidity has sown doubts among some Republicans about how competitive Cruz would be in a general election.”

In the two-minute NBC report, there were sound bites of Cruz reading “Green Eggs and Ham” (from his 21-hour filibuster that preceded the government shutdown) and warning “the world is on fire” (prompting a question from a 3-year-old girl).

I wrote last week that the many in the MSM went way overboard in using that incident to portray Cruz as a frightening figure, despite the fact that the girl’s mother said she wasn’t scared at all.

Look at how the Huffington Post frames its setup piece for the Cruz kickoff:

“Much of the rest of the country (including Republican leaders in Congress) viewed Cruz as a vaguely scary renegade, and the GOP establishment’s official grumpy grandpa, Sen. John McCain (Ariz.), dismissed him as a ‘wacko bird.’

""But the Young Americans for Liberty loved his loathing of the party elders, and his determination to shove a stick between the spokes of the System …

“Uncorked anger doesn’t usually win presidential nominations, let alone presidencies. People want hope and uplift in the White House and not just expressions of outrage. The president is the person who is supposed to make things work. To some, the 44-year-old Cruz gives off a vaguely scary aura of cheerful menace.”

Uncorked anger. Cheerful menace. You might get the impression that HuffPost just doesn’t like the guy.

And this happens to reflect the line of the Democratic Party, which in an email calls Cruz, in bold letters, “really, really scary.”

Politico also emphasizes the theme that Cruz ticks people off:

“His own colleagues in Washington have frequently been disdainful of Cruz since he helped instigate the 2013 government shutdown. And his hardline views and uncompromising style have disqualified him even in the eyes of more conservative elements of the political class who are concerned about electability.

“But Cruz is embracing that outsider status, just as he did in Texas, where in 2012 he beat out the presumed Republican Senate nominee, former Lt. Gov. David Dewhurst, and became a hero to that conservative state’s tea party.”

The Washington Post says this is one of five things you need to know about the senator:

“Cruz's often tells the story of his father, Rafael -- also the senator's given name -- leaving Cuba as a young man with $100 sewn into his underwear. Rafael Cruz, an evangelical pastor, has a history of making headline-grabbing statements. They include telling an audience that President Obama should be sent ‘back to Kenya,’ asserting that the Bible ‘tells you exactly who to vote for.’”

So his dad’s an issue too.

Slate says that Cruz spouts “bizarre nonsense” on climate change:

“In case you haven’t heard, Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) is not a fan of reality.

“The reality of science, that is. He has a history of saying global warming–denying talking points and used some of his political power just this past week to pressure NASA into downplaying its role in measuring the effects of global warming on the planet.”

Just for good measure, ""Morning Joe"" panelist Donny Deutsch likened Cruz to Sarah Palin.

My take is that the mainstream media always gravitate toward establishment candidates, in part because these politicians excel at fundraising and endorsements, which journalists highly value. That’s why the media consistently underestimate such insurgent candidates as Mike Huckabee and Rick Santorum before they catch fire.

But recent history suggests that the establishment Republican prevails in the end: Mitt Romney, John McCain, George W. Bush, Bob Dole. The question for 2016, up against Hillary, is whether this time could be different.

How about a conservative view? Here’s Allahpundit on Hot Air:

“The problem with finding a path for Cruz next year, though, is that as the field narrows and losers drop out, the primaries inevitability become a referendum on electability and acceptability. I can see Walker stumbling; I can see Jeb flaming out from voters’ Bush fatigue; I can see Paul stuck at 20 percent, unable to add to his libertarian base; and I can see Rubio never quite contending because he can’t scrape the votes he needs from the center and right. What I can’t see is all of those things happening, and realistically, they’d all have to happen to make Cruz the nominee.”

It’s a crowded field, to be sure. The thing that brought Cruz national fame was the filibuster and his leading role in the 2013 shutdown. To his supporters, Cruz was fighting for conservative principles against ObamaCare. To his critics, Cruz was pursuing a kamikaze strategy that could never have succeeded because the Democrats controlled the White House and the Senate.

The coming campaign will be a test of whether Cruz can break out beyond his evangelical base. But it will also be a test of the media establishment that views him mainly as a bomb-thrower.

Howard Kurtz is a Fox News analyst and the host of ""MediaBuzz"" (Sundays 11 a.m. and 5 p.m. ET). He is the author of five books and is based in Washington. Follow him at @HowardKurtz. Click here for more information on Howard Kurtz.",1
3109,Pope Francis at 9/11 memorial: 'We can never forget them',"New York (CNN) He calls his church a field hospital for the spiritually wounded. And on Friday, Pope Francis spoke to hundreds who are still trying to heal.

Praying with families of victims of the September 11 attacks at a ground zero memorial and speaking at an interfaith service, Francis offered a message of hope at a place of horror.

""The name of so many loved ones are written around the towers' footprints. We can see them, we can touch them, and we can never forget them,"" Francis said.

""Here, amid pain and grief, we also have a palpable sense of the heroic goodness which people are capable of. ... Hands reached out, lives were given.

""This place of death became a place of life, too, a place of saved lives, a hymn to the triumph of life over the prophets of destruction and death, to goodness over evil, to reconciliation and unity over hatred and division,"" Francis said.

His visit to the National September 11 Memorial & Museum was billed as a moment to pause and reflect in a day packed with large events in the public eye.

But even there, it was far from quiet.

'This really is the beginning'

At a place that's often the site of somber memorials, the arrival of Pope Francis brought a chorus of cheers and chants.

Outside the National September 11 Memorial & Museum, about 1,000 family members of victims of the 2001 terror attack greeted the Pope.

Standing steps away from where their relatives perished, they lined up along guard railings to catch a glimpse of Francis.

Some got the chance to talk with him one-on-one. Others watched from behind barriers, trying to catch his attention.

A man shouted: ""Francisco! Our whole family's here! A blessing, please!""

It wasn't long before the crowd joined him: ""Our blessing, please! Francisco! Francisco! Francisco!""

Nixia Mena-Alexis held a bouquet of yellow roses in one hand and wore a photograph of her sister pinned to her shirt.

The flowers, she said, symbolize the Catholic Church -- and hope. She said she hoped to give some to the Pope and place some beside her sister's name -- one of thousands surrounding the reflecting pools at the memorial.

Diarelia Mena worked in IT for Cantor Fitzgerald. She had just turned 30 and had a 2-year-old daughter when she was killed on September 11.

""She was full of life and her laughter was contagious,"" her sister said as her eyes filled with tears.

The lifelong Catholic said coming here fills her with a mix of emotions. But Mena-Alexis knew she wanted to be here when the Pope came.

""To me, he symbolizes peace, and that's part of what we're striving for after what happened here,"" she said. ""This is sacred ground, so I wanted to be present when he came.""

Jean Colaio, 50, lost her two brothers on 9/11. Both worked at Cantor Fitzgerald.

Being in the Pope's presence, she said, will help heal her family.

""We were here on that day and witnessed everything and evacuated. We had our horrible experience here,"" Colaio said. ""And this really is the beginning. We've been working on our healing. But I think this really has propelled it.

""I feel close and connected to my brothers because he's here.""

Marjorie Kane, whose father was killed on 9/11, said she felt differently after seeing the Pope than she ever had at the site.

""It's honestly the first time I can recall being on this ground and feeling this peace and calm,"" she said. ""I'm usually full of such sorrow and such sadness coming here.""

It wasn't just Catholics who said they were inspired by the Pope's message.

Dr. Gunisha Kaur, who offered a Sikh prayer onstage at the ceremony, is pregnant and asked the Pope to bless her baby.

Onstage, before the crowd, he placed his hand on her belly.

""That is the power of this pope, that he means something to all religions,"" her husband, Simran Jeet Singh, said after the service.

Kaur said she was moved by Francis -- and all the faiths that were part of the program.

""During prayers that were in languages that I don't know, I I found myself singing along,"" she said. ""It really felt like we were all there praying together.""",1
4383,Fights Over 'Religious Freedom' And Gay Rights Are Costing Republicans,"Fights Over 'Religious Freedom' And Gay Rights Are Costing Republicans

Following a firestorm of criticism, Republican governors in Indiana and Arkansas signed revised versions of their states' Religious Freedom Restoration bills Thursday night. In Indiana the language was adjusted, and in Arkansas it was significantly scaled back to more closely align with the federal law.

National Republicans, especially the ones running for president, have to hope it's enough to get them out of the hole they dug themselves on religious freedom and gay rights. It's worth taking a look at what the whole brouhaha has cost the GOP.

In the spirit of Passover, here are four questions about what this issue means for the GOP:

It's possible that Republicans' big electoral victories in November blinded them to just how controversial this would be. Gov. Asa Hutchison, R-Ark., and Gov. Mike Pence, R-Ind., seemed genuinely taken aback by the demand for boycotts and the backlash from big corporations like Eli Lilly, WalMart and Apple, as well as the NCAA.

It's as if Republicans — particularly in the deep-red states of Arkansas and Indiana — operate according to a different political calculus, insulated from the divide between their own conservative constituents and changing national opinion. Because of redistricting and the phenomenon of a midterm electorate that leans a lot more Republican than a presidential-year electorate, there are now many more GOP governors and many more conservative majorities in state legislatures. And those majorities are moving forward with an agenda that satisfies their base of social conservatives but is seen as intolerant and divisive by the business community and a growing majority of voters in the country. This week, those two opposing dynamics reignited the culture war, with Republican politicians as the first casualties.

2) Is this about more than just religious freedom?

Yes! It's about a much bigger, much more fundamental problem for the GOP. A new Pew poll showed that 61 percent of young Republicans favor gay marriage. Hutchinson said his own son signed a petition asking him to veto the bill that he instead sent back to the Legislature for revision.

The Republicans can't appeal to young voters if they're on the wrong side of gay marriage, because gay rights is a symbol of tolerance for so many young voters — not to mention suburban women. The same is true for one of the fastest-growing parts of the electorate — Hispanics. How do Republicans show Hispanics that they are welcoming and inclusive if they oppose a path to legalization for hard-working immigrants here illegally?

The views of the GOP's white, older, conservative primary electorate are farther away from the center of American public opinion than the Democratic base is right now. That's the challenge for the GOP — it needs to project an image of tolerance in order to win the White House while at the same time satisfying its conservative base, which, in this case, wants Christian florists, bakers and photographers to have the right to refuse services to gay weddings. It will take a very talented candidate to square that circle.

3) OK, so how will Republican candidates resolve this larger tension?

Good question! The debates during the primaries will, presumably, reveal the answer.

Of all the GOP presidential hopefuls, Jeb Bush has given this the most thought. He seems determined not to fall into the trap that Mitt Romney did in 2012 — moving so far to the right during the GOP primaries (remember ""self deportation""?) that he couldn't make it back to the center to win the general election.

Bush has said his strategy is to run as if he's willing ""to lose the primary in order to win the general.""

4) How's that working out for Jeb Bush so far?

Not so great. All the leading Republican presidential hopefuls, including Bush, came out in favor of the Arkansas and Indiana bills. By Wednesday, though, Bush was backtracking, insisting that religious freedom is a core value but that we also shouldn't discriminate based on sexual orientation.

Bush didn't explain how he would balance those two values, only that he was sure Indiana would ""get to that place.""

So, for Bush, the ""lose the primary"" strategy sometimes means sticking to his principles in opposition to the GOP base (as he has on immigration reform and Common Core education standards) but sometimes, on issues like religious freedom, he seems to fuzz it up.

Meanwhile, Sen. Ted Cruz, R-Texas, has no doubts about what side he's on. In Iowa on Wednesday, Cruz blasted the ""big business"" wing of the GOP, saying they are ""running shamelessly to endorse the radical, gay marriage agenda over religious liberty. """,1
320,Prison sentences are getting shorter. But racial disparities are getting worse.,"There's good news and bad news about sentences in federal prison. The good news: Prison sentences are getting shorter. The bad news: Black defendants are still getting longer sentences than white ones for the same crimes — and the racial gap is actually growing.

That's the conclusion of a new study conducted for the Bureau of Justice Statistics, based on data from 2005 — after a Supreme Court decision gave judges more flexibility in sentencing — through 2012. But it's certainly not the first study to find that even when the criminal justice system as a whole is getting more lenient, that leniency varies depending on the race of the defendant. And it's a big challenge for criminal justice reformers — who end up caught in a terrible double bind.

After someone's convicted of a crime in federal court, the judge determines a prison sentence by consulting a set of federal guidelines. The guidelines consider a bunch of factors related to the defendant's criminal history and the seriousness of the crime, plug them into some complicated calculations, and spit out a recommended range for the prison sentence to fall into.

This study looked at how judges responded to those recommendations. What they found was not great. For pretty much every type of crime, white offenders who get a certain recommended sentence (under the guidelines) end up getting a shorter sentence than black offenders who get the same recommendation. And the difference between white and black sentences has grown since 2005.

How big the disparity is depends on the type of crime and how severe it is. For a relatively minor drug offense that doesn't involve weapons — something where the recommended sentence might be around two and a half years — a black man and a white man would actually get around the same sentence in 2005. In 2012, the black man would be sentenced to about two months longer than the white man would.

For a relatively minor crime that doesn't involve drugs but does involve weapons — something where the recommended sentence might be a little over four years — a black man would have gotten about five months longer in prison than a white man in 2005. In 2012, the black man would get a sentence over a year and a half longer than his white counterpart.

The sentencing guidelines, like the name says, are supposed to be guidelines. But for decades, most judges followed them as rules, and rarely (if ever) gave out sentences that were higher or lower than the guidebook recommended. In 2005, the Supreme Court clarified that judges really could go above or below the recommended sentence if they thought it was appropriate for the case. (A second decision, at the end of 2007, clarified that judges were supposed to calculate the sentencing range recommended by the guidelines, but could then decide whether to follow it or not.) That's why this study's time period matters: It's looking at the era in which judges have had more power in sentencing.

It's become incredibly common for judges to hand out shorter prison sentences than the guidelines recommend. Over the summer of 2015, judges actually handed out ""below-guideline"" sentences in a majority of all cases (50.6 percent); they handed out ""above-guideline"" sentences only 2.6 percent of the time.

When judges get to decide whether someone deserves to get a shorter sentence than the guidelines recommend, they might find some kinds of defendants more deserving than others — based on factors that happen to be racially skewed (like education or employment), or based on plain old implicit racial bias. It's hard to judge this just by looking at average sentence length for a given crime, just because there's so much variation in the recommended sentences for each crime. Two people can be convicted of robbery, but if one of them has a long criminal history and the other one was coerced into the robbery by an abusive boyfriend, federal policy says the second one should get a shorter sentence for it.

To actually calculate whether judges are using their discretion to favor white defendants more than black ones requires some serious statistical analysis. But other researchers who've done that analysis, just like the authors of the new study, have found that racial disparities have persisted.

Interestingly, the researchers found that prosecutors' behavior didn't appear to change much over this time. The difference was because judges had more power to use their discretion, and they appear to have exercised that discretion to help white defendants more than black ones.

The sad irony is that criminal justice observers have known this for a long time: The more that sentences are left up to a judge to determine, the more racial bias will come into play. This was a big criticism back in the 1960s and 1970s, when sentencing was so all over the place that a judge in California could sentence someone to a single day, or to years, for the same crime.

Reformers told legislators and governments that they needed to set clearer standards for how long a sentence should be for a given crime. One result was the development of the federal sentencing guidelines to begin with; another result was the use of mandatory minimum sentences that judges couldn't go below if they wanted to.

If you're familiar with mass incarceration, you know where this is going. Both of those policies have led to people going to prison for far longer than they used to, because stiff sentences were imposed across the board. And the length of sentences is one of the major factors in the explosion of America's prison population. That's why federal judges are beginning to move away from the guidelines, and why criminal justice reformers are calling for mandatory minimum sentences to be reformed or abolished.

This study (and other evidence that racial disparities in sentencing persist) shows reformers haven't escaped the terrible double bind they're in. Give the power in setting sentences to judges, and you choose a system where people who commit the same offense aren't treated the same way for it. Take that power away, and you choose a system where everyone is treated too harshly.

Of course, even when everyone is treated harshly by judges, black Americans end up suffering the most. That's because there's more to the criminal justice system than what happens in court; police decide whom to arrest, prosecutors decide whom to charge. Those factors feed black Americans into the system disproportionately, even before a judge lays eyes on them.

As depressing as this sounds, it also means the sentencing double bind doesn't have to be as much of a problem as it is. In a world where black people weren't overpoliced (and underpoliced), setting across-the-board sentences would actually improve equality.

On the other hand, if there weren't racial disparities in housing, employment and education that made it harder for black defendants to persuade a judge they could make something of themselves, judges might be just as likely to help black defendants as white ones. There's no right answer on sentencing, but that's because sentencing isn't the answer to begin with.",1
1319,US election: Hillary Clinton's problem with young women,"""There's a special place in hell for women who don't help each other,"" says former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright. The comment was supposed to help Hillary Clinton but it has also exposed her problem appealing to women voters.

An email has just popped into my inbox from Hillary Clinton, asking ""Are you by my side?"" Well of course I don't have a vote in this race, but it's a question she should be asking the young women who do. Because there she has problems. And they're serious. She may have left millions of cracks in the glass ceiling when she ran to become the first female US president eight years ago, but it hasn't shattered yet - and it might not do so in 2016.

I'm sure a lot of people outside the US will look at this and reach for one word - misogyny. And yes, in the bars and cafes, and on the bleachers at football games, trackside at a Nascar race, and in myriad other places where men gather to sweat and swear you will find - err, how can one put this - a slightly less than fully developed feminist perspective on having a woman president. But it is much more than that.

I was in Las Vegas a few months ago for the first Democratic debate at the Wynn hotel. So where better to go to find out who was going to win the political jackpot than on to the casino floor. This is what we call a vox pop. I think in the American media they are called man-on-the-street interviews. They give colour and texture to a piece. Ordinary voices, giving unfiltered opinions. Except when we did this set of vox pops and asked people (rather surreptitiously, because the security guards would have kicked us off the casino floor very quickly) what these men and women thought of Hillary Clinton, they spoke with one voice: they didn't like her and didn't trust her.

Now normally when you do these type of interviews you go back and edit them - and have a script line, something along the lines of ""some said this, and some said that"" and you play the divergent views. Except in Vegas they didn't. The random group of people I approached ALL loathed her

Ok so far, so anecdotal. Let's look at some actual figures. In the Iowa caucus last week, 84% of women under the age of 30 voted for the 74-year-old Bernie Sanders; just 14% for Hillary.

The projection for New Hampshire is even more striking. 92% of that age group say they will back Sanders. Among women aged 30-39 it is not a whole lot better. Just 11% say they are going to back Hillary.

The American people feel they have known Hillary intimately for a very long time. And with any longstanding relationship feelings get complicated. For better or worse some people never forgave her for sticking by Bill when he was embroiled in the whole Lewinsky scandal. If she was a proper feminist, she would have left him, goes the argument.

All of which would be explicable if it was an older cohort rejecting her, but it is predominantly young women who say they're not going to vote for her - and for whom the shenanigans of Bill are ancient history.

Some people hate her for being a Clinton. A lot of people - men and women alike - think that the Clintons have had a modus operandi that is uniquely theirs, and that no other US citizen would be able to get away with. If you were to focus group these people, the words that would get bandied around would be - entitled, arrogant, elitist, rich, takers of shortcuts, legally dodgy.

These concerns were highlighted by the email arrangements Mrs Clinton had while secretary of state. All her communications were going through a private server. Something that is now the subject of an FBI investigation. Others in high office may have done similar things, but it fed the narrative of Clinton exceptionalism. That they do things their way. It may not be fair, but politics is not fair.

Which leaves the Clinton campaign with difficult questions about why they are failing to win this demographic group, which early on in the campaign I bet her team would have had down as low-hanging fruit. Is it a post-feminist generation who feel that the gender of their next leader is irrelevant? Is it that they want something shiny and new - and yes, I know it's a stretch to describe the veteran Bernie Sanders as anything other than wrinkly, but he was an unknown quantity six months ago. Is it that people are yearning for change, and Sanders certainly offers that with his socialist prescription for America?

So what does she do about it? Well what she did this weekend was to go to Flint in Michigan where there is the mother and father of a public health scandal over the supply of clean water to a predominantly black and impoverished population. The African American constituency has always turned out for the Clintons - and when the protracted primary race turns to the Southern states, this is where she hopes she will be able to do Sanders most harm - and ultimately win.

But what you DON'T do is laugh uproariously with Madeline Albright when she's campaigning alongside you in New Hampshire and opines ""there's a special place in hell for women who don't help each other"".

Because that is like saying: ""You should vote for Hillary because she's a woman.""

Or worse: ""Any woman supporting Bernie is betraying the feminist cause.""

Telling the voters they're wrong is not a good look, and never ends happily.",1
4940,Neither Dictator nor King,"It was refreshing to moderate a ""town hall"" with the Libertarian presidential and vice presidential candidates last week because Govs. Gary Johnson and William Weld respect limits on presidential power.

Sunday, when Fox's Chris Wallace challenged Johnson's plan to replace the IRS with a consumption tax, Johnson pointed out that he's ""not getting elected dictator or king.""

Wallace suggested that means, ""Don't take my policies seriously because they won't get through.""

It means that Johnson understands that America is a constitutional republic and there are (and ought to be) checks on what presidents can do.

In response to Wallace's comment about Johnson not taking his promises seriously, Johnson said, ""Take them very seriously. Count on certainty that we're always going to support taxes going lower... being in business being easier, rules and regulations not getting worse.""

Clinton changes positions from year to year: praising trade deals, then condemning them; condemning gay marriage, then praising it—then scolding anyone who doesn't share her new position.

Trump changes positions even faster, sometimes day to day. After saying he'll deport millions of immigrants, now he says he won't if they pay taxes and fill out paperwork—roughly the same position Jeb Bush and Marco Rubio held when Trump trashed them.

Libertarians don't shift to fit the whims of the day, because we have core principles. One is: On most every issue, less government involvement is better.

""Government doesn't create jobs!"" said Johnson when a young woman asked what Johnson and Weld would ""do about jobs."" The Libertarians said jobs get created when government gets out of the way, imposing only a few clear and predictable rules.

While Trump makes vague promises about making government ""great"" and Clinton about making it ""fair,"" Johnson and Weld talk about getting rid of as much of it as they can.

""There are constitutional limits to that,"" said Johnson. ""But if you were to wave a magic wand, there are a number of departments that come up: Commerce, Housing and Urban Development, Education, Homeland Security.""

Unlike Trump and Clinton, Johnson specifies cuts—and he's willing to go after sacred cows such as defense spending: ""You can't balance the federal budget—something we're promising to do in the first 100 days—you can't do that without cutting military spending. ... The BRAC Commission, set up by the Pentagon, says that we've got to eliminate 20 percent of those bases, but that hasn't happened.""

""When the GIs returned from World War II, they had two sets of needs, education and health care,"" he says. ""Education was handled through the GI Bill, which was essentially a voucher system. You could go wherever you wanted, the most successful program in domestic political history of the 20th century. Health care was the ... opposite approach: command and control, one size fits all, the government is going to do this.""

The GI Bill vouchers allowed soldiers to enroll at a school they chose. But for health care, they must wait in long lines at government-run veterans hospitals, sometimes dying for lack of adequate care.

Applying these free-market lessons across a range of policies, Johnson and Weld would roll back the drug war, decrease our involvement in foreign wars and give individuals more control over how their Social Security funds are invested.

When an audience member suggested that voting for a third party is a ""wasted vote,"" Weld replied, ""We're fiscally responsible. We're socially inclusive and tolerant, (but) if you agree with us and you want to go waste your vote on Trump or Clinton, be our guest. We're Libertarians.""

Johnson and Weld don't promise they can get rid of the Washington leviathan overnight, but taking a few steps closer to liberty sounds like a good start to me. It's a lot better than the path the two major parties want us to take.",1
3842,Obama delivers emotional eulogy for Beau Biden,"Wilmington, Delaware (CNN) President Barack Obama eulogized Beau Biden Saturday as a good man of character, hailing the compassion and public service of his family in a moving funeral oration about the son of grief-stricken Vice President Joe Biden.

Obama said that the former Delaware Attorney General and Iraq War veteran who died a week ago from brain cancer was a fine man full of integrity who had refused to trade on his family name. He did his duty to his country and ""did not have a mean bone in his body,"" Obama told more than a thousand mourners at a Roman Catholic funeral Mass in Wilmington, Delaware.

""Beau Biden brought to his work a mighty heart, he brought to his family a mighty heart,"" Obama said in his eulogy, during which he appeared on the verge of being emotionally overcome several times as he praised Beau Biden as a model public official, father and son.

He said Beau Biden and the Biden family, with their culture of service and compassion, had endured tragedy in the past but not been defeated by it. They were the kind of people, Obama said, who, since the nation's founding, had ensured that merit, not birth or wealth, were most important.

""Families like the Bidens have made it so. People like Beau have made it so. He did in 46 years what most of us could not do in 146,"" Obama said. ""He left nothing in the tank. He was a man who led a life where the means were as important as the ends.""

""Beau Biden was an original. He was a good man, a man of character, a man who loved deeply and was loved in return,"" Obama added.

When he had concluded his eulogy, Obama stepped down from the pulpit of the St. Anthony of Padua Church, and folded Biden in his arms, placing a kiss on his vice president's cheek.

The President's comments, while memorializing Beau Biden, were also an extraordinary show of love and respect for his vice president from a man who is more known for keeping his emotions contained than revealing them in public.

""Joe, you are my brother, and I am grateful every day you have got such a big heart, and a big soul, and those broad shoulders. I could not admire you more,"" Obama said, looking directly at the vice president.

Obama said that Beau Biden's quality as a man was evidenced by his refusal to run for the Senate when the path was open for him to follow in his father's footsteps, because he had unfinished work in Delaware, where he made a name for himself by fighting to protect children who were victims of abuse. He was, Obama said, ""someone who cared, someone who charmed you and disarmed you and put you at ease.""

Earlier, Gen. Raymond Odierno, the Army chief of staff, posthumously awarded the Legion of Merit to Beau Biden, hailing him as a member of a brotherhood of soldiers who had ""deep moral and ethical roots.""

Odierno said he got to know Biden when he served in Iraq and said he had possessed a ""natural charisma that few people possess,"" adding that he fully expected him to serve as president of the United States one day.

""People willingly wanted to follow him, trusted his judgment and believed in him. Frankly, he was selfless to a fault,"" Odierno told mourners.

Joe Biden did not speak at the funeral, but looked on as his daughter Ashley and son Hunter eulogized their brother and paid tribute to his own role in leading the family. Ashley remembered how she had accompanied Beau Biden to chemotherapy treatments and Hunter told how he had held his brother's hand as he took his last breaths, whispering, ""I love you"" over and over.

Beau Biden's funeral cortege had arrived at the church heralded by a pipe band. The vice president, wearing dark glasses, and the rest of his family, all looking bereft, formed up behind the hearse. Biden occasionally whispered in the ear of Beau's widow, Hallie, and comforted his son's two children, Natalie and Hunter.

The casket, covered in an American flag, was carried gently into the church with full military honors, reflecting Beau's service as a captain in the Army National Guard in Iraq.

Saturday morning, Obama, first lady Michelle Obama, daughters Sasha and Malia and his mother-in-law, Marian Robinson, all dressed in black, left the White House, where the American flag stood at half-staff to honor Beau Biden.

The first person in line for the service arrived at 4:30 a.m., and by breakfast time, the line of mourners stretched around the block at the church.

Joe Biden's role as a grieving father is not without irony in itself. The vice president has become one of the most sought after eulogists in Washington as his painful personal history -- he lost his first wife and an infant daughter in a car crash in 1972 -- has made him especially compassionate to the tragedies of others.

Musicians performing at the event included Coldplay vocalist Chris Martin, who had heard through a family friend that Beau Biden liked his music and volunteered to attend the ceremony, a White House official said.

Other high profile mourners included Bill and Hillary Clinton, and a long list of high profile Washington figures, reflecting Joe Biden's near half century in politics, including Senate Republican Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and the Democratic leader in the House, Nancy Pelosi.

Sens. Harry Reid, Patrick Leahy and Joe Manchin were there, along with Delaware Democratic Sens. Chris Coons and Tom Carper and other senior members of the House and Obama's cabinet, the White House said.

Saturday's funeral followed two days of mourning and memorial events for Beau Biden, which has showcased the deep emotional anguish the vice president and his family are enduring following his death a week ago.

Some people waited five hours just to see the casket on Friday.",1
3151,Man burned by fajitas while praying can't sue Applebee's,"WESTAMPTON, N.J. — A man who leaned over a plate of sizzling fajitas to pray can't sue a Westampton restaurant because the dish burned him, an appellate court ruled Wednesday.

Hiram Jimenez sought damages from Applebee's Neighborhood Grill and Bar after a March 2010 incident at the chain's restaurant on Burlington-Mount Holly Road. But an appellate panel said Applebee's can't be held responsible because the hot food posed an ""open and obvious"" danger.

According to the ruling, Jimenez ordered fajitas that were placed in front of him in a ""sizzling skillet."" When he bowed his head ""close to the table,"" the ruling says, Jimenez heard ""a loud sizzling noise, followed by 'a pop noise' and then felt a burning sensation in his left eye and on his face.""

In an incident report prepared for Appelebee's, Jimenez said he was burned on his face, neck and arms after ""grease popped"" on the fajitas.

His lawsuit said a waitress did not warn Jimenez that the dish was hot. It argued Jimenez suffered ""serious and permanent"" injuries ""solely as a result of (Applebee's) negligence when he came in contact with a dangerous and hazardous condition, specifically, 'a plate of hot food'.""

A trial judge dismissed the suit, finding Applebee's — a California-based chain with more than 1,900 restaurants — was not required to warn Jimenez ""against a danger that is open and obvious.""

Jimenez appealed, but a two-judge panel came to the same conclusion.

It noted business owners are required to ""discover and eliminate dangerous conditions, to maintain the premises in safe condition and to avoid creating conditions that would render the premises unsafe.""

But it said the risk posed by the hot platter was ""self-evident."" Applebee's, the ruling said, ""had no duty to warn (Jimenez) that the food was sizzling hot and should be approached with due care.""

An attorney for Jimenez, Richard Wiener of Conshohocken, declined to comment. A lawyer for Applebee's could not be reached.",1
2826,Taliban Militants Attack Afghan Parliament In Kabul,"""Police say the attack began when a suicide bomber in a car detonated outside parliament's gates.

""Inside, lawmakers were meeting to confirm the appointment of a new defense minster. TV pictures showed the speaker sitting calmly as a cloud of dust from the blast fills the room.

""A prolonged fire-fight then followed which police say ended when the security forces killed the six Taliban attackers. There's been a surge of Taliban attacks since last year's withdrawal of most U.S. and foreign forces.

""The Taliban will see today's attack as a propaganda coup — as it's against a major government power center in the heart of the capital. The attack is raising questions about how this security lapse could happen and about the overall ability of Afghan forces to combat the militants.""",1
3232,Polls show GOP presidential primary fight wide open,"Their leads, however, are all within the margin of error, indicating a tight race in the three key early nominating states.

In New Hampshire, Bush leads the pack with 18 percent support among potential Republican primary voters. Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker takes 15%, Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul takes 14% and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie draws 13% support.

Huckabee takes 17% support from potential GOP caucus-goers in Iowa, barely edging Bush, who nabs 16% support. Walker again draws the support of 15% of respondents, while Christie takes 9% and Paul draws 7%.

In South Carolina, Graham draws 17% support, while Bush takes 15% and Walker takes 12% support. Huckabee and neurosurgeon Ben Carson tie with 10% of respondents. The surveys, though early in the nominating contest, may be most troubling for Bush. They suggest despite being well-known as the son and brother of two former presidents, and though he's emerged as the preferred candidate of the GOP establishment, Bush hasn't yet convinced the party's primary voters to get on board. The South Carolina results, too, suggest even Graham's constituents are lukewarm about his presidential aspirations. On the Democratic side, the contest looks far more settled — former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton leads the field by 45% or more in all three states. NBC and Marist did not poll the preferred candidate of progressives, Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren, because she's repeatedly said she won't run. The New Hampshire survey was conducted from Feb. 3-10 among 381 potential GOP primary voters and has a margin of error of 5%; the Iowa survey was conducted over the same period, among 320 potential GOP caucus-goers, and has a margin of error of 5.5%; and the South Carolina poll was conducted over the same period among 450 potential GOP primary voters and has a margin of error of 4.6%.",1
1914,Poll: Rubio leads the GOP pack in matchup against Clinton,London is kidding itself if it thinks this will be a negotiation among equals.,1
4280,GOP debate: No one trumps Trump and six other takeaways from Las Vegas,"We’ll get to the GOP debate momentarily. But first, a word about the Republicans’ odyssey and oddity this past year.

Welcome to the most volatile Republican presidential race in modern times. The upper 66 percent of last year’s field is either out of the running or running on fumes. The top 74 percent in the current field is five times larger than its 15 percednt share of a year ago.

And 2016? It may only add to the confusion.

On to the main event and what transpired Tuesday night at The Venetian Las Vegas.

The good news: It was smaller grouping than the last time CNN/Salem Radio ran the show (nine candidates, down two from September’s gathering at the Reagan Presidential Library). And it was truncated – 40 minutes less than September’s three-hour debate from hell).

Still, CNN was plagued by the same problems as before: a candidates’ forum that was too long, too lumbering, and too laxly herded.

Here are seven observations from this, the final Republican debate of 2015:

1. No One Trumped Trump. It wasn’t for a lack of effort. Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul ripped into Donald Trump less than 30 seconds into the debate’s start over Internet policy. Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush tut-tutted: “You’re not going to insult your way to the presidency.”

What they don’t get: Trump didn’t earn the center spot on the stage courtesy of profound thinking or refined elegance. Better to construct one’s own case, rather than try to deconstruct The Donald.

Blame it on the candidates’ approach and Wolf Blitzer’s herky-jerky style of questioning (like watching a 16-year-old drive a stick-shift for the first time): how many of Trump’s rivals made a lasting impression as to how they’d defeat ISIS and protect the homeland?

2. The Cage Match.  At various points, Paul took swings at Trump, Florida Sen. Marco Rubio and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie. The libertarians in the crowd loved it, but the candidate came across as desperate – for attention and a lifeline for a campaign struggling to stay afloat.

The dust-up that the media wanted but didn’t get: Trump and Texas Sen. Ted Cruz. Both were too smart to take the bait.

Cruz didn’t expound on his differences with Trump over the Muslim immigration ban or a previous comment suggesting he thought Trump lacked a presidential temperament. Trump expressed “great respect” for the other candidates on the stage and ruled out an independent run (the night’s biggest news).

Time will tell whether what Trump said in Vegas stayed in Vegas.

Cruz did have some momentary tussles – with Rubio over Senate votes (always a good way to put an audience to sleep). And Trump: his testiest moments came in a personal back-and-forth with Bush over demeanor and poll numbers.

3.  Executive Order. It was a national security debate long on tough talk about leadership skills, which would seem an opening for the two sitting governors looking for a leg-up in this race: Christie and Ohio Gov. John Kasich.

Did either succeed? Not quite.

For Christie, the problem was numbers. Yes, he had some good moments connecting national security to his New Jersey heritage. However, nine candidates and a round-robin style of Q&A too often reduced Christie to interjecting himself into the debate to remind viewers of just how vapid senators can be (Carly Fiorina also went down this path, at several points jumping into the cross-talk to bemoan the awfulness of the political class).

As for Kasich, it’s a matter of rhetorical substance abuse. Three governors past and present have departed the race. A fourth, Bush, is struggling to stay relevant. It’s a political climate in which the Republican base isn’t impressed by resumes, yet Kasich continues to recite a long Washington biography. Oh(io) the humanity.

4. Auld Lang Syne. And so ends the GOP’s debate circuit for 2015. Next up: a Jan. 14 debate in North Charleston, S.C., hosted by the Fox Business Network.

5. At a time when many a college student is taking semester finals, this debate had the vibe of that last exam of the week before an extended break. Tempers were short; the candidates seemed tired of sharing the same oxygen.

6.  Debate winners, if we must: Trump and Cruz, for playing mostly error-free ball.

7. Debate losers: anyone who lost their place in line for the “Star Wars” premiere by staying home to watch a mostly uneventful debate.

Bill Whalen is a research fellow at Stanford University's Hoover Institution, where he analyzes California and national politics. He also blogs daily on the 2016 election at www.adayattheracesblog.com. Follow him on Twitter @hooverwhalen.",1
1198,Mike Huckabee's daughter: Negative tone in GOP race helps Clinton,"""I don't think it is good for anybody,"" Huckabee Sanders told CNN's Erin Burnett on ""OutFront"" when asked about Trump and Florida Sen. Marco Rubio's rhetoric on the campaign trail. ""I think it's unfortunate the nature of politics seems to create this type of tension. I think the person it ultimately and sadly ends up at times being good for is Hillary Clinton.""

Trump and Rubio engaged in a war of words Friday, with Trump calling his opponent a ""choker,"" ""lightweight"" and ""clown,"" and Rubio labeling the billionaire as a ""con artist.""

""I keep hearing all these pundits and people from the media and other politicians talking about how bad Donald Trump is for America and, in particular, how bad people are that support Donald Trump. My thing is that they're not bad for America, they are America.""

She added that Trump supporters are ""from the heartland and heart and soul of America. They are hard-working, God-fearing people who are sick and tired of the government stepping all over them and they want someone to help just clear the path and get government out of the way."" Huckabee Sanders went on to criticize Texas Sen. Ted Cruz's attempts to attack Trump for having ""New York values."" She claimed that the bulk of Cruz's campaign is being funded by New York donors and that ""you need to follow the money in this case, and certainly Ted Cruz doesn't have a lot of credibility to attack on that front."" As for why she joined Trump's campaign , Huckabee Sanders said Washington is being controlled by donors and special interests and believes Trump is the only presidential candidate who can go there and fix it.",1
675,Clinton turns Trump attacks up to 11,"The election in 232 photos, 43 numbers and 131 quotes, from the two candidates at the center of it all.",1
3562,2 gunmen killed following deadly Tunisian museum attack that left 21 dead,"Two gunmen who opened fire on a popular museum in Tunisia Wednesday -- killing 21, including 17 tourists -- were killed by security forces after what was the deadliest attack on civilians in the North African country in 13 years.

The gunmen had opened fire on the National Bardo Museum in Tunis earlier Wednesday. At least 44 people were wounded

Tunisian Prime Minister Habib Essid had said earlier Wednesday that two or three other gunmen had escaped and were possible at large.

Essid told national television that people from Poland, Italy, Germany and Spain were among the tourists.

An Italian Foreign Ministry official says three Italians were among those killed in the attack and another six were injured. While Poland's Foreign Ministry announced that three Poles were among the wounded.

Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos confirmed on Twitter that two Colombian citizens were among the victims of the attack.

German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier called the violence ""a cowardly attack on us all.""

He said he ""cannot rule out there being German citizens among the victims,"" but couldn't confirm that at this stage.

An unknown number of tourists were also taken hostage. But Tunisia’s interior ministry said the hostage standoff ended after security forces stormed the museum and killed two of the gunmen. A security officer and a cleaning woman were also killed in the raid.

Tunisia's parliament building, near the museum, was evacuated during the standoff, according to a tweet by parliament member Sayida Ounissi.

The interior ministry said tourists were taken hostage by “two or more terrorists armed with Kalashnikovs.” Private radio station Radio Mosaique said the attackers were dressed in military-style clothing.

British, Italian, French and Spanish nationals were among those taken captive, local radio reported, according to the BBC.

""I condemn this terrorist attack in the strongest terms... we are very alert about how the situation is evolving,"" French Prime Minister Manuel Valls said.

Yasmine Ryan, a witness, told the BBC that a growing crowd of at least 500 people has amassed outside the museum.

""There's helicopters flying overhead and we just saw tanks rolling in,"" she said.

Some of the Italians at the museum were believed to have been passengers aboard the Costa Fascinosa, a cruise liner making a seven-day trip of the western Mediterranean that had docked in Tunis.  Ship owner Costa Crociere confirmed that some of its 3,161 passengers were visiting the capital Wednesday and that a Bardo tour was on the itinerary, but said it couldn't confirm how many passengers were in the museum at the time.

The cruise ship recalled all the passengers to the ship and was in touch with local authorities and the Italian Foreign Ministry.

The National Bardo Museum, built within a 15th-century palace, is the largest museum in Tunisia with collections covering two floors, and it houses one of the world's largest collections of Roman mosaics.

It is unclear who the attackers are. Tunisia has struggled with violence by Islamic extremists in recent years, including some linked to the Islamic State group.

Twitter accounts associated with the extremist Islamic State group based in Syria and Iraq were described as overjoyed at the attack, urging Tunisians to ""follow their brothers,"" according to Rita Katz of SITE, a U.S.-based organization that monitors militant groups.

White House spokesman Josh Earnest says the U.S. is prepared to offer assistance to Tunisian authorities in their investigation of the attack against the Bardo museum and ""will continue to stand with our Tunisian partners against terrorist violence.""

""We extend our deepest sympathies to the victims of today's heinous violence in Tunisia and condemn in the strongest terms this terrorist attack, which took the lives of innocent Tunisians as well as visiting tourists,"" Earnest said.

Speaking at the Louvre museum to call for international efforts to preserve the heritage of Iraq and Syria against extremist destruction, French President Francois Hollande said he had called the Tunisian president to offer support and solidarity.

""Each time a terrorist crime is committed, we are all concerned,"" Hollande said.

Tunisia recently completed a rocky road to democracy after overthrowing its authoritarian president in 2011. It has been more stable than other countries in the region, but it has struggled with violence by Islamic extremists in recent years, including some linked to the Islamic State group. It also has extremists linked to Al Qaeda's North Africa arm who occasionally target Tunisian security forces.

A disproportionately large number of Tunisian recruits -- some 3,000, according to government estimates -- have joined Islamic State fighters in Syria and Iraq.

The violence that Tunisia has seen in recent years has been largely focused on security forces, not foreigners or tourist sites.

The attack is a blow to Tunisia's efforts to revive its tourism industry.

The museum is near the North African country's parliament some 2 1/2 miles from the city center. A new wing with contemporary architecture was built as part of a 2009 renovation, doubling the surface area. Some 8,000 works are displayed in the museum, according to the website.

The attack comes the day after Tunisian security officials confirmed the death in neighboring Libya of a leading suspect in Tunisian terror attacks and the killings of two opposition figures in Tunisia.

Ahmed Rouissi, a senior commander of ISIS militants in Libya, gained the nickname of the ""black box of terrorism."" The information on his death was made public by security officials giving testimony in parliament and cited by the official TAP news agency.

Libya, which has devolved into chaos, is a source of major concern for Tunisia.

Also a major worry is the Mount Chaambi area on the border with Algeria where Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb has reportedly been helping a Tunisian group which has killed numerous soldiers.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
4278,Winners and losers from the 7th Republican presidential debate,"Seven of the eight leading Republican presidential candidates gathered in Iowa on Thursday night for the seventh debate of the race. Donald Trump, the race's clear front-runner, was less than 10 miles away from the debate site — holding his own counter-rally after deciding not to participate for decidedly vague reasons.

I watched the whole thing. (We also annotated it!) Below is my take on the best and the worst from the night that was.

• Rand Paul: Maybe the senator just needed to take a debate off. After not making the main stage in the sixth debate (and refusing to appear in the undercard debate), Paul was a major player in this one. He showed off his trademark willingness to needle the other candidates — he went after Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz at various points — but also offered nuanced thoughts on racial profiling and abortion. This was the Paul whom many political observers — myself included — thought we might see in this campaign: A candidate willing and able to speak to issues his party has struggled to address in recent years. Too little, too late. But, at least he had a moment.

• Megyn Kelly: There has rarely been a debate moderator who has come under as much scrutiny as Kelly has during the course of this campaign. Despite all of that negative attention, Kelly showed on Thursday night why she is the face of Fox News. She was pointed, tough and well-versed on the issues. And, more important to me? She showed her sense of humor and a willingness to not take herself too seriously. That she performed so well with so many eyes on her speaks incredibly highly of her abilities.

• Jeb Bush: If you had any doubt about how much Donald Trump is in Bush's head, this debate should have cleared it up. The former Florida governor was, from the get-go, more relaxed and more forceful in this Trump-less debate than he has been in the previous six debates where Trump was included. He owned his family's political legacy unapologetically. He fought Rubio to a draw in an immigration back and forth. He regularly was the only candidate — aside from Paul — who answered the questions asked of him. Bush is still a somewhat (okay, very) awkward candidate — his halting closing statement was painful — who doesn't really like going on the attack. But, without Trump looming over him, Bush looked positively presidential.

• Video reels of past candidate statements: Fox ran video clips of both Rubio and Cruz saying things in the past that they have run away from in this campaign. And it was great! This is what debates should be about. Holding candidates accountable. Asking them to explain why what they said four years ago isn't what they are saying now. I only wish Fox did this for all of the candidates.

• Commercials: Thank you, Fox News! A commercial every 30 minutes or so worked nicely both with my bathroom needs and my desire to consume somewhere between 100 and 120 Oreos. #blessed

• Ted Cruz: He did the thing I hate the most in debates — complain about the rules — when he tried to game a bit more talking time and got shut down by moderator Chris Wallace. The senator's joking threat that if he kept taking incoming from the other candidates he might leave the stage (Trump reference!) fell flat. He was on the wrong end of a scolding by Paul over his conservative righteousness. And, time and time again, Cruz found himself insisting that on a panoply of issues — military spending, immigration etc. — everyone was either wrong about his position or didn't understand it well enough. That's too much defense for Cruz to play — especially in a debate without Trump.

• Ben Carson: Whoa boy. Carson swung from barely being asked any questions to providing answers that often bordered on incoherence. His response to a question about how to deal with Russia simply made no sense — further adding to the narrative that he is far, far out of his depth on foreign policy. At one point, he seemed stunned to even get a question, which isn't the best look for a guy running to be the leader of a 300-million-person country. Carson looked out of his league tonight.

• Chris Christie: The New Jersey governor felt a little like a Johnny One-Note tonight. For every question he was asked, the answer was how terrible Hillary Clinton is, was and will be. Okay, I get that bashing Clinton is never a bad idea in a Republican primary, but the strategy made Christie look very two-dimensional and brought to my mind memories of Rudy Giuliani's campaign in 2008. And not in a good way.

* Fox News Channel: The simple fact is that from an entertainment perspective, this debate was less interesting than virtually all of the previous six. The reason? Trump wasn't there. That, of course, is not entirely (or even mainly) Fox's fault. But, my guess is that the ratings for this debate will be significantly lower than the other Republican debates on major cable channels. And, if you don't think ratings are the way networks judge success, I have a whole mess of compact discs — they're the future of music! — to sell you.",1
3055,"If you use Facebook to get your news, please — for the love of democracy — read this first","Facebook’s 1.44 billion users rely on the site for lots of things: keeping in touch, sharing photos, casual stalking.

But if you get your political news through Facebook, as more than 60 percent of millennials do, please browse with extreme caution: The site doesn’t show you everything, and may subtly skew your point of view.

This is not, of course, a new fear; moral panic over “echo chambers” and “filter bubbles” is as old as the social Web, itself. But a new survey by the Pew Center, released on Monday, suggests there may be some new urgency here. Per that survey, a majority of American Internet users now get political news from Facebook — and the 2016 elections, as we know, are in just over a year.

That’s really important, and important to understand, because Facebook is quite unlike traditional conduits of news. (Think: your local ABC affiliate, your gossipy neighbor, this page, what have you.) As in those more traditional settings, Facebook gives you a great deal of control over which sources you follow and what you choose to read. But unlike those other, traditional sources, Facebook also hides many stories selectively. According to a recent Washington Post experiment, as much as 72 percent of the new material your friends and subscribed pages post never actually shows up in your News Feed.

Which might be fine, when we’re talking about your ex-co-worker’s baby pictures — but what about if we’re talking about a political scandal?

“A longer-term question that arises from this data [about Facebook as a political news source],” the Pew report says, “is what younger Americans’ reliance on social media for news might mean for the political system.”

By now, it should be common knowledge that the News Feed does not show you every post your friends put on Facebook. Unfortunately, there’s still a major misconception around how News Feed works: in a recent study from the University of Illinois, 62.5 percent of participants had no idea Facebook screened out any posts.

Facebook has a good reason for doing this, mind you: If you saw every post, you’d be overwhelmed. There’d simply be too many to read. (This is a problem Twitter’s having, incidentally.) So instead, Facebook does a little math and, based on a range of engagement factors, tries to predict the posts you’re most interested in, and only places those in your News Feed. The math behind the News Feed changes constantly, and Facebook regularly rejiggers it to meet user needs. (You may recall a certain outcry over “manipulative” algorithmic changes in July 2014.)

Anyway, none of this is inherently bad or nefarious. In fact, for the casual, social Facebook user, it’s probably really good. The problem is that more and more people are using Facebook for more and more important things — like informing how they vote — without entirely understanding how it works.

“It’s kind of [like] waking up in ‘The Matrix’ in a way,” said one newly enlightened participant in that University of Illinois study. “I mean you have what you think as your reality” — but it’s actually filtered, moderated.

Facebook has, unsurprisingly, worked very hard to shed the impression that this filtering may somehow hurt its users or their media literacy. In May, researchers working for the site published a very high-profile, very controversial paper on the “ideological diversity” of information in the News Feed. The communications scholar Christian Sandvig called it the “‘it’s not our fault’ study” — a peculiarly deliberate attempt to prove that, even if filter bubbles do exist, their algorithm isn’t to blame.

As Sandvig and others have pointed out, though, that isn’t actually what Facebook’s data shows. For one thing, the study wasn’t conclusive: It only looked at a small and highly non-representative user sample. On top of that, the study shows that the algorithm does tweak political news in three important, if modest, ways. To wit:

Again, none of this is necessarily nefarious or shocking. (“What else would a good filter algorithm be doing other than filtering for what it thinks you will like?” Sandvig wrote.) But it does mean that, when you use Facebook as a source for political news, that news is modestly more likely to flatter your existing point of view.

“Selectivity and polarization are happening on Facebook,” sums up Sandvig, “and the news feed curation algorithm acts to modestly accelerate” both of those things.

It’s no wonder, really, that highly partisan news sources tend to do very well on Facebook — they speak to the biases of both users and the network.

It might be hard to see the big so-what in all of this. After all, if you’re just one user cruising along through your News Feed, you want a service that’s pleasant and comfortable for you. You don’t want to be bombarded with rage-inducing partisan news in between your memes and your mom’s stories and your pet videos.

But consider, for a minute, that more than half of all American adults use Facebook — enough people, some scholars theorize, to swing a national election. As more of those people use Facebook for news, we risk “accelerating” polarization for a large slice of the U.S. population.

And that’s too bad, really, both because political polarization can be blamed for a host of ills, and because social networks could really be a force for good here. One analysis of Twitter found, for instance, that ideologically diverse networks tend to yield more moderate people — proof positive, its author wrote, that social media has “rich potential … to transform the political process.”

There are, at least in theory, technical ways around this problem. The sociologist Zeynep Tufekci has called for Facebook to hand more filtering control directly over to its users: “At a personal level,” she wrote, “I’d love to have the choice to set my newsfeed algorithm to ‘please show more content I’d likely disagree with.” (Balancer, a browser extension/research project that took this approach toward news site reading, is the only known tool to increase “diverse exposure” clearly and measurably.)

Meanwhile, Jonathan Zittrain — a law professor at Harvard — has called for Facebook to declare itself an “information fiduciary,” much like lawyers and doctors do already. In exchange for, say, a tax break, the site would promise to offer a depersonalized, unfiltered News Feed experience, among other things.

Unfortunately, these solutions seem unlikely for now — and in the meantime, the available fixes are both very individual and far less ambitious. If you use Facebook to access political news, consider toggling from “top stories” to “most recent.” (That option’s in the left-hand rail, under “Favorites.”) Alternately, think about supplementing your Facebook diet with news from somewhere else. Pew also has a new analysis on the news sources that liberals and conservatives like best: Take a gander at some stories from your ideological opposite.

Liked that? Try these!",1
2862,"Iraqi forces, civilians flee as ISIS gains control of Ramadi, US official says","Fear of a possible Islamic State bloodbath sent tens of thousands of Iraqis fleeing Ramadi on Monday after government forces abandoned the city -- just 80 miles from Baghdad -- in what one U.S. military official conceded was a fight ""pretty much over.""

Some 25,000 people have fled the embattled streets of Ramadi as thousands of ISIS fighters seized the key Iraqi city, killing some 500, and reportedly going door-to-door looking for Iraqi government troops and police to run out of town.

“There have been executions in the streets of Ramadi,"" Muhannad Haimour, a spokesman for the Anbar provincial government, told NBC News Monday. ISIS extremists used vehicles, bulldozers rigged with explosives and suicide bombers to overrun the city after weeks of battles in the street.

""The situation in the city is absolutely terrible,"" Haimour said. ""The city is in very bad shape.""

Gen. Martin Dempsey, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, called ISIS' gains ""a serious setback"" for both the city's inhabitants and the Iraqi Security Forces.

""Much effort will now be required to reclaim the city,"" Dempsey said.

The fight for Ramadi is “pretty much over for now,” a U.S. military official told Fox News, after ISIS overran the beleaguered Iraqi Army to take control of the city Sunday.

Iraqi security forces abandoned their Anbar Operations Center in Ramadi overnight, leaving the city almost completely in ISIS control, according to the U.S. official, who has seen the latest intelligence reports from Ramadi.

Although there were a large number of Iraqi security forces occupying Ramadi, most troops fled after ISIS fighters began their assault on the city center Sunday, leaving behind Humvees and armored vehicles supplied by the U.S. military, a separate senior U.S. military official told Fox News.

""The Iraqi security forces were pushed out by a much smaller [ISIS] force,"" the official said.

The takeover followed a three-day siege that began with a wave of ISIS car bombs and which dealt a devastating blow to the Baghdad government and the U.S. forces providing logistical support. On Monday, Shia militias converged on the city, some 70 miles west of the capital, in a bid to retake it.

Ramadi's streets were deserted Monday, with few people venturing out of their homes to look for food, according to two residents reached by telephone.

The militants, meanwhile, were storming the homes of policemen and pro-government tribesmen, particularly those from the large Al Bu Alwan tribe, of whom they detained about 30, the residents said. The militants went door-to-door with lists of alleged pro-government collaborators. Homes and stores owned by a pro-government Sunni militia known as the Sahwa were looted or torched.

The residents spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they feared reprisals by the militants.

Youssef al-Kilabi, a spokesman for the Shiite militias fighting alongside government forces, told the AP on Monday that the Iranian-backed paramilitary forces have drawn up plans for a Ramadi counter-offensive in cooperation with government forces.

We will ""eliminate this barbaric enemy,"" al-Kilabi vowed. He did not elaborate on the plans or the timing of a counter-offensive.

Iran's Defense Minister Gen. Hossein Dehghan flew to Baghdad on a surprise visit for urgent talks with Iraqi leaders.

The fall of Ramadi was a stunning defeat for Iraq's security forces and military, which fled as the ISIS rebels overwhelmed the last hold-out positions of pro-government forces, despite the support of U.S.-led airstrikes targeting the extremists

The retreat by Iraqi forces was reminiscent of the nation's earliest battles against ISIS, including the fall of Mosul, when poorly trained Iraqi soldiers shrank from the black-clad Islamist army, leaving guns and other gear behind for the terrorists to capture.

In Ramadi Sunday, bodies littered the streets as local officials reported the militants carried out mass killings of Iraqi security forces and civilians. Online video showed Humvees, trucks and other equipment speeding out of Ramadi, with soldiers gripping onto their sides.

""Ramadi has fallen,"" Haimour, a spokesman for the provincial governor of Anbar, told AP Sunday. ""The city was completely taken. ... The military is fleeing.""

Since Friday, when the battle for the city entered its final stages, ""We estimate that 500 people have been killed, both civilians and military,"" Haimour said.

The figures could not be independently confirmed, but Islamic State militants have in the past killed hundreds of civilians and soldiers in the aftermath of their major victories.

The Pentagon is aware of reports that Iran-backed Shia militias have been asked by Iraq's Prime Minister to lead the fight to take back Ramadi.  Iran's defense minister arrived in Baghdad today for talks with his counterpart, in what the media is calling an ""emergency meeting.""

When asked if the U.S. military planned to increase its involvement in the campaign to defeat ISIS, the senior U.S. military official said, ""The Iraqis have to want it more than we want it.""

A Sunni tribal leader, Naeem al-Gauoud, said many tribal fighters died trying to defend the city and their bodies were strewn in the streets, while others had been thrown in the Euphrates River. Ramadi Mayor Dalaf al-Kubaisi said that more than 250 civilians and security forces were killed over the past two days, including dozens of police and other government supporters shot dead in the streets or their homes, along with their wives, children and other family members.

Secretary of State John Kerry, speaking in South Korea, called Ramadi a ""target of opportunity"" for extremists, but said he was confident that ISIS' gains could be reversed in the coming days. Kerry also said that he has long said the fight against the militant group would be a long one, and that it would be tough in the Anbar province of western Iraq where Iraqi security forces are not built up.

The U.S.-led coalition said Sunday it had conducted seven airstrikes in Ramadi in the last 24 hours. ""It is a fluid and contested battlefield,"" said Army Col. Steve Warren, a Pentagon spokesman. ""We are supporting (the Iraqis) with air power.""

Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi ordered security forces not to abandon their posts across Anbar province, apparently fearing the extremists could capture the entirety of the vast Sunni province that saw intense fighting after the 2003 U.S.-led invasion of the country to topple dictator Saddam Hussein.

Sunday's retreat recalled the collapse of Iraqi security forces last summer in the face of the Islamic State group's blitz into Iraq that saw it capture a third of the country, where it has declared a caliphate, or Islamic State. It also calls into question the Obama administration's hopes of relying solely on airstrikes to support the Iraqi forces in expelling the extremists.

The final push by the extremists began early Sunday with four nearly simultaneous bombings that targeted police officers defending the Malaab district in southern Ramadi, a pocket of the city still under Iraqi government control, killing at least 10 police and wounding 15, authorities said. Among the dead was Col. Muthana al-Jabri, the chief of the Malaab police station, they said.

Later, three suicide bombers drove their explosive-laden cars into the gate of the Anbar Operation Command, the military headquarters for the province, killing at least five soldiers and wounding 12, authorities said.

On a militant website frequented by ISIS members, a message from the group claimed its fighters held the 8th Brigade army base, as well as tanks and missile launchers left behind by fleeing soldiers. The message could not be independently verified by the AP, but it was similar to others released by the group and was spread online by known supporters of the extremists.

Backed by the U.S.-led airstrikes, Iraqi forces and Kurdish fighters have made gains against ISIS, including capturing the northern city of Tikrit. But progress has been slow in Anbar, a Sunni province where anger at the Shiite-led government runs deep and where U.S. forces struggled for years to beat back a potent insurgency. American soldiers fought some of their bloodiest battles since Vietnam on the streets of Ramadi and Fallujah.

Fox News' Lucas Tomlinson and the Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
5079,'America is already great': Obama urges US to back Clinton in DNC speech,"Barack Obama led an emotional assault on Donald Trump’s patriotism in his last big speech to adoring Democrats on Wednesday, casting the Republican as a threat not just to his legacy, but to American democracy.



“Show the world we still believe in the promise of a great nation,” the president urged both delegates and a national audience which is in real danger of voting for someone he dubbed a “home-grown demagogue”.

The departing president was joined on stage by Hillary Clinton, making her first surprise appearance of the convention before an electrified crowd, which seems more than ready to embrace her. The biggest cheer of the week in Philadelphia came as Obama and Clinton walked off, arms wrapped around each other.

An evening which began with the raw emotion of people touched by gun violence from Sandy Hook to Orlando became an overt mission by a succession of big Democratic names to reach those independent voters outside of the room tempted by Trump’s appeal to struggling middle-class families in an anti-establishment mood.

Earlier, vice-president Joe Biden stole the show with a blunt retort aimed at Trump. “This guy doesn’t have a clue about the middle class,” blasted a politician who revels in his blue-collar roots. “Not a clue,” chanted back the audience.

But it was a trickier balancing act for the cerebral president, seeking simultaneously to take a victory lap and pass the baton safely to the right team.

“America is already great,” insisted Obama as he inverted Trump’s central theme to suggest it is his populism which threatens the country’s values most: “The American dream is something no wall will ever contain.”

America has changed, Obama said, but its values have not, adding: “We don’t fear the future; we shape it. We embrace it, as one people, stronger together than we are on our own. That’s what Hillary Clinton understands – this fighter, this stateswoman, this mother and grandmother, this public servant, this patriot – that’s the America she’s fighting for.”

On a day dominated by allegations of Russian interference in the election and an apparent call by Trump inciting Russia to help reveal Clinton’s emails, Obama presented the Republican nominee as fundamentally anti-American.

“We do not look to be ruled,” he said, rejecting the strongman philosophy, adding: “He is offering slogans and fear. He is betting that if he scares enough people, he might win just enough votes to win this election, and that’s another bet that Donald Trump will lose.”

Privately however, Clinton campaign chair John Podesta has been warning against complacency, telling staff that Trump is “not a serious man, but a man to be taken seriously”.

Obama walked off stage to a triumphant Stevie Wonder hit Signed, Sealed, Delivered I’m Yours, which could be read as a love song to those in the room, but may strike a more dissonant note among those that they still need to win over.

“Yes, we have still got more work to do,” acknowledged Obama, conceding that change is never quick and that he had always insisted “we wouldn’t meet all of our challenges in one term, or one presidency, or even in one lifetime”.

Nevertheless, a warm-up video celebrated a host of achievements worshipped in the convention hall, yet contentious outside: Obamacare, gun control, climate change and marriage equality.

“I stand before you tonight after two terms as your president to tell you that I am more optimistic about the future of your country than ever before. How could I not be?” asked the president.

Obama began by recalling his introduction to national life at the Democratic convention 12 years ago. Yet after two weeks of intrigue over who will be the next president, he already felt like a historic figure: half campaigning for his successor, and half burnishing his legacy.

At times, the great orator of the age felt oddly flat too: upstaged by the energy of Biden and, above all, by the uplifting address of Michelle Obama two nights earlier. Aides backstage revealed that the president had been through six drafts of the speech in the last week, staying up until 3am to rewrite it after watching the first lady’s.



There were sporadic, isolated protests from the floor too – something Obama has had to deal with all his presidency, but more manageable in a vast and overwhelmingly sympathetic hall.

The room came alive, however when he turned to appraise “the next president of the United States”, Hillary Clinton. “You may remember we were rivals … she was tough, she was doing everything I was doing but just like Ginger Rogers, it was backwards and in heels.

“No matter how much people try to knock her down, she never ever quits,” he added to roars, “There has never been a man or woman, not me, not Bill, more qualified than Hillary Clinton.

“Then there’s Donald Trump,” Obama started before a predictable response to his first reference of the opponent. “Don’t boo, vote!” he shot back, recycling a quip likely to get good service over the next 100 days.

Biden also rolled out lines that Democrats are likely to rely on heavily in future weeks, angrily reclaiming the flag from a Republican party that claims increasing monopoly on patriotism.

“It’s never been a good bet to bet against America,” said the vice-president to chants of “USA, USA”. “We not only have the biggest economy in the world we have the strongest economy in the world.”

“We do not scare easily,” added a fired-up Biden. “We overcome and we always always move forward. The 21st century is going to be the American century … we own the finish line. Don’t forget it!”

Hillary Clinton’s vice-presidential pick Tim Kaine struck a more conciliatory tone, making the first serious attempt of the week to reach out to the many Republicans known to be contemptuous of Trump.

“If any of you [Republicans] are looking for the party of Lincoln, we got a home for you here,” said Kaine, in a line that sums up why this Virginia moderate was picked as Clinton’s running mate.

A series of Republicans also appeared on video saying Trump is a “not fit to be commander-in-chief”, including the remarkable sight of the party’s last nominee, Mitt Romney, being used to help boost a Democratic convention.

Retired rear admiral John Hutson, a former Republican, took to the stage. “This morning he invited Russia to hack us,” he began to supportive boos from the crowd “That’s not law and order; that’s criminal intent.

“More than 20 Republican national security leaders recently warned that Donald Trump would make American ‘less safe’. He even mocks John McCain,” he added, before recalling a famous putdown of Dan Quayle: “Donald, you’re not fit to polish John McCain’s boots.”

Former New York mayor and businessman Michael Bloomberg also attempted to reach out to floating voters.

“I have been a Republican and a Democrat and eventually an independent,” he said. “Not many people in this room can say that, but lots of people watching at home can and now they are weighing their choices.”

“I’m a New Yorker, and I know a con when I see one,” he added in a strong attack on Trump. “Hillary Clinton understands that this is not reality television; this is reality.”



Former CIA director and defense secretary Leon Panetta said: “Meanwhile Donald Trump says he gets his foreign policy experience from watching TV and running the Miss Universe contest. If only it was funny, but it is deadly serious.”

But even this moment of apparent unity was interrupted by more chanting. “No more war!” erupted a section of Bernie Sanders supporters sitting in the Washington and Oregon delegations. It prompted arena authorities to shut down lights in their section, the protesters to wave camera torches in the gloom.

Kaine also ran into trouble on the left. A small group of Sanders protesters began to interrupt him but were quickly surrounded by Clinton supporters who were encouraged to stand up in front of them by battle-scarred floor whips. Others struck up a chant of “feel the Bern” toward a moderate many progressives regard with distrust, but Kaine’s modest, self-deprecating demeanor defused a return to the outright revolt of Monday.



Obama delivered praise to the Sanders fan club: “If you agree that there is too much inequality and too much money in politics we all need to be as vocal and as persistent as Bernie Sanders,” he said. “That’s right. Feel the Bern!”

But he also issued a direct challenge to the Bernie or Bust contingent: “You can’t stay home just because she doesn’t align with you on every issue.”

Obama himself remained popular among both camps, prompting tears from many who sense the twilight of a groundbreaking administration.

Jayne Mazzotti, a delegate from Obama’s home state of Illinois, said she had been in the room for all of his convention speeches: from when he burst onto the national stage in Boston in 2004, to when he became the first African American to accept the nomination of a major party in in Denver in 2008, to fighting for his re-election in Charlotte in 2012 and now his final stand in Philadelphia in 2016.

“He has evolved and grown with precious few missteps,” she said. “He’s been a true favorite of mine as a president, and I’ve been through a few.”

“The difference between a Barack Obama and a Donald Trump, should he for whatever reason win this election, will just be a world apart. There have been Republicans that I’ve been very proud of in a sense that they were a symbol of something … they had an elegance, they had poise.

“I can’t say that of Donald Trump, I don’t think even Republicans can say that of Donald Trump,” she added.

Randell Tatum, a delegate from Massachusetts, said it was a bittersweet moment to watch Obama give arguably the last major set piece speech of his presidency.

“The thing I’ll miss the most about him is the spirit he gave all of us,” Tatum said. “I think he restored this country, brought us back from the darkest times, and here we are.”

Watching Obama over the last eight years has been especially poignant for Tatum, an African American who said his ancestry in the US dates back to the 1500s.

“Not only was he the first black president, but he was a role model, a man with integrity.”",1
4231,"Clinton, Trump eye Michigan wins as candidates face first big Midwest test","Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump look to rebound from weekend setbacks with victories in Tuesday's Michigan primary, the first big industrial state to be contested in the 2016 presidential race.

Squeezed between high-profile Super Tuesday and high-stakes primaries next week in Florida and Ohio, Tuesday's contests are unlikely to dramatically reshape either party's primaries. But with 150 Republican and 179 Democratic delegates at stake, the races offer an opportunity for the front-runners to pad leads and rivals to catch up.

In addition to Michigan's primaries, both parties will hold their primary in Mississippi Tuesday, with Republicans also caucusing in Idaho and voting in the Hawaii primary.

But Michigan is the night's crown jewel in terms of delegates. Fifty-nine are at stake in the Republican race, while 130 will be awarded on the Democratic side.

While Trump has stunned Republicans with his broad appeal, he's forged a particularly strong connection with blue-collar white voters. With an eye on the general election, he's argued he could put Midwestern, Democratic-leaning industrial states such as Michigan and Wisconsin in play for Republicans.

A Monmouth University poll released Monday showed Trump winning 36 percent of likely GOP primary voters, 13 percentage points ahead of Texas Sen. Ted Cruz. Ohio Gov. John Kasich, who said Michigan was part of his ""home court"" last week, polled a close third with 21 percent of the vote, while Florida Sen. Marco Rubio placed fourth with 13 percent of the likely vote.

Victories by Cruz in Kansas and Maine have threatened to make the Republican race a two-man sprint to the finish. But Kasich and Rubio are holding out hope they can win their winner-take-all home states March 15.

Entering Tuesday, Trump leads the Republican race with 384 delegates, followed by Cruz with 300, Rubio with 151 delegates and Kasich with 37. Winning the GOP nomination requires 1,237 delegates.

""It's not just the whole country that's watching Michigan — now the world's beginning to watch,"" Kasich said Monday during a campaign stop in the state. ""You can help me send a message about positive, about vision, about hope, about putting us together.""

Rubio sought a boost in Tuesday's contests from Mitt Romney, the 2012 GOP nominee. Romney has recently become an outspoken critic of Trump and recorded a phone call on Rubio's behalf in which he warns Republicans that if the real estate mogul wins the nomination, ""the prospects for a safe and prosperous future would be greatly diminished.""

Romney has not endorsed a candidate in the GOP primary, but clearly says in the phone recording that he's speaking on behalf of the Rubio campaign. A Romney spokeswoman said the former Massachusetts governor has offered to help Rubio, Kasich and Cruz in any way he can.

During a stop at a catfish restaurant on Monday in Mississippi, Cruz said the current vacancy on the Supreme Court means Republicans can't take a chance on Trump.

""He's been supporting left-wing politicians for 40 years,"" Cruz said.

On the Democratic side, Clinton boosted her delegate lead over Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders over the weekend, as a win in Saturday's Louisiana primary canceled out wins for Sanders in the Kansas, Nebraska and Maine caucuses. The Monmouth University poll gave Clinton a 13-percentage point lead over the self-described democratic socialist among likely voters.

Ahead of Tuesday's two Democratic contests, Clinton had accumulated 1,130 delegates and Sanders 499, including superdelegates. Democrats need 2,383 delegates to win the nomination.

In an effort to boost his standing in Michigan, Sanders has repeatedly accused Clinton of being disingenuous when she asserted that he opposed the bailout of carmakers General Motors and Chrysler during the Great Recession.

Sanders defended his voting record on the issue again during a Fox News town hall in Detroit Monday night.

""What I did not vote for was the bailout of Wall Street. … She did vote for that,” Sanders said, referring to Clinton’s time as a New York senator.

Sanders and Clinton both voted in favor of an auto bailout bill in 2008, but it failed to clear the Senate, prompting then-President George W. Bush to announce about a week later that the federal government would step in with $17.4 billion in federal aid to help the carmakers survive and restructure. The last $4 billion was contingent on the release of the second installment of the Wall Street bailout funds.

Sanders did vote for a 2009 motion to block the release of those funds, though the measure was defeated by 45 Democrats, including Clinton, and a handful of Republicans.



The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
3935,EgyptAir Flight 804: Final moments questioned,"(CNN) The search for EgyptAir Flight 804 continues, amid contradicting reports about the aircraft's final moments.

After it disappeared en route from Paris to Cairo last week, some debris from the plane -- including life vests, personal belongings and parts of wreckage -- has been recovered.

Small fragments of human remains have also been found, and officials in the Egyptian capital are trying to identify and match them to victims. Families of the victims have nearly completed giving DNA samples to help with the grim task, EgyptAir's vice chairman Ahmed Adel told CNN on Tuesday.

But it remains too early to determine from examining the remains whether or not there was an explosion on the flight, an official at the morgue told CNN.

Adel said that media reports suggesting otherwise were ""all speculation.""

""Any high velocity impact leads to defragmentations, and this is not indicative of what caused the accident,"" he said. ""Let's not jump to conclusions.""

A key focus of the search is for the plane's fuselage and the critical black boxes, which are expected to provide vital clues about what happened to the aircraft. Adel said EgyptAir had no information about the location of the fuselage, and that the multinational search team was focusing on an area ""about the size of Connecticut.""

At the heart of the confusion over the final moments of the flight are conflicting reports from Greek and Egyptian authorities.

The flight was at 37,000 feet when it lost contact above the Mediterranean early on May 19, shortly before the aircraft was scheduled to exit Greek airspace and enter Egyptian airspace.

Initially, Greek Defense Minister Panos Kammenos said that, upon entering Egyptian airspace, the aircraft swerved ""90 degrees left and then 360 degrees"" before plunging dramatically.

Asked Tuesday about the conflicting accounts, Adel said that ""the decisive information is going to come from the black boxes, and they have not been retrieved yet.""

Time is working against the investigators -- as is the scope of the search area, with teams searching in waters as much as 10,000 feet deep. Egyptian and French submersibles are working in the area, in an attempt to find the flight data and cockpit voice recorders before their transponder batteries expire.

""The investigators are up against the clock,"" said aviation analyst Justin Green. ""If they don't find the black boxes in the next 30 days the job of finding them is going to be much harder because the black boxes may no longer be sending out a sonar ping which will help them identify it.""

A representative of an organization devoted to families of French passengers said relatives aren't sure they can trust the Egyptian investigation and want more involvement from France.

Stephane Gicquel, secretary general of the French National Federation of the Victims of Catastrophes, said ""there will be a way to track the investigation put in place by the French government with an appointed official to defend the interests of the families in the weeks and years to come.""

Gicquel said the families are distrustful of Egypt, in part due to how the country ""cooperated very badly with the French authorities"" during the investigation of the 2004 crash of a jet carrying mostly French tourists taking off from the resort town of Sharm el-Sheikh.

Egyptian government and airline officials have promised to be transparent in the investigation into what happened to the plane.

The Egyptian Civil Aviation Ministry investigative committee is being led by Ayman al-Moqadem, the investigator also in charge of the inquiry into the October crash of a Russian Metrojet airliner over Sinai. That disaster, which killed all 224 aboard, is widely believed to be the work of terrorists.

A preliminary report of the investigation will be available within a month, Moqadem told state media Sunday.

On Saturday, French aviation officials revealed that an automated system aboard the plane sent messages about smoke in the front of the aircraft just before it crashed into the sea early Thursday en route from Paris to Cairo.

France's revelation confirmed flight data that CNN obtained from an Egyptian source. That technical data -- transmitted through Aircraft Communications Addressing and Reporting System, or ACARS, which sends messages between planes and ground facilities -- shows the plane transmitted 11 electronic messages after it departed Paris.

The first two messages showed engines were functional, but the next message at 00:26 GMT stated a rise in the co-pilot window temperature and sent out messages of smoke in locations such as the lavatory and avionics compartment below the cockpit. The alerts continued until the plane vanished from radar screens.

A screen grab of data has time stamps that match the approximate time the aircraft went missing, although aviation experts cautioned the alerts don't necessarily mean a fire occurred on the Airbus A320 or that the crew even knew about the alerts, which are automatically transmitted.

There have been electrical problems with window anti-ice heaters in A320s. In 2003, the Federal Aviation Administration required windshields replaced in all A320s in the United States. It's not known whether Egypt followed the FAA directive.

With little physical evidence, the possibilities about what happened to the plane remain wide open, from a bomb to a mechanical malfunction to pilot error or even an intentional crash.

No group has claimed responsibility for taking down the jet, and as of now, investigators have found nothing implicating the flight crew or security officials aboard the plane, an Egyptian official said.

Checks of the passenger manifest have so far resulted in no hits on terror watch lists, officials with knowledge of the investigation said.

The jet had routine maintenance checks in Cairo before it left for Paris, the airline said. Earlier Wednesday, the jet was also in Eritrea and Tunisia, data from flight-tracking websites show.",1
695,How Donald Trump could win,"In just the past week, he's caused an uproar by blasting the Republican governor of New Mexico -- one of the party's most prominent Latinas -- while also calling Elizabeth Warren ""Pocahontas"" and abruptly parting ways with his recently hired political director.

But there are also signs that he's willing to moderate some of his primary positions and take more conventional steps to prepare for November, such as building out a national finance team, hiring a pollster, accepting checks from wealthy donors and hitting the fundraising circuit.

CNN interviewed more than a dozen veteran Republican campaign strategists, pollsters and past and current officeholders about what Trump needs to do to win.

Their consensus: He needs to flip blue-leaning states to his column, soften his public image -- particularly as he targets independents, women and minority voters -- and drive up Hillary Clinton's already high negatives even further.

Most said Trump faces an uphill battle in a race that promises to be one of the most divisive and vitriolic in recent memory, one in which both Trump and Clinton have historically high unfavorable ratings.

Yet all agreed on one thing after a primary season that shattered conventional wisdom: Don't underestimate Trump. A recent Quinnipiac poll found Trump and Clinton in an extremely tight race in several vital swing states.

""Everything that so many of us have learned by observing politics for the last 30, 40 years is going to be challenged this cycle,"" said Ari Fleischer, former press secretary to George W. Bush. ""Don't be surprised if Donald Trump is sitting in the Oval Office on January 20th.""

Here's a look at the Trump roadmap, based on these interviews:

Trump must win every state Mitt Romney did in 2012 -- plus an additional 64 electoral votes. In the past few elections, Republicans have looked to a handful of battleground states to put them over the top: among them, Virginia, Florida, Ohio and Colorado.

Still, GOP veterans believe the traditional swing states make up a tough line-up for Trump. The Republican primaries consistently revealed Trump's weakness with minority and educated voters -- vulnerabilities that do not bode well for Trump in an increasingly blue state like Virginia.

""If you add up African-Americans, Asians and Hispanics in Virginia, which are all growing constituencies, that's about one third of the electorate,"" said Tucker Martin, a Virginia consultant and former aide to ex-Gov. Bob McDonnell. ""And then you combine the fact that we're a well-educated state -- it's a very bad match for him.""

""He can't lose the states that Romney won. If he starts losing states that Romney won, it's over,"" said political consultant John Brabender, who was a senior strategist to Rick Santorum, the former Pennsylvania senator who has endorsed Trump. ""The states that Romney thought were in play -- can Trump put them in play?""

All eyes on the Rust Belt

In other words, Trump must redraw the map.

That means targeting states with demographics that favor Trump, such as blue collar, less educated and older white voters, and even competing in states that have consistently leaned blue in recent presidential elections. A key part of Trump's strategy is to ensure high turnout of white, working class Republican voters. But he's also looking to capture a segment of the Democratic base with his populist economic message.

""I really think he has an opportunity with working class Democrats, who we knew years ago as Reagan Democrats,"" said Michigan Republican strategist John Truscott. ""That's where his unique opportunity is to get some cross over.""

All of this brings Trump to the Rust Belt.

Former Virginia Gov. Jim Gilmore, who ran for president this cycle and is now calling for the GOP to unite behind Trump, said he expects this region to be Trump's gateway to a November victory.

""If Donald Trump can hold the South, and I think he can, and all of a sudden become the spokesman for the disenfranchised working men and working women in the industrialized Midwest, suddenly he can be competitive in Ohio, Michigan, Wisconsin, Indiana, Minnesota and Pennsylvania,"" Gilmore said.

(Trump won three of those states -- Michigan, Indiana and Pennsylvania -- during the primaries).

Pennsylvania strategist Mark Harris believes the cards are stacked against Trump in the general election. The significance of Trump pulling off a victory in the Keystone State, which has not voted for a Republican presidential nominee since 1988, is difficult to overstate, he said.

""Pennsylvania, Ohio, Wisconsin -- those sorts of states I think are going to be important to his efforts. And certainly probably are friendlier than the Floridas and Colorados of the world,"" said Harris, who worked for Marco Rubio's super PAC.

Trump's populist, economic message has deeply resonated in former industrial states across the Midwest and Northeast -- once the center of the country's manufacturing boom.

As part of a broader foreign policy view that promises to put ""America first,"" Trump regularly laments that the United States has become second-tier next to countries like China and Japan. Campaigning in areas where voter frustration and anger about the economy run deep, Trump has been relentless in his attacks on international trade agreements and companies that outsource jobs.

New Jersey state Sen. Mike Doherty, one of Trump's earliest political supporters, said the key to Trump's success in the Rust Belt will have everything to do with the candidate staying on message on the economy.

""I would continue to focus on the United States has been de-industrialized, these international trade agreements have been a disaster and we need to make better deals,"" Doherty said. ""The real issue is the economy.""

As he stands on the cusp of formally accepting his party's nomination in July, Trump's unfavorable ratings are through the roof. Trump is determined to make Clinton equally toxic -- perhaps the only condition under which he can defeat her.

""Both of them have such significant vulnerabilities that it's just a matter of whether there is a major stumble by either one of them or one campaign better exploits the weaknesses of the other,"" said Peter Ernaut, a Nevada GOP strategist. ""These actual campaigns are going to matter a lot.""

It's an ugly match-up that could bring out an unprecedented level of vitriol in the general election.

Republicans believe Clinton's high negatives, fueled by the widespread perception that she is not honest or trustworthy, should be one of Trump's biggest advantages -- even as he is widely disliked himself.

""I'd make this campaign a race to the bottom,"" said Gregg Keller, who has advised Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker. ""I believe the pathway to victory is not in convincing (some people) to vote, but convincing them not to vote at all.""

In other words, Trump needs high turnout from his supporters while discouraging Clinton voters from showing up.

Trump is already waging full war against Clinton.

Labeling her ""Crooked Hillary,"" Trump has hit the former secretary of state on her qualifications, pointing to her past support for the Iraq War and her handling of the downfall of Libyan dictator Moammar Gadhafi. One scandal that's poised to continue haunting Clinton is her use of a private email server at the State Department, particularly after an Inspector General report released last week said she failed to follow proper protocol.

Trump's attacks have not only targeted Clinton but also her husband.

The episode foreshadowed the bitterly personal feud that is likely to fuel the general election.

""Hillary Clinton has never run against a candidate with ten arms and eight legs like Donald Trump. He's going to be all over her,"" said GOP consultant Alex Castellanos. ""She couldn't figure out how to run against a skinny, first-term, U.S. senator named Hussein ... much less this political raptor, which is what Donald Trump is.""

Republicans agree that Trump's success so far has largely centered on his aggressive tone and his famous aversion to political correctness.

""He needs to double down on being Donald Trump, don't try to play to the middle, don't try to moderate, don't try to be anything that you're not,"" said Keller, the Scott Walker adviser. ""You have a brand that is recognizable to tons of people. Don't abandon that.""

But Republicans also caution that the general election is an entirely different beast. Trump's political success has centered on his nontraditional rhetoric and approach to the nation's problems. But he still may need to find a way to moderate his tone for the broader general election audience.

One of Trump's biggest challenges heading into November is to broaden his appeal and convince non-primary voters to support him in November. That includes winning over independents and even some Democrats, and stopping the bleeding with minorities, younger voters as well as suburban and moderate Republicans -- particularly women.

""Make the tone a little bit more appealing to everybody -- make it a little bit more G-rated,"" said veteran pollster and strategist Jim McLaughlin. ""Make it so that that Walmart mom, that middle class mom, heck, that African-American mother, that Latino mother that is looking for the best for their children will say, you know what, he's got better ideas than Hillary Clinton does.""

Lanhee Chen, a top policy adviser to Romney, said Trump must effectively beat back Clinton's suggestion that he is ""an unserious person for a serious time"" if he wants to broaden his base heading into November. A critical part of that, Chen said, is to get much more serious about policy.

""It would seem to me that the best way to counteract would be by saying, 'Look, I've got some serious ideas. And it doesn't need to be a 200-page policy book but it does need to be more than, 'We're going to get tough on China,'"" Chen said. ""That would be effective for both for independents but also for conservatives who have questions about what is this guy going to do.""

CORRECTION: This story has been updated to reflect that Donald Trump would need to win 64 more electoral votes than Mitt Romney to win the election.",1
1840,The Republicans' Red Scare,"On this day in 1973, J. Fred Buzhardt, a lawyer defending President Richard Nixon in the Watergate case, revealed that a key White House tape had an 18...",1
1982,A Message to my Fellow Republicans,"As the unfolding Clinton email story plays out, I have some simple counsel for my friends in Congress, the conservative movement and right-leaning opinion media: Stop talking unless and until you have a plan. Better to go dark than play this game by the Clinton Rules.

Hillary really put a wrench in the media’s plans this week. After eagerly cheerleading Barack Obama for eight years, they stood ready to help break the ultimate glass ceiling and play their role as part of the uncritical chorus of Hillary Clinton’s coronation, first as the Democratic nominee then as president. It’s why they hate this story. It brings alive the memories of 30 years of the slimy, predatory Clinton enterprise and how its venal, sleazy, one-step-ahead-of-the-law hillbilly hustle stains everything it touches.

Cursed with both arrogance and inertia, the Bill and Hillary machine is stumbling toward political peril as the story of her possibly illegal (and certainly dodgy and ill-advised) use of private email servers consumes a Washington and New York press corps that for once can’t easily look away. The Clintons know we’re only at the end of the beginning of this story and the national security, legal and political implications for Hillary will get worse. The Clintons are depending on their old skills at manipulating the press and hoping the GOP and conservatives will save her by mishandling their response as badly as she’s mishandling hers.

While the media’s passive “attention span” excuse du jour is real, many in the press are possessed of a boundless ideological desire to change the subject right now. That’s why the press is waiting breathlessly for (and in some cases, actively trolling for) Republicans to blow it. An intemperate remark from Congressman Jackass would fit the bill perfectly. Don’t be the squirrel. Don’t give them a shiny object. Don’t give them an excuse to turn this into “Krazee Republicans Sure Hate Hillary Because She’s a Woman.” For God’s sake, candidates, take a deep breath and skip talking about your favorite social issue for just a few days. The media is desperate for another riff on evolution or vaccines or gay marriage or prison sex from a GOP contender so they can turn their undivided attention to the Republicans.

Let’s try something new: maintain message discipline, hold focus and keep an eye on a bigger objective than your daily press release, social media hits or email fundraising drops. This is about her, not us, so unless GOP elected and opinion leaders are smart and subtle, and execute with the right timing and tone, she wins. Try for once to play the long game and help Hillary Clinton take on water.

You can sense the Clintons are on the back foot; her now-infamous tweet and promises of transparency last week were nothing more than rehashed Clinton stalling tactics from the 1990s, when there were only a handful of media outlets and a relatively hermetic press culture. It was as stale as a faxed statement, three days late in the era of always-on social media. That won’t work today, if we’re smart. She’s blowing this; let’s help.

It’s vital to have a plan, to execute it with discipline and proceed against Clinton with a measured pace and tone. Speak more in sorrow than in anger. Don’t make it all about Benghazi (they’re expecting that) or the record-keeping laws (boring). Touch on those selectively, but focus instead on the grave national security risks that her amateur-hour email server shenanigan posed and more broadly what this says about the Clinton culture. Her team can yammer on about the legality of it all, her motivations or the traffic content, but the moment this becomes about the Chinese, Iranians, Russians or even just random hackers reading the email (classified or not) of the secretary of state, it’s a new ballgame.

I encourage you to use the smarmy D.C. construction of “I just want to work in a bipartisan way for good, transparent government and to protect national security secrets from the Chinese, Russians and other threats” that the Acela Media claims to worship. Republicans have heard the hard ideologues on the left use it a million times while grinding their teeth in frustration. Avoid making wild claims about either the substance or political outcomes of investigations. Reduce expectations, rather than raise them. Don’t let one single member of Congress or leader be the only face in the room; the Clintons love to demonize a single target, so vary your portfolio. Be persistent. Be serious. Be smart.",1
201,Cameron set to press Obama on tech encryption,"""I will veto a bill that comes to my desk and I will make this argument to the American people as to why I'm doing so,"" Obama said at a joint press conference with United Kingdom Prime Minister David Cameron, referencing a plan supported by some in his own party to increase sanctions on Iran through Congress before a deal is reached by international negotiators.

""My main message to Congress at this point is just hold your fire. Nobody around the world least of all the Iranians doubt my ability to get additional sanctions pass if these negotiations fail,"" Obama added later.

Cameron said he was also calling American senators and urging them not to pass additional sanctions.

The wide ranging joint press conference covered issues as global as the terror attacks in France to as Beltway as what Obama thinks about his one time opponent Mitt Romney considering another presidential bid (""No comment,"" Obama said while smiling).

Obama promised Friday to ""do everything in our power"" to assist France in their effort to combat terrorism in the wake of the attacks that killed at least 17 people across the country in the past week. ""We will continue to do everything in our power to help France seek the justice that is needed and that all our countries are working together seamlessly to prevent these attacks,"" Obama said. On Iran, Obama turned a question on whether he'd veto additional sanctions on Iran back on his counterparts in Congress -- including those in his own party. ""Why is it that we would have to take actions that would jeopardize the possibility of getting a nuclear deal over the next 60 or 90 days?"" Obama asked. Obama added later: ""I am not, repeat not, suggesting that we are on immediate war footing should negotiations with Iran fail."" RELATED: New Congress, new nuclear showdown over Iran In a departure from the physical threats posed by those who attacked Paris, Cameron and Obama announced Friday new cooperation on combating cyberattacks, including cyber ""war games"" designed to identify vulnerabilities in banking networks. Cameron is at the White House for bilateral talks expected to focus squarely on security after this month's terror attacks in Paris and growing fears of violent Islamic terror cells inside Europe. Cameron and Obama addressed reporters in a joint press conference after their meeting Friday. A British official said the two countries would establish ""cyber cells"" to share information and develop ""a system where countries and hostile states and hostile organisations know that they shouldn't attack us."" The move comes after high profile breaches at Sony Pictures and the U.S. Central Command, ramping up concern about online safety. British officials say Cameron flew to Washington with cyber issues at the front of mind. Cameron is worried that companies like Google, Facebook and Twitter are allowing terrorists to use their networks unseen by law enforcement. The companies say they have safeguards in place to ensure criminals and terrorists aren't allowed to communicate. Cameron told ITV in an interview that tech companies shouldn't provide a ""safe space"" for terrorists to communicate or plan attacks. The news conference will be the first time Obama is questioned about the Paris attacks, and his failure to attend a unity march held in the French capital last weekend. The White House says it was a mistake not to send a higher-profile administration official to the march.",1
2104,"Extreme weather to cause extreme food shortages, task force finds","Food shortages and price hikes caused by extreme weather will be three times more likely over the coming decades, according to a new report.

The U.K.-U.S. Taskforce on Extreme Weather and Global Food System Resilience found that unless better planning, modeling and trade arrangements are put in place, massive disruptions to our food supply — the kind that usually only occur once a century — will happen every 30 years.

Extreme weather in areas that produce our most important crops is largely the cause. A massive drought is already underway in California — the world's richest food-producing region — causing a loss of 30% of its cropland at a value of nearly $2 billion.

The U.S. isn’t alone in feeling the impact of extreme weather. Venezuela is undergoing beer shortages because of a heat wave. Violence has even struck food lines there.

Countries that are heavy grain importers will be the most vulnerable to severe food impacts, the task force reported. Egypt has even begun taking steps to thwart shocks to its food supply by boosting wheat production. Food protests and riots broke out there in 2008 when food prices rose sharply.

China is also taking preventative steps. Among other strategies to shore up supplies, it is securing agricultural production capacity in sub-Saharan Africa and elsewhere in the developing world.

The U.S. and European Union will likely be sheltered from widespread impacts because of strong economies and the ability to outbid other countries for food supplies, the report found. Still, it says global cooperation needs to happen to prevent large food shocks. That means policy and trade agreements that take into account sharing water resources and banning restrictions on certain staple crops.

Resiliency efforts are key to battling weather extremes and crop production. India, for example, is highly dependent on monsoon patterns for rainfall. Linked to those patterns is its agricultural system. A dramatic shift in weather could throw off productivity.

With a “Godzilla” of an El Nino event predicted for this coming winter season in the U.S., an extreme weather case study on food supplies could be on the horizon.

Steps should be taken now to prevent food problems in the future. The task force recommends five solutions:

• Countries with high vulnerability to global grain production shocks should take measures to reduce their exposure.

• Greater investments in agricultural research should be made to reverse losses in yield-gain and to improve food system efficiencies.

• Unsustainable withdrawals of ground water and any unnecessary uses of non-renewable energy should be stopped.

• Public-private partnerships, or cooperation between governments and businesses, should be fostered to lessen the potential impact of future global grain production shocks.

• Better resiliency efforts should be developed to reduce risks and manage the effects of storms and extreme weather events.

We often think of the immediate destruction that weather brings, whether through floods, wildfires, wind or snow. But the effects after the event can be just as serious. Food, shelter and water are the three basic prongs to survival, and all are coming under attack by extreme weather.

Thomas M. Kostigen is the founder of TheClimateSurvivalist.com and a New York Times best-selling author and journalist. He is the National Geographic author of ""The Extreme Weather Survival Guide: Understand, Prepare, Survive, Recover"" and the NG Kids book "" Extreme Weather: Surviving Tornadoes, Tsunamis, Hailstorms, Thundersnow, Hurricanes and More!"" Follow him @weathersurvival, or email kostigen@theclimatesurvivalist.com.",1
3527,San Bernardino divers reportedly pull object from water in evidence search,"An FBI dive team reportedly pulled an object from a San Bernardino lake Friday, seeking evidence pinpointing the motive and history of the attackers who killed more than a dozen people during a holiday party.

One diver handed the unknown item to an official wearing gloves, who put the object in a plastic bag, the Press-Enterprise reports.

Investigators are looking for a hard drive that may have been dumped in the lake, a law enforcement official briefed on the investigation told The Associated Press. David Bowdich, chief of the FBI's Los Angeles office, said investigative leads indicated the shooters had been in the area the day of the massacre and said the search of the lake could take days.

Fox News has learned that in 2012, one of the gunmen, Syed Farook, conspired with former neighbor Enrique Marquez, the man who purchased the rifles used in the deadly attack in San Bernardino on Dec. 2. The plot would have targeted the Los Angeles area.

It appeared the two were scared off the idea by the November 2012 arrests of four Southern California men attempting to travel to Afghanistan to wage holy war.

The small, urban lake is about 3 miles north of the shooting site.

Authorities say Farook and his wife, Tashfeen Malik, opened fire on his fellow San Bernardino County health inspectors during a holiday party, killing 14 people and wounding 22 others. The couple died hours later in a police shootout, leaving behind a 6-month-old daughter.

FBI Director James Comey has said Farook had been in communication with individuals who were being scrutinized by the FBI in terrorism investigations, but that the contact he had was not enough to bring him onto the law enforcement radar.

The FBI has interviewed hundreds of people and conducted searches looking for evidence. Bowdich says it's possible the agency will do neighborhood canvasses in the future, too.

Fox News' Adam Housley and The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
4443,Death of Saudi King Abdullah brings uncertain new era for US in Middle East,"The death of Saudi Arabia's King Abdullah early Friday has launched an uncertain new era for U.S. officials to negotiate amid the spreading influence of Iran and the ongoing battle to roll back gains made by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq and Syria.

A former U.S. diplomat close to the Saudi royal family told Fox News Thursday that the death of the 90-year-old King, along with this week's collapse of the U.S.-supported government in Yemen, was a ""worst-case scenario"" because it removed another obstacle to Iran expanding its reach in the region. The former diplomat said that Tehran's influence could now be seen in four Middle Eastern capitals -- Sana'a in Yemen, as well as Baghdad, Damascus, and to a lesser extent, Beirut.

Abdullah, a Sunni Arab, made one of the main priorities of his rule countering mainly Shiite Iran whenever it tried to make advances in the region. He also backed Sunni factions against Tehran's allies in several countries, but in Lebanon, for example, the policy failed to stop Iranian-backed Hezbollah from gaining the upper hand. And Tehran and Riyadh's colliding ambitions stoked proxy conflicts around the region that enflamed Sunni-Shiite hatreds — most notably and terribly in Syria's civil war, where the two countries backed opposing sides. Those conflicts in turn hiked Sunni militancy that returned to threaten Saudi Arabia.

With the death of Abdullah, decision-making in Riyadh is likely to be more cautious on issues like Iran and Syria, former U.S. diplomat Dennis Ross told the Wall Street Journal.

Citing Saudi officials, the paper reports that King Abdullah became less fond of the U.S. in the final years of his reign. The king repeatedly pushed Obama to lend stronger backing to the rebels against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, against whom he bore a personal animus, and was reportedly furious when airstrikes threatened against Damascus by Obama in the summer of 2013 did not come to pass.

The officials also said that the late king took a dim view of ongoing talks between the U.S. and Iran over the latter nation's nascent nuclear program, seeing it as a sign that Washington was more than willing to work behind its ally's back.

King Abdullah's death may also open up a bigger power vacuum in Riyadh than first believed. His successor, 79-year-old half-brother Prince Salman, had recently taken on some of the ailing Abdullah's responsibilities. However, the Journal reports that U.S. officials do not consider him to be a strong or healthy ruler in his own right, which raises the possibility that others in the royal family could come to the forefront.

The Journal reports that one of the first and biggest questions to face the Saudi king is what to do about the ongoing unrest in Yemen, where gains by Shiite Houthi rebels forced the resignation of the country's president and entire government Thursday.

There is also the question of what to do about the ongoing U.S.-led bombing campaign against the Islamic State, better known as ISIS. The late King Abdullah was so fearful of the group's growing power that he committed Saudi airpower to strike the Sunni insurgency.

Among the other decisions facing Salman is whether he will continue the country's ongoing strategy of increased levels of oil production. The country produced 9.6 million barrels a day in January, according to Platts, the energy information division of McGraw Hill. That's enough to satisfy 11 percent of global demand, despite a global price drop of nearly 60 percent since June.

The price of U.S. crude was up 88 cents, or 1.9 percent, to $47.19 a barrel in after-hours trading Thursday.

Fox News' Catherine Herridge and The Associated Press contributed to this report.

Click for more from The Wall Street Journal.",1
2372,Fact-checker takes Obama to task for gun claims,"President Obama is under fire from The Washington Post’s fact-checker over a series of recent far-fetched gun claims, including suggesting the country’s homicide rate is higher than that of other industrialized nations “by like a mile.”

The comments, made during a stop in South Carolina last week, earned the president three out of four ""Pinocchios"" -- the fact-checker's scale for measuring inaccuracy.

The first fact-check involved a comment Obama made -- at a town hall at South Carolina's Benedict College -- where he said, “What we have to recognize is, is that our homicide rates are so much higher than other industrial countries. I mean by like a mile.”

The president seemed to be telling students the U.S. had the highest homicide rate in the industrialized world, which isn’t true, according to the newspaper. According to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, the average homicide rate among the 36 countries is 4.1 per 100,000 people. Brazil tops the list with a homicide rate of 25.5. The U.S. and Chile tie for fourth. Both have a homicide rate of 5.2.

The president also told those attending the South Carolina event that “it’s easier for you to buy a handgun and clips than it is for you to buy a fresh vegetable.”

“This is just a very strange comment that appears to have no statistical basis,” the Washington Post wrote. The paper added that some of its readers suggested Obama was talking about the U.S. Department of Agriculture’s “food desert” locator, which identifies areas in the country where fresh vegetables are hard to buy.

The columnist acknowledged that some of the analysis in the fact-check ""turns on what the listener believes the president was trying to say.""

Finally, the fact-check took the president to task after he told students he was “not exaggerating “when he claimed lawmakers are backing plans that would allow firearms in kindergarten and machine guns in bars.

While some states like Georgia allow firearms to be carried into bars and restaurants, they do not allow machine guns in bars. And while there have been proposals floated to allow guns in schools – mainly college campuses – none of the proposals specifically address kindergarten.",1
2958,Obama's Remarks on 'Most Peaceful' World Ring Hollow in Dangerous Middle East,"JERUSALEM, Israel – The Bible speaks of a time when it would be said, ""Peace, peace, when there is no peace' (see Jer. 6:14). For some, that prophetic utterance took on new meaning Monday when the president began his lengthy speech in the northern German city of Hanover.

While Israel fights for recognition and justice in an increasingly hostile world, which sometimes envisions its destruction, President Obama says we're living in the most peaceful era in the history of humanity.

Meanwhile, Israeli Middle East commentator Ehud Yaari says ""Tehran's commitment to surrounding, besieging and eliminating the 'Zionist entity' has not changed, and countering this goal will require pushing back against Iranian advances in Iraq, Syria, Jordan and elsewhere,"" the Washington Institute reported.

And a smuggler at the Syrian-Turkish border told Buzzfeed that ISIS has deployed at least 4,000 fighters to Europe, while French and Belgian officials say the 5,000-plus Europeans who joined the Islamic State will bring terrorism with them when they return home.

But according to Obama, the world is experiencing the ""most peaceful, most prosperous, most progressive era in human history.""

""I want to begin with an observation that, given the challenges that we face in the world and the headlines we see every day, may seem improbable but it's true. We are fortunate to be living in the most peaceful, most prosperous, most progressive era in human history,"" he said.

The president went on to explain how the world is in much better shape than it's ever been.

""More people live in democracies, where they live wealthier and healthier and better educated with a global economy that has lifted up more than a billion people from extreme poverty and created new middle classes from the Americas to Africa to Asia,"" he continued.

And not only that, infant mortality is down, people live longer and tens of millions have been saved from disease. And in a more tolerant world, gays and lesbians have more opportunities, he said.

According to Obama, it's a good time to be alive. Most anyone, he said, would choose to born today than at any other time in the history of the world. It is also a time that ""we need to integrate Muslims.""

""I want you to remember that our countries are stronger, they're more secure and more successful when we integrate people of all backgrounds and faiths and make them feel as one. And that includes our fellow citizens who are Muslim,"" he said.

The president's eloquent words may ring hollow to the millions in the Middle East and Africa whose family members have been slain, their homes confiscated, their children kidnapped and sold as sex slaves, and to the tens of thousands of refugees flooding European shores.

According to the Bible, Israel is at the core of many events unfolding in the world today. Biblical prophecies foretold thousands of years ago are coming to pass in our lifetimes.

The Bible admonishes us to pray for the peace of Jerusalem (Psalm 122:6), the capital of the Jewish nation-state, and to give Him no rest until He makes Jerusalem a praise in the earth.

""I have set watchmen on your walls, O Jerusalem; They shall never hold their peace day or night. You who make mention of the Lord, do not keep silent and give Him no rest till He establishes and till He makes Jerusalem a praise in the earth. (Is. 1:6-7)

That's why it behooves us to understand today's headlines through a biblical perspective.",1
1440,John Kasich wooing Iowans mostly from New Hampshire,"John Kasich was killing it with these Iowa voters.

He bantered with Larry, a Coralville voter, about the University of Iowa's hot hoops team. Iowa had better take advantage of Ohio State University, he said. ""Our basketball team is down this year.""

Kasich’s signature down-home small talk over, Larry asked the Republican presidential candidate if he supports the Renewable Fuel Standard’s requirement that gas contain a certain amount of ethanol, much of it made from Iowa corn. Kasich supports the existing law.

“You keep going,” Larry told Kasich, calling him ""Johnny."" “If you’re ever in the great state of Iowa and you’re close, we’ll come and wave to ya.”

That’s right: Kasich was talking to Larry, and more than 12,000 other Iowa voters, in a telephone town-hall meeting Thursday night. Kasich was calling from the other early-voting state: New Hampshire.

Kasich is polling at just less than 3% in Iowa ahead of the Feb. 1 caucuses, putting him in ninth, according to the RealClearPolitics rolling average of recent polls. Talk among the Kasich team of a possible top-five finish has faded.

While other candidates have swarmed Iowa this month, Kasich has appeared just twice: Jan. 4 in West Des Moines and Jan. 10 in Council Bluffs. He plans Iowa visits this week in the Quad Cities, Des Moines and Cedar Rapids, but he's not scheduled to be in Iowa on caucus day.

Instead, he’s taking his town-hall game in person to New Hampshire. Ahead of the Feb. 9 primary, he's in a tight battle with Texas Sen. Ted Cruz and Florida Sen. Marco Rubio for second place. Finishing just behind poll-leading Donald Trump, he hopes, could propel him to prominence among establishment Republicans leery of Trump and Cruz, who are topping national surveys.

His approach, Kasich and his advisers say, has its roots in reality: It’s next to impossible to win both contests, so they're focusing on the state where they have the best shot. The same candidate has won both the Iowa caucus and the New Hampshire primary only once in the last seven contested GOP elections: 1976, the first year Iowa Republicans kicked off the nation’s voting.

“I wish I had more time for Iowa,” Kasich said in an interview Wednesday on his campaign bus in New Hampshire. “When we go, we get such good response, so it’s tempting to keep going back. It’s time management. It’s nothing against the folks in Iowa.”

The Iowa tele-town halls — Kasich has held three — have helped some. On Thursday night, people dropped in and out of the conversation, with as many as 4,375 participants at any time, data from the vendor show. The average participant spent a whopping 32 minutes on the hour-long call, up from 15 minutes and eight minutes in the previous calls. Some Iowans, at least, are interested in Kasich.

He told participants on the phone call that he’d appreciate any boost he can get from their caucus votes.

What about caucusgoers who worry about “throwing away” their votes on a low-polling candidate?

“I vote for the person that I like. I don’t worry about throwing away my vote. I vote for the person who can do a good job,” Kasich said in the interview.

In the tele-town halls, Iowans get a taste of the same Kasich they’d see in person — minus the teal puffy coat he’s been wearing this winter, the national debt ticker that decorates his town-hall meetings and the blue bus carting him through the New Hampshire snow.

With Kasich, voters get an hour of folksy explanations of complicated policies, plus exhortations to take care of each other, seek a personal purpose, become part of something bigger than themselves.

He also makes jokes that make fun of audience members, or himself, or the presidential process. He drops names. (He’s friends with John McCain, who twice won the New Hampshire primaries. He got Leonardo DiCaprio’s autograph for his daughters at a restaurant this month.)

He sometimes interrupts questioners or finishes their queries for them.

“My mind works very fast, you know, and there’s things that they say that trigger something that I can’t wait to tell them,” he said in the interview. “I’m really not trying to cut anybody off, and I’m certainly not trying to show them any disrespect, but — can’t we just kind of get to it? I’m just bursting to tell them.”

Rushad Thomas walked right into a Kasich joke Monday night at a town hall in Lebanon, New Hampshire.

“I think immigration is a good thing, because our population is getting very old-people heavy,” Thomas, 26, said to the audience, which was also very “old-people heavy,” since the event was at a senior center.

Then, Thomas launched into his question:

Kasich almost never travels with his wife, Karen, and 16-year-old twin daughters, Reese and Emma. He says he wants to be careful how much exposure the twins receive.

And although he has women working on his campaign — his campaign manager is Beth Hansen, his former gubernatorial chief of staff — his traveling staff and advisers are all men.

“Sometimes this bus is like being in a fraternity house, you know?” Kasich said in the interview. “I would rather have a situation where we could bring more women in, but on this bus, it’s just guys, you know? It’s not ideal. But there’s only a couple of people that I talk to really, really seriously, and Beth is one of them.”

Kasich’s family joined him Monday and Tuesday in New Hampshire. His daughters told voters Kasich was the most loving, caring and experienced GOP candidate — and “the only one I’d feel comfortable with,” Reese said.

Once, in Lebanon, Kasich teased Reese for wanting to attend college at an art school in London.

“What kind of school is that?” he said, to chuckles. After some back and forth, she finally agreed to give him a hug. “If I was making fun of you, I’m sorry,” he said. “But I wasn’t. We all need to laugh at ourselves.”

It wasn’t his finest parenting moment. So he did what parents do. “She didn’t like that, and I actually had to apologize to her,” he said in the interview.

Without his daughters on the campaign trail, Kasich lights up whenever he sees a child. He read a Thomas the Tank Engine book to a family of toddlers in the middle of a town-hall meeting, asking the children what noise a cow makes.

“You said it like a goat!” a voter shouted.

New Hampshire voters who see Kasich often say they believe he’ll “get things done” in Washington, D.C. They cite his down-home style and his blue-collar upbringing.

“I know he’s not in the top three” nationally, said Paul Plater, a 67-year-old from Hillsboro who is retired from the Army Corps of Engineers. “He’d get my vote. He’s going to be up there in the top three by the end.”

On the tele-town hall Thursday, political director Jeff Polesovsky asked the Iowa callers: Would you consider caucusing for Kasich?

Press 1, he said, if he’s your first choice. Press 2 to say I’m considering him. Press 3 for no. Press 4 if you’re undecided.

“How about 5 for: ‘What, are you out of your mind?’ ” Kasich cracked. “You gotta have a little fun, folks. Everything is not a root canal!”",1
4684,Why Trump's talk of a rigged vote is so dangerous,"The Republican presidential nominee's claim that the election is being rigged against him represents the most outlandish moment yet in a campaign devoted to dismantling political norms.

Trump might not be the first candidate to feel nefarious forces are moving to keep him from the White House -- presidential elections have occasionally been disputed after votes are counted and have often been marred by accusations of dark instruments of fraud, such as the dead casting votes.

But Trump's claim three weeks before Election Day -- as many voters are already going to the polls -- that the race is being being deliberately stacked against him by a fearful political establishment flies in the face of historical precedent. And should he lose, it threatens the legitimacy of those left to govern after the most anarchic election in modern history.

""Remember, we are competing in a rigged election,"" Trump said at a Wisconsin rally Monday night. ""They even want to try and rig the election at the polling booths, where so many cities are corrupt and voter fraud is all too common.""

His accusations alone, experts say, could inflict long-standing damage on the US political system itself by eroding trust in the probity of the electoral process.

Ever since a weary George Washington rode home to Mount Vernon in 1797, American democracy has rested on a cherished principle: the transfer of power from an outgoing president to a successor widely seen as legitimate.

""The most important thing in the system is that the winners win and the losers lose,"" said Mark Braden, former chief counsel of the Republican National Committee. ""Almost as important as that is that the rational people that support the loser believes that the winner won.""

One of Trump's GOP primary rivals, Florida Sen. Marco Rubio, rejected Trump's claims that the election is being ""rigged.""

Trump's accusations come as his campaign slips further behind Democrat Hillary Clinton three weeks from Election Day, prompting him to deal in ever more conspiratorial claims that shield him from culpability in his own fate. And there is every sign that his most loyal supporters accept his warnings that a ""horror show"" is taking place and that the election could be ""stolen.""

History has seen accusations of election-swaying before, from John F. Kennedy's henchmen allegedly cheating Richard Nixon out of the presidency in 1960 to the infamous hanging chads of the Florida recount in 2000. But Trump's repeated claims that the election is already being rigged are the electoral equivalent of the nuclear option.

Essentially, he is saying in advance that the election is illegitimate rather than challenging the results after signs of wrongdoing once the votes are counted.

""History is replete with illegal things going on during elections, but at this point in the 21st Century, to make the grandiose statement like Trump is -- that the election is rigged is bogus -- it is anti-democratic spirit, it is anti-American at its core,"" said CNN historian Douglas Brinkley from Rice University on CNN's ""New Day"" on Monday.

Ohio's Republican Secretary of State Jon Husted told CNN's Carol Costello on Monday that his state makes it easy to vote but hard to cheat.

""I can assure Donald Trump that I am in charge of elections in Ohio, and they're not going to be rigged. I'll make sure of that,"" Husted said.

But Trump has been long been warning that the election could be stacked against him.

He claimed that the Republican primary race could be rigged against him, and used the idea that he and his followers were being persecuted by the political establishment as a device to motivate his political base.

He has returned to the theme of a venomous Washington political establishment rigging the vote on and off for weeks. He claimed in West Palm Beach on Thursday that the media was in lock-step with Clinton's campaign as part of a global conspiracy by fearful elites to make her president.

But his accusations hit a new intensity late last week and over the weekend.

""The election is absolutely being rigged by the dishonest and distorted media pushing Crooked Hillary - but also at many polling places - SAD"" Trump tweeted on Sunday.

""Of course there is large scale voter fraud happening on and before election day. Why do Republican leaders deny what is going on? So naive!"" Trump added on Monday.

Trump has also raised doubts about the integrity of the election in the crucial swing state of Pennsylvania, and has several times urged supporters to show up at polling places to ensure no fraud is perpetrated -- an order that appears to risk voter intimidation.

But Trump ally Rudolph Giuliani, the former mayor of New York City, said on CNN's ""State of the Union"" on Sunday that he would have to be a ""moron"" to assume that there would be no electoral fraud in Democratic-run cities like Philadelphia and Chicago.

Yet there's no actual evidence that Trump's claims about 2016 are true, and the billionaire has certainly not provided any suggesting a massive fraud -- unknown in US history -- is under way.

""We have had corruption in the 19th century ... there have been controversies when elections were contested and decided in Congress, such as in 1824,"" said Princeton University history professor Julian Zelizer, referring to a vote ultimately decided by the House of Representatives. The presidency was awarded to John Quincy Adams after none of the four candidates won a majority of the electoral votes.

""But it is virtually impossible in 2016 to rig an entire election,"" Zelizer said. ""It is decentralized, it's fragmented, and there is very little evidence that this could happen.""

Several recent academic and government studies have also shown infinitesimal levels of electoral fraud, despite claims by Republicans that it is widespread -- an effort liberals say is part of a widespread campaign to restrict poll access that could disproportionately disqualify minority voters who tend to back Democrats.

Meanwhile, pressure is rising on key Republicans to repudiate Trump's claims.

House Speaker Paul Ryan released a statement through a spokeswoman on Saturday saying that he is fully confident ""the states will carry out this election with integrity.""

But neither Ryan, nor Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, have spoken out in person.

For fraud to take place, Republican officials who are in charge of the voting systems in swing states like Ohio, Florida, Iowa and North Carolina would have to turn a blind eye towards conduct designed to keep their own party nominee from the presidency -- or participate in doing so.

Trump's own running mate, Indiana Gov. Mike Pence, appeared to split with his partner on Sunday. ""We will absolutely accept the results of the election,"" he said on NBC's ""Meet the Press.""

On Monday, however, he suggested that irregularities were a real problem and embraced Trump's notion that the media elite are an extension of the Clinton campaign and therefore also part of the hoodwinking.

Given that Trump has branded himself in politics, business and life as the ultimate winner, the prospect of a crushing defeat in November on the grandest stage must be a bitter one. So pre-spinning a possible defeat may represent a face-saving way out.

""He is hedging himself against a loss: If he does lose, he can say that is a fraud,"" said Jessica Lavariega-Monforti, chair of the Department of Politics at Pace University, New York.

He might also think a close election is likely and is laying the groundwork for a legal challenge.

Much now depends on whether Trump pulls off a come-from-behind victory, in which case he will presumably withdraw his accusations of fraud, or claims that a loss is the product of widespread electoral fraud -- charges that could prompt many Americans to view a Clinton presidency as illegitimate.

But should he have second thoughts and choose to fall into line with historical precedent in the dying moments of his campaign, he has plenty of examples to look to.

In 1960, Nixon chose not to challenge the result even though some advisors wanted him to, reasoning that he could damage his own political future and that the fate of the nation was on the line.

""I want Senator Kennedy to know ... and I want all of you to know, that certainly if this trend does continue, and he does become our next president, that he will have my wholehearted support,"" Nixon told supporters on election night.

In 2000, after the Supreme Court closed off his last hope of claiming Florida and a majority of Electoral College votes after a bitter, weeks-long fight, Vice President Al Gore conceded to George W. Bush with grace.

""Almost a century and a half ago, Sen. Stephen Douglas told Abraham Lincoln, who had just defeated him for the presidency, 'Partisan feeling must yield to patriotism. I'm with you, Mr. President, and God bless you.' "" Gore said.

""Well, in that same spirit, I say to President-elect Bush that what remains of partisan rancor must now be put aside, and may God bless his stewardship of this country,"" Gore said.

The question now, after a deeply rancorous election that has cleaved partisan divides ever deeper, is whether either Trump or Clinton could summon those words about each other three weeks from Tuesday.",1
3184,Secretive GOP Group Targets Trump for Destruction,A woman who got fired after two days of working with Scott Walker - a wacko - now trying to raise funds to fight me.,1
2887,The Fantasy of a Better Iran Deal,"Some are insisting on a “better deal” than the framework nuclear agreement reached with Iran on April 2. But the idea of a better deal is a chimera, an illusory option, and it should not lull us into thinking there is another agreement to be had if only we were to bear down harder. The present agreement, which depends on important pieces to be resolved by the end of June, can substantially reduce the ability of Iran to develop a nuclear weapon over the next ten years or more and also creates a dynamic that could be a game changer in the combustible Middle East.

Senator Mark Kirk has postponed a vote on the Iran sanctions bill he wrote with Senator Robert Menendez, possibly until June 30. This is a constructive step, avoiding an action that would undercut negotiations toward a final agreement. But we need to keep the sanctions issue in mind because it is inextricably intertwined with the same calls for a better deal emanating from people in Congress, Israel, and other critics. No one can argue that a better agreement wouldn’t be better—3,000 Iranian centrifuges is better than 5,000; a 20-year deal is better than 10. The tough question is: How do you get there? Putting aside what the Iranians might do in response to additional pressure—dig in deeper, speed up their program–and looking just at our side of the equation, the notion of a better deal is unachievable.

Here is why. According to critics, seeking a better deal starts with increasing sanctions on Iran. If tough sanctions brought them to the table, tougher sanctions will bring them to their knees. At some point their economy will be in tatters from the intensified sanctions, and they will be forced to return to the bargaining table and agree to better deal. With a closer look, however, this scenario unravels.

First, it is highly unlikely that even our allies in Europe would join us in further sanctions against Iran in the wake of a nuclear agreement they believe is sensible and positive. That is even truer for other countries—like India, Japan, South Korea and China—that were pulled into the existing sanctions regime quite unwillingly. The support of these countries for the oil sanctions in particular has been critical to the sanctions’ effectiveness. They will not willingly sign up for more.

Second, if a deal falls through, it is likely that the existing multilateral sanctions regime will begin to crumble. As noted, countries like India and South Korea, who don’t feel threatened by an Iran nuclear weapon, will be only too happy to find a pretext to break out of the sanctions—perhaps tentatively at first but in a rush as others do. It will be hard to argue the rationale for sanctions, which, from the perspective of nearly every nation, will have achieved their purpose—bringing Iran to the table to negotiate serious limitations on its nuclear program.

Indeed, the proponents of tougher sanctions to get a “better” deal have misunderstood the nature of the Iranian sanctions. The fact is that the United States does not own or control the multilateral sanctions regime. The effectiveness of the sanctions is based on how the international community views the perceived threat and therefore the legitimacy of coercive actions to stop it.

Third, those who seek a better deal through tougher sanctions argue that we don’t necessarily need international support. The United States could unilaterally enact sanctions that have extraterritorial reach, as we already have done with a number of Congressional measures since 2010. The proposition is that we will to some degree deny foreign companies access to the larger, more important American market, if they choose to do business with Iran.

However, the context has entirely changed since the Comprehensive Iran Sanctions Act was passed in 2010. New extraterritorial sanctions would be directed against an Iran that has reached an agreement on its nuclear program with major world powers. The rest of the world generally detests our assertion of authority involving foreign companies in foreign countries. Here, for example, we would seek to close the U.S. market to Germany’s BMW if they sold cars to Iran or Japan’s Sony if it sold in Iran. If Congress imposed sanctions in spite of a nuclear agreement reached with Iran by major powers, the international community—except for a few countries—would believe those sanctions to be illegitimate. In this context, it is hard to imagine the U.S. government moving ahead with major sanctions proceedings against many of our friends and allies.

So, as we discuss and debate the merits of this framework agreement, and a final agreement that may follow, let’s recognize that this is the agreement we will have—not some imagined alternative. In my judgment, if the next stage of negotiations succeeds, the framework that emerged this week lays the groundwork for a strong and effective agreement.

The framework does not—nor by itself is it likely to—fundamentally alter the other threats Iran poses in the region, including its ongoing efforts to exert control in Damascus, Beirut, Baghdad and Sanaa, and its continuing threat to Israel. That is why it is important to embed this agreement in a regional strategy that bolsters concrete cooperation with our friends in the region and reassures them that we are there for the long haul. President Obama’s summit with regional partners at Camp David will be an important opportunity to look not only at the hot spots, but at the bigger picture.

The Iran nuclear agreement is important not despite other troubles in the region but because of them. Each challenge would be more difficult and dangerous if Iran’s nuclear program was unconstrained and unmonitored, let alone if Iran were to develop a nuclear weapon and spark others in the region to follow. Under the agreement that is emerging, we will have a high degree of confidence—as will others in the region—that Iran’s nuclear program is seriously constrained. Walling off the nuclear threat does not extinguish the fires that are burning in the region. But it does remove what would be the most combustible fuel.

There is no second bite at this apple. This is a good deal. We should not be distracted by talk of a better one.

Enacting new, tough sanctions in an effort to force Iran toward a “better” deal would mystify and alarm the rest of the world, isolating and weakening us. Such sanctions would crumble under their own weight —amounting to, as Shakespeare said, “sound and fury, signifying nothing.”",1
2610,Netanyahu’s contempt for President Obama,"It would not surprise me if, at the next Republican National Convention, Benjamin Netanyahu took a seat in the delegates-from-abroad section. The Israeli leader has both allied and associated himself with congressional Republicans who differ with President Obama over whether to impose additional sanctions on Iran and who also — let’s not beat around the bush — hate his guts. Their foreign policy is actually a domestic one: to destroy the president.

Whether this is political or personal — or a combination of the two — is beside the point. Whatever the case, when Netanyahu accepted John Boehner’s invitation to address a joint session of Congress in March, he did so without informing the White House. Boehner, too, bypassed the White House. As a result, Netanyahu will come and go and not meet with the president.

Boehner insists that, as speaker of the House, he has the standing to issue an invitation to a foreign leader on his own. That’s debatable. He is, after all, elected by the Republican caucus, not by the full House and not, significantly, by the American people. He knew what this invitation would look like. This is high school stuff, a stunt unworthy of even Newt Gingrich.

I stand with the president on this sanctions matter. Additional sanctions may drive the Iranians from the table. The Europeans may go with them. Let’s give the talks some more time.

I stand with Netanyahu in worrying about a president who has been awfully twitchy in his foreign policy. His faux threat to take Syria to task if it used chemical weapons in its civil war — the famous “red line” — turned out to be a red-faced embarrassment. It has cost Obama much more than it cost Bashar al-Assad.

But what concerns me most is how Netanyahu threatens to harm the bipartisan understanding and support of Israel. The prime minister has never been able to hide his disdain for Obama. In May 2011, he made Obama squirm before the TV cameras as he lectured him about Middle East matters in the Oval Office. It was, simply, no way to treat the president of the United States.

Accepting Boehner’s invitation sent the same message of contempt. I know Netanyahu sees the Iranian nuclear program as an existential threat to Israel, but that does not excuse his boorish manners. I am an ardent supporter of Israel, but I am also an American: Do not insult my president!

My feelings, however, are immaterial. What matters above all is the possibility that support of Israel will become a partisan political issue in the United States. It may come as a surprise, but Zionism was once beloved by the American and European left. (The British Labour Party even supported transferring Palestinians out of what is now Israel — a policy that changed once Labour got to govern.) Now, though, the European left has abandoned Israel, adoring the Palestinian cause with a striking naivete.

The American left is not quite as robustly anti-Israel, but the trend is unmistakable. Even some American Jews — especially the younger generation — are either cooler toward Israel or indifferent. The Holocaust has faded as an emotional rallying point, and with both an intermarriage rate well over 50 percent and a declining population, the American Jewish community is both contracting and, inevitably, losing clout. For many young Jews as well as non-Jews, Israel’s right-wing government is hardly attractive. It’s been many years since Harry Belafonte sang “Hava Nagila.”

A generation of Americans who support gay rights, same-sex marriage and reproductive freedom and who fear global warming are going to wonder about an Israeli prime minister who embraces a speaker of the House who personifies all they loathe. Israel should not become yet another right-wing issue, joining such bizarre causes as the right to pollute the atmosphere or to turn millions of immigrants into fugitives.

Going back to the very formation of the state, Israel has enjoyed deep bipartisan support in America — neither a Republican nor Democratic issue. There’s no mystery here. Israel is a democracy, a beleaguered one at that, whose creation is yet another desert miracle. Its cinematic virtues are manifest. It’s a great story.

Now, though, some damage has been done. Netanyahu will come and speak to Congress and make his case — the one he has made time and time again — for additional sanctions on Iran. But if, in the end, action needs to be taken against Iran, Israel will need the support of all Americans. He has, with his impetuousness and contempt, made that harder to get.",1
2288,Meet The Couples Fighting To Make Marriage Equality The Law Of The Land,"On April 28, the Supreme Court will hear arguments in Obergefell v. Hodges, named for Ohio resident Jim Obergefell, who wants to be listed as the surviving spouse on his husband's death certificate. Obergefell married his partner of 20 years, John Arthur, aboard a medical jet in 2013, while Arthur was suffering from ALS. Arthur passed away in October of that year, three months after the couple filed their lawsuit.

""The decision to file suit -- I know from John's perspective -- it was a way for him to say, 'Thank you, Jim. You've given me 20 years. The past couple of years have been pretty awful with ALS, and this is something I can do to thank you, to protect you and to just let you know once again, how much I love you.' And I can think of no better reason to be going to the Supreme Court than to remember that and honor that,"" Obergefell said recently, during a moving speech at the Human Rights Campaign's headquarters.

Obergefell is joined by several dozen other gay plaintiffs from a number of states who are fighting both to be able to marry the person they love and to have their marriage recognized in every state in the country.

For Greg Bourke and Michael DeLeon, it began at Fauver Law Office, a small firm that operates out of a house in Louisville, Kentucky. In July 2013, the couple filed a lawsuit with the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Kentucky to have their marriage recognized by the Commonwealth of Kentucky. Bourke and DeLeon wed in Canada in 2004, but have not been able to receive the same benefits that heterosexual married couples get in their state.

Shannon Fauver and Dawn Elliott, the two attorneys who originally handled Bourke and DeLeon's case, said it was tough to find plaintiffs who were ready to face all the publicity that comes with such a prominent role. They said many were concerned about how the proceedings would affect their children and family members.

""I thought it would be a whole lot easier to find people who were willing to be involved in the litigation,"" said Elliott. ""But we had to sell it to the plaintiffs in order for them to be involved in this.""

As the cases became increasingly high-profile, more groups signed on to help win the right to marriage equality. In Kentucky, for example, the plaintiffs are now being represented not only by Fauver, but also by the Louisville firm of Clay Daniel Walton and Adams PLC, the American Civil Liberties Union and the Stanford Law School Supreme Court Litigation Clinic.

""The stories of these families, and others all across America, are the reason public opinion is changing so rapidly on marriage,"" said James Esseks, director of the ACLU's Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender and HIV Project. ""These are just regular parents who want the best for their kids. Marriage will help both them and their children.""

Michigan's contribution to the Obergefell suit revolves around just one couple, April DeBoer and Jayne Rowse. Their 2012 lawsuit originally made no mention of gay marriage, and was instead aimed at changing state law so they could both be recognized as legal parents to their four adopted children. The couple only switched course after a federal judge invited them to expand their challenge to target the state constitution's ban on same-sex marriage.

Dana Nessel, an attorney for the couple, said the judge's recommendation was just one of a series of surprises. For a small legal team with little funding, she said, the last three years have been tough, though ultimately rewarding.

The Michigan case is unique both in the way it originated and because it was sent to a full trial, according to Jay Kaplan, staff attorney for the LGBT project at the Michigan chapter of the ACLU. He said that holding a trial gave Rowse and DeBoer's attorneys the opportunity to present expert testimony and cross-examine the defendants' witnesses.

""This is the right time [for marriage equality] -- politically, socially, legally,"" said Laura Landenwich, an attorney with Clay Daniel Walton and Adams PLC, during a recent interview at the firm's office. ""Everything is in place for them to rule in our favor. And I will make the prediction that if we lose, that opinion will get reversed later on. It will be viewed at some point as a mistake.""",1
412,GOP’s demonic new crusade: Right-wing zealots look for even crueler ways to treat the poor like garbage,"Happy Memorial Day! But if you’re in Wisconsin, and relying on food stamps, remember that Republicans don’t want you to have ketchup on your hamburger. They’d probably rather you didn’t have a hamburger at all, but Wisconsin farmers and ranchers have clout, and so proposed cuts to the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program made room for Wisconsin products. But they still don’t want you to have “crab, lobster, shrimp, or any other shellfish.” Or ketchup. Or spaghetti sauce. Really.

For now, that’s all grandstanding. SNAP is a federal program, and the Obama administration hasn’t allowed states to restrict food purchases that way. But that hasn’t stopped GOP legislators from trying. Maine and Missouri want to ban SNAP “junk food” purchases. Wisconsin and 16 other states are also trying to drug test recipients.

And Wisconsin has nothing on Brownbackistan, I mean Kansas. The state has already outlawed the use of Temporary Assistance for Needy Families program debit cards at a range of businesses, including movie theaters, college sports games (?) and cruise ships. (There goes the welfare cruise ship business!) Kansas TANF recipients also are unable to withdraw more than $25 a day from their accounts. That means to withdraw $100, they’ll pay five bank fees (since ATMs only dispense $20s). Banks win, the poor lose.

All this is happening against the backdrop of GOP policy failure. We’ve had a 30-plus year experiment in Republican approaches to the problems of poverty and declining economic opportunity – and it’s turned out abysmally. Ronald Reagan convinced a lot of people that “we fought a war on poverty, and poverty won,” so Democrats came together with Republicans and slashed the largest welfare program for families with children, first in the states, then federally. Bill Clinton signed the federal bill into law, thinking he could get the issue of the lazy poor behind him, and then concentrate on the supports low-wage workers might need to climb.

Of course, Clinton never completed that part of his agenda; he got distracted by the GOP witch hunt known as impeachment. Republicans still didn’t want to make friends even after Clinton gave them punitive welfare reform; go figure.

Then George W. Bush became president, and we got a lesson in the way tax cuts create jobs – as in, they don’t. In eight years of the Clinton administration, which raised top tax rates, 23 million jobs were created, compared with 3 million in the eight low-tax Bush years. It might be time to try a whole new approach to fighting poverty – raising the minimum wage; strengthening workers’ ability to bargain; investing in infrastructure to shore up our roads, bridges and rail system but also to create jobs; expanding access to college. Instead, red state GOP legislators are pushing ever crueler ways to treat the poor like garbage. Sam Brownback’s Kansas is becoming an ever more awful dystopia. It’s an absolute laboratory for tax-cutting, welfare-slashing schemes, and it’s circling the drain economically. Scott Walker is an amateur compared to Brownback, but he’s working hard to make sure Wisconsin ties Kansas for the most dysfunctional economy. The Wisconsin GOP’s bogus health claims for the SNAP cuts are belied, the Huffington Post observes, by the fact that the amended law now allows the purchase of any and all dairy products, thanks to the power of the state’s dairy lobby.  Theoretically, a SNAP recipient could spent the whole month’s allotment on “Dippin’ Dots,” one legislator notes. “The ‘ice cream of the future’ is now on the list of what’s acceptable to pay for, but a bottle of ketchup is not,” he noted. But of course this isn’t about the keeping the poor healthy; it’s about punishing them. The fact that the cuts almost certainly won’t be enacted makes them more cynical, in a way. This is how you tell the Kochs, and scared white people, that the slackers and moochers are being punished. It accomplishes nothing, but it’s good politically. That’s still the core premise of Republican politics, and it will remain so through the 2016 election, at least.",1
1673,Ben Carson vs. Ben Carson,"Killing Obama administration rules, dismantling Obamacare and pushing through tax reform are on the early to-do list.",1
1458,"Carson, GOP White House candidates critical of Obama’s Syria plan for 50 Special Ops troops","Republican White House candidates on Sunday criticized President Obama’s plan to deploy 50 Special Operations troops in Syria to fight the Islamic State terror group.

“Sending 50 American Special Forces into Syria in the eyes of ISIL shows that Obama is not all in,” candidate and South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham said on “Fox News Sunday.” “It is a sign of weakness to ISIL. They have sized Obama up and they think he's weak.”

Graham, a defense hawk and Armed Services Committee member, argued that such a small group will have “no chance of winning” the fight to destroy the Islamic State, whose recent and unexpected rise has resulted in the militant group occupying large swatches of Iraq and Syria.

He downplayed the possibility of a clash between U.S. forces and Russian forces in Syria, sent to protect the regime of Syrian President Bashar Assad.

“There may be some potential,” said Graham, who has advocated for sending more troops to the region to battle the Islamic State. “But I see Russia and Iran mopping the floor with Obama ... . Russia is all in with Iran to support Assad.”

The White House’s announcement Friday to deploy the non-combat troops comes roughly two years after Obama vowed that he would not put “American boots on the ground in Syria.""

White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest argued the move is not a change in strategy, only an “intensification” of the president’s plan to help local forces fight the terror group.

Ben Carson, another GOP presidential candidate, said Sunday that he supports Obama's plan in part but that it fails to go far enough.

“I think that’s a move in the right direction ... certainly in terms of helping to guide what the Air Force is doing,” he told ABC’s “This Week.” “But I think that that's only a small part of it. We need to have a much bigger plan when it comes to battling the global jihadist because they have big ideals.”

Carson, a first-time candidate, said that if elected he would address Russian President Vladimir Putin’s efforts in Syria and that the United States should establish a “no-fly” zone in the region.

This is not the first criticism of Obama’s most recent decision.

On Saturday, GOP contender Donald Trump also suggested the move was a half-measure.

""I think we have a president who just doesn't know what he's doing,"" Trump told CNN before a campaign stop in Norfolk, Va. “You either do it or you don't do it.”

However, Trump, also a first-time candidate, declined to say whether he would deploy more troops to Syria.",1
3387,Iran nuclear talks reportedly hit snag over lifting of sanctions as Obama makes appeal to Iran's people,"A dispute over when international sanctions against Iran would be lifted following a potential nuclear agreement reportedly is the latest issue to bog down negotiations.

According to The Wall Street Journal, Iran's negotiators say that sanctions must be lifted almost immediately after a deal is concluded. U.S. and European diplomats, for their part, hold that sanctions should only be lifted once Tehran accounts for its past nuclear activity and is confirmed to be using nuclear energy for peaceful means by the United Nations' nuclear watchdog.

One European diplomat was quoted by the Journal as saying there was ""no way"" Western negotiators would budge from their position, which the diplomat said the Iranians considered a ""deal-breaker. They don't want it at all.""

Amid the dispute, officials from Iran and the U.S. reportedly said Friday that talks will resume next week.

According to the Journal, both sides believe that the U.S. and European Union can lift some of the sanctions each has unilaterally imposed on Iran's energy and finance sectors. However, the issue of lifting sanctions imposed by the U.N. is more complex and according to negotiators, is likely to take years, not weeks or months, to accomplish.

For its part, the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) says that Iran has failed to turn over key documents about its nuclear program, and has also denied access to scientists and nuclear sites.

Both sides are working to meet a March 31 deadline to construct the framework of a permanent agreement. The final deadline for all the details to be worked out is June 30. On Thursday, U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and his Iranian counterpart, Foreign Minister Javad Zarif met face-to-face for the fourth straight day in Lausanne, Switzerland.

The Associated Press reported late Thursday that elements of a draft deal had been agreed that would commit Iran to a 40 percent cut in the number of machines it could use to make an atomic bomb. In return, the Iranians would get quick relief from some crippling economic sanctions and a partial lift of a U.N. embargo on conventional arms.

Officials told the AP that the tentative deal imposes at least a decade of new limits on the number of centrifuges Iran can operate to enrich uranium, a process that can lead to nuclear weapons-grade material. The sides are zeroing in on a cap of 6,000 centrifuges, officials said, down from the 6,500 they spoke of in recent weeks.

That's also fewer than the 10,000 such machines Tehran now runs, yet substantially more than the 500 to 1,500 that Washington originally wanted as a ceiling. Only a year ago, U.S. officials floated 4,000 as a possible compromise.

It's unclear how complete the draft is. Iran's deeply buried underground enrichment plant remains a problem, officials said, with Washington demanding the facility be repurposed and Tehran insisting it be able to run hundreds of centrifuges there. Iran says it wants to use the machines for scientific research; the Americans fear they could be quickly retooled for enrichment.

A planned heavy water reactor will be re-engineered to produce much less plutonium than originally envisioned, relieving concerns that it could be an alternative pathway to a bomb. U.S. officials believe they can extend the time Tehran would need to produce a nuclear weapon to at least a year. Right now, Iran would require only two to three months to amass enough material to make a bomb.

President Barack Obama appealed directly to Iranian citizens in a message commemorating Nowruz, the Persian New Year.

""Our negotiations have made progress, but gaps remain,"" Obama said Thursday in a video message posted online.

""If Iran's leaders can agree to a reasonable deal, it can lead to a better path — the path of greater opportunities for the Iranian people,"" he said.

The pressure in Congress on the administration over Iran remained intense, with the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee saying he would move ahead with legislation giving lawmakers a say over any nuclear deal. And 360 House Republicans and Democrats — more than enough to override any presidential veto — sent a letter to Obama saying if an agreement is reached, Congress will decide on easing sanctions it has imposed.

""Congress must be convinced that its terms foreclose any pathway to a bomb, and only then will Congress be able to consider permanent sanctions relief,"" the lawmakers wrote.

Rep. Eliot Engel of New York, the top Democrat on the House Foreign Affairs Committee, told administration officials at a hearing Thursday that Congress cannot be marginalized and ""any attempts to sidestep Congress will be resisted on both sides of the aisle.""

The Associated Press contributed to this report.

Click for more from The Wall Street Journal.",1
3294,Mitch McConnell Pledges To Avoid Debt Ceiling Disaster,"WASHINGTON -- Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) said Sunday that despite his differences with President Barack Obama, he has no interest in shutting down the government or causing it to default on its debt.

Treasury Secretary Jack Lew warned Congress on Friday that on March 16 the government would no longer have authority to take on debt to pay for spending Congress has already approved. If lawmakers don't raise the so-called ""debt ceiling"" by then, Lew said the Treasury Department can take ""extraordinary measures"" to continue government operations for a short time.

""I made it very clear after the November election that we're certainly not going to shut down the government or default on the national debt,"" McConnell said, speaking on CBS' ""Face the Nation.""

Defaulting on the debt would not only shut down the government; economists say it could have catastrophic financial consequences. The Obama administration has previously refused to bargain with Republicans who wanted policy concessions from Democrats for agreeing to raise the debt ceiling.

Nevertheless, McConnell suggested Republicans could try to get some policy initiatives out of a debt ceiling hike -- even though demands could lead to a standoff with the Obama administration.

""We'll figure some way to handle it and hopefully it might carry some other important legislation that we can agree on in connection with it,"" McConnell said.",1
4954,Hillary Clinton: The Alt-Right Has 'Effectively Taken Over the Republican Party',"""From the start,"" Hillary Clinton declared today in Reno, ""Donald Trump has built his campaign on prejudice and paranoia. He has taken hate groups mainstream, and [is] helping a radical fringe take over the Republican Party."" The speech that followed those words was an extended argument that her opponent is a racist, a conspiracy theorist, and a man temperamentally unfit to be president.

Clinton's campaign had promoted this in advance as an address about ""Donald Trump and his advisors' embrace of the disturbing 'alt-right' political philosophy""—the alt-right being an umbrella term for an assortment of racist micro-movements and online subcultures. Yesterday I suggested that making the alt-right the stars of such a speech could only give a signal boost to what is, after all, a rather obscure political faction. But Clinton's comments about that faction took up only about a minute of her remarks. And while that minute was pretty juicy, the alt-right wasn't really the rally's star villain after all.

The star villain was Donald Trump. Everyone else that Clinton brought into the address—the alt-right, Breitbart, Alex Jones, David Duke, Nigel Farage, Vladimir Putin—was there in a supporting role.

Some of Clinton's arguments didn't make a lot of sense. She led her litany, oddly, by quoting Trump's recent remarks about how bad blacks have it in America. (""Poverty. Rejection. Horrible education. No housing. No homes. No ownership. Crime at levels nobody has seen."") Most people would call his comments a clumsy attempt to reassure voters that he cares about the black community's problems, but Clinton declared them ""a dog whistle to his most hateful supporters."" She also wildly overstated the alt-right's influence, declaring that ""the de facto merger between Breitbart and the Trump campaign"" means the alt-rightists have ""effectively taken over the Republican Party."" She was on sturdier ground at other moments, as when she mentioned Trump's habit of retweeting white nationalists or his false claim that he watched thousands of New Jersey Muslims cheer the 9/11 attacks.

Running through all her claims, both the weak ones and the strong ones, was one basic theme: Donald Trump is a bigot and a nut. And while that's an idea you've been hearing ever since the mogul turned reality TV star entered the race, this was as forceful and concentrated an expression of it as I've ever heard emerge from Hillary Clinton's mouth. It's bound to fire up her supporters, and I expect it will help her get out the vote. Whether it also leads a bunch of curious conservatives to Google ""alt-right"" depends, I suppose, on how much coverage that minute of the speech gets in the next few days.

But the guy who must be really delighted right now is Alex Jones. Hillary Clinton just attacked him by name! His listeners will be hearing clips from this speech til Ragnarok.",1
3728,Nation Mourns 9 Victims In Charleston Church Shooting,"A heartbroken nation’s tension turned to mourning Thursday afternoon as news broke that the suspected gunman in an attack on a Charleston, South Carolina, church had been arrested, and the identities of his nine victims were released.

Dylann Roof, 21, allegedly entered the Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church during a weekly Bible study meeting and opened fire around 9 p.m. Wednesday. Eight people were found shot to death at the scene, police said. Two others were transported to a hospital, where one later died.

In a statement at the White House, President Barack Obama mourned the victims and lamented the steady stream of mass shootings he has had to address while in office. ""Once again, innocent people were killed in part because someone who wanted to inflict harm had no trouble getting their hands on a gun,"" he said. ""At some point, we as a country will have to reckon with the fact that this type of mass violence doesn’t happen in other countries.""

“The only reason someone could walk into a church and shoot people praying is out of hate,” said Charleston Mayor Joe Riley at a news conference. “It is the most dastardly act that one could possibly imagine.”

According to Mullen, the suspect sat in the church with other attendees for about an hour before he began firing. In an interview with NBC, a cousin of Pinckney said she spoke with a survivor, who reported that the suspect had reloaded his gun five times. When the survivor's son tried to talk him out of shooting more, he reportedly replied, ""'I have to do it. You rape our women and you're taking over our country. And you have to go.'""

Cornell William Brooks, the president and CEO of the NAACP as well as an African Methodist Episcopal minister, released a statement on Thursday in which he expressed outrage about the ""mass hate crime.""

""The senselessly slain parishioners were in a church for Wednesday night Bible study,"" Brooks stated. ""There is no greater coward than a criminal who enters a house of God and slaughters innocent people engaged in the study of scripture.""

South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley (R) urged people to pray for the victims and their families. “While we do not yet know all of the details, we do know that we’ll never understand what motivates anyone to enter one of our places of worship and take the life of another,” she said. “Please join us in lifting up the victims and their families with our love and prayers.”

Worshippers and other community members gathered Thursday to mourn and pray throughout a town so known for its churches that it's often referred to as ""Holy City.""

The historic black church, commonly referred to as ""Mother Emanuel,"" has ""one of the largest and oldest black congregations south of Baltimore, Maryland,"" according to the church's website. One of the church's founding members was Denmark Vesey, who organized a slave uprising that started in 1821. Civil rights leaders also visited the church during the 1960s.",1
3907,Lynch faces Congress in attorney general hearing,"Washington (CNN) Attorney General nominee Loretta Lynch promised a better relationship with Congress during her confirmation hearing on Wednesday, hoping to turn the page from her would-be predecessor, Eric Holder.

Lynch, the U.S. attorney in Brooklyn, New York, is President Barack Obama's pick to succeed Holder at the helm of the Justice Department, a post that has increasingly become fraught with political controversies and clouded by Holder and Congress' mutual contempt for each other.

Just weeks after taking majority control of the Senate, Republicans on the Senate Judiciary Committee praised Lynch's qualifications but used the hearing to prod her on a number of their top complaints with Obama's administration.

The panel's chairman, Sen. Chuck Grassley, R-Iowa, opened with questions about the legality of Obama's move to forestall some deportations -- and several other Republicans joined him.

But Lynch batted those questions away, sticking to legal arguments and noting that the Department of Homeland Security actually carries out many immigration enforcement policies.

She said she'd reviewed the Justice Department's legal analysis of Obama's immigration moves, and said, ""I don't see any reason to doubt the reasonableness of those views.""

Lynch focused much of her time vowing that she'll try to develop a much better relationship with Congress than the outgoing Holder has.

While at times offering candor, she also showed plenty of political awareness by deflecting many of the panel's inquiries. She told Sen. Ted Cruz, R-Texas, she couldn't answer hypothetical questions about future presidents' use of executive authority and Grassley that since she hadn't been involved in the so-called ""Fast and Furious"" gun probe, she couldn't tell him much about how the Justice Department has handled document requests.

Lynch's only big policy break with the Obama administration came on marijuana.

She told Sen. Jeff Sessions, R-Alabama, that she doesn't agree with Obama's previous comments that the drug is similar to smoking cigarettes or drinking alcohol -- and that she opposes legalizing its use.

""I can tell you that not only do I not support the legalization of marijuana, it is not the position of the Department of Justice currently to support the legalization,"" she said. ""Nor will it be the position, should I be confirmed as attorney general.""

Marijuana and immigration were just a couple of the issues lawmakers -- especially Republicans -- brought up.

Sen. Lindsay Graham raised the Supreme Court's looming decision on the constitutionality of same-sex marriage and asked Lynch to explain the legal argument against polygamy.

The South Carolina Republican also asked Lynch whether she supports the death penalty, to which she responded: ""I believe that the death penalty is an effective penalty.""

Lynch's hearing went as well as it could have, and she's likely to be approved even though some Republicans will oppose her because of immigration alone, said Carl Tobias, a law professor at the University of Richmond.

""She seemed to give the GOP enough to differentiate her from Obama and Holder, yet be able to serve effectively in the administration,"" Tobias said.

He pointed to her comments that the Justice Department's legal opinion on Obama's immigration move seemed well reasoned, without directly endorsing it, and her commitments of loyalty to the Constitution and justice, not Obama, as she responded to Republicans' questions. He also said her nods toward improving the department's relations with Congress could help.

That was a key theme in Lynch's introductory remarks during Wednesday's day-long hearing.

""I look forward to fostering a new and improved relationship with this committee, the United States Senate, and the entire United States Congress -- a relationship based on mutual respect and constitutional balance,"" she said ""Ultimately, I know we all share the same goal and commitment: to protect and serve the American people.""

Lynch has overseen high-profile financial fraud cases against banks, terror cases including one against a would-be New York subway bomber and the corruption case against a former GOP congressman. At the same time she has held a lower-profile position than others who vied for the attorney general nomination, which the White House hopes is an asset in her confirmation process.

Holder is a friend of the President and often endured battles with Republicans over various controversies related to Obama's policies. These ranged from the President's plans to close the Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, military prison to the decision to stop defending federal laws banning recognition of same-sex marriages.

After years in the Senate minority, unable to fully control investigations of alleged misdeeds by Holder, Republican senators are using the Lynch hearings to replay certain controversies.

Grassley included among witnesses in the second part of Lynch's hearing on Thursday a former CBS reporter who spent years reporting on the botched ""Fast and Furious"" gun operation.

""Fast and Furious"" was a gun probe run by agents from the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives intended to target cross-border gun traffickers. The agents allowed thousands of firearms to be purchased by suspected traffickers, many of which ended up in the hands of cartels in Mexico. Two were found at the scene of a border firefight with traffickers that killed a U.S. Border Patrol agent.

Holder denied wrongdoing in the three-year controversy over the operation and he was vindicated by a Justice Department inspector general probe.

But Grassley and other Republicans are still fighting to obtain thousands of documents the White House withheld from a House GOP investigation.

In his opening statement, Grassley said in the public's confidence that the Justice Department can do its job without the influence of politics has been ""shaken with good reason"" in recent years.

""I, for one, need to be persuaded that she'll be an independent attorney general,"" Grassley said of Lynch.

The panel's top Democrat, Sen. Patrick Leahy of Vermont, said Lynch's ""qualifications are beyond reproach,"" pointing to her two Senate confirmations as U.S. attorney.

""She's brought terrorists and cybercriminals to justice. She's obtained convictions against corrupt public officials from both parties,"" he said, adding that she's worked to improve law enforcement relationships with the communities that they serve.

Some Democrats raised war-related issues. Lynch told Leahy that she considers waterboarding to be torture, ""and thus illegal.""

Lynch also pitched that she would be a capable liaison between law enforcement and minorities, an area of increasing tension and importance to the Justice Department in the wake of recent police killings of unarmed black men and boys.

""Few things have pained me more than the recent reports of tension and division between law enforcement and the communities we serve,"" Lynch said in her opening remarks. ""If confirmed as attorney general, one of my key priorities would be to work to strengthen the vital relationships between our courageous law enforcement personnel and all the communities we serve.""

Lynch was introduced by New York Democratic Sens. Chuck Schumer, who called her a ""nose-to-the-grindstone type"" and Kirsten Gillibrand, who said Lynch is ""one of our country's most accomplished and distinguished women"" involved in law enforcement in the United States.

At the hearing supporting Lynch were about 30 friends and family members -- including members of her sorority, Delta Sigma Theta, who were clad in red.

Barring any surprises, Lynch is likely to be confirmed -- rejecting her means Republicans would continue the tenure of Holder, who many in the GOP have pushed to resign.",1
4025,State Dept. IDs 2 Americans killed in Nepal quake; 2 others reportedly dead,"The State Department identified two Americans who died in Nepal’s devastating earthquake, and reported two more dead Monday, as the death toll rose past 4,000 and survivors dug through the rubble of their villages seeking shelter and food.

Saturday's 7.8 magnitude earthquake triggered an avalanche that buried part of the Mount Everest base camp, killing 18 people, including foreign climbers preparing to make their summit attempts at the world’s tallest peak.

At least four Americans died in the quake, all at the Mount Everest base camp the State Department said Monday. State Department spokesman Jeff Rathke identified two of the American victims as Ely Taplin and Vinh B. Truong.

Two others haven't been named yet, either because consular officials haven't confirmed their identities or next of kin haven't been notified.

“We express our deepest sympathies to the families and loved ones of those who died,” Rathke told reporters. He said the State Department was fielding hundreds of calls from Americans asking for assistance and concerned about the safety of loved ones in Nepal.

“We are supplementing our embassy staff to better respond to U.S. citizens and liaison with the Nepal government,” Rathke said.

In addition to the more than 4,000 dead in Nepal, another 61 people were killed in neighboring India, and China reported that 20 people had died in Tibet.

Meanwhile, tens of thousands of families slept outdoors for a second night, fearful of aftershocks that have not ceased. Camped in parks, open squares and a golf course, they cuddled children or pets against chilly Himalayan nighttime temperatures.

""It's overwhelming. It's too much to think about,"" said 55-year-old Bijay Nakarmi, mourning his parents, whose bodies were recovered from the rubble of what once was a three-story building.

Reports received so far by the government and aid groups suggest that many communities perched on mountainsides are devastated or struggling to cope as they search for lost loved ones, sort through rubble for their belongings, and try to find food and shelter for their families.

Lila Mani Poudyal, the government's chief secretary and the rescue coordinator, said the recovery was slow because many workers -- water tanker drivers, electricity company employees and laborers needed to clear debris -- ""are all gone to their families and staying with them, refusing to work.""

World Vision aid worker Matt Darvas reached Nepal's Gorkha district -- the epicenter of Saturday's powerful quake -- early Monday afternoon. He said almost no aid had reached there ahead of him.

""It does not seem aid is reaching here very quickly,"" Darvas told the Associated Press by phone from Nepal.

Udav Prashad Timalsina, the top official for the Gorkha district, said he was in desperate need of help. ""There are people who are not getting food and shelter. I've had reports of villages where 70 percent of the houses have been destroyed,"" Timalsina he said.

He said 223 people had been confirmed dead in the district, but he presumed ""the number would go up because there are thousands who are injured."" Landslides and other destruction delayed attempts to reach the district earlier, but Gorkha is feared to have extensive damage.

""Villages like this are routinely affected by landslides, and it's not uncommon for entire villages of 200, 300, up to 1,000 people to be completely buried by rock falls,"" Darvas said. ""It will likely be helicopter access only.""

""Further north from here the reports are very disturbing,"" Darvas reported. He says up to 75 percent of the buildings in Singla may have collapsed and the village, a two-day walk away, has been out of contact since Saturday night.

Local officials lost contact with military and police who set out for Singla, and Darvas says helicopters have had to turn back because of clouds. He says a few SUVs with foreign tourists bringing basic aid supplies had begun to reach Gorkha by early evening.

Jagdish Pokhrel, the clearly exhausted army spokesman, said nearly the entire 100,000-soldier army was involved in rescue operations. ""We have 90 percent of the army out there working on search and rescue,"" he said. ""We are focusing our efforts on that, on saving lives.""

Kathmandu district chief administrator Ek Narayan Aryal said tents and water were being handed out Monday at 10 locations in Kathmandu, but that aftershocks were leaving everyone jittery.

""There have been nearly 100 earthquakes and aftershocks, which is making rescue work difficult. Even the rescuers are scared and running because of them,"" he said.

The capital city is largely a collection of small, poorly constructed brick apartment buildings. But outside of the oldest neighborhoods, many in Kathmandu were surprised by how few modern structures collapsed in the quake.

Emergency aid flights are landing in Nepal, with relief workers from several different countries who will try to locate and rescue victims. But the dire conditions and communication obstacles are adding to the chaos at the small airport in Nepal's capital of Kathmandu, where there were major backups on the tarmac.

India's defense ministry says four Indian Air Force planes carrying communication gear, aid supplies and rescue personnel were forced to return to New Delhi today because of airport congestion.

The quake will probably put a huge strain on the resources of this impoverished country best known for Everest, the highest mountain in the world. The economy of Nepal, a nation of 27.8 million people, relies heavily on tourism, principally trekking and Himalayan mountain climbing.

The first nations to respond were Nepal's neighbors -- India, China and Pakistan. Other countries sending support Sunday included the United States, Canada, the United Arab Emirates, Britain, Germany, France, Poland, Italy, Israel and Singapore.

An American military plane left Delaware's Dover Air Force Base for Nepal, carrying 70 people, including a disaster-assistance response team and an urban search-and-rescue team, and 45 tons of cargo, the Pentagon said.

The earthquake was the worst to hit the South Asian nation in more than 80 years. It destroyed swaths of the oldest neighborhoods of Kathmandu and was strong enough to be felt across parts of India, Bangladesh, China's region of Tibet and Pakistan.

Nepal's worst recorded earthquake in 1934 measured 8.0 and all but destroyed the cities of Kathmandu, Bhaktapur and Patan.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
2067,Time to press the presidential candidates on Flint’s water crisis,"In every presidential campaign, there are issues everyone knows beforehand will be discussed — what should we do about immigration, how can we improve the economy, where should we go on health care — and events that become campaign issues when they burst into the news. So it is with the public health crisis in Flint, Michigan, where a public health catastrophe has played out over the last two years, and more and more politicians are being asked to comment on it.

To get you up to speed, in 2014, in an effort to save money, the city stopped getting its water from Detroit and began getting it from the contaminated Flint River. It turned out that all manner of nasty chemicals were contained in the water, most alarmingly, lead. It’s important to understand that at the time, Flint’s own elected officials were all but powerless, because the city was being run by a “emergency manager” appointed by Michigan governor Rick Snyder; it was the emergency manager who made the final call to switch their water supply (you can read more about that here). Emails released yesterday by Snyder’s administration show that as Flint residents were complaining about the water’s color and taste, and reporting ill health effects, state officials were not particularly eager to do anything about it. Snyder’s chief of staff wrote in one email that other state officials felt that “some in Flint are taking the very sensitive issue of children’s exposure to lead and trying to turn it into a political football.”

Well it’s a political football now — as well it should be. I’ve long been an advocate of “politicizing” just about everything (see here or here), not because candidates should take any excuse to blame each other for anything going wrong anywhere in the country, but because elected officials need to make choices, and campaigns provide an opportunity to get them on record saying how they’d address critical issues. Right after a hurricane is the best time to talk about what government should do to prepare for disasters, just as the aftermath of a high-profile police shooting is the best time to talk about police practices. It’s when our attention gets focused on a problem and there’s a real opportunity to make progress.

So what we’re seeing now is that Democrats, particularly President Obama and those running for his party’s presidential nomination, are eager to talk about Flint. Obama met with Flint’s mayor, declared a state of emergency that will allow federal funds to flow there, and called the crisis “inexplicable and inexcusable.” Hillary Clinton raised it in Sunday’s debate when asked what issue she wish had been brought up but hadn’t, saying, “We’ve had a city in the United States of America where the population which is poor in many ways and majority African American has been drinking and bathing in lead contaminated water. And the governor of that state acted as though he didn’t really care. He had requests for help that he basically stonewalled. I’ll tell you what, if the kids in a rich suburb of Detroit had been drinking contaminated water and being bathed in it, there would’ve been action.” For his part, Bernie Sanders called for Snyder to resign.

And the Republicans? It won’t be surprising if they aren’t interested in discussing the race and class issues the crisis raises, and thus far, they don’t seem to want to talk seriously about it at all. Ben Carson was the first to give any substantive comment, placing the blame on Flint’s elected officials and the federal government, neatly excusing Governor Snyder’s administration of any involvement. Marco Rubio was asked about it on Monday and said he couldn’t say much, since “That’s not an issue that right now we’ve been focused on”; from what I can tell he hasn’t said anything about it since. Donald Trump was also reluctant to discuss it, responding to a reporter’s question on Tuesday by saying, “A thing like that shouldn’t happen, but, again, I don’t want to comment on that.” John Kasich said, “I think the governor has moved the National Guard in and, you know, I’m sure he will manage this appropriately.” I haven’t been able to find any comments from Jeb Bush, Chris Christie, Rand Paul, Carly Fiorina, Mike Huckabee, or Rick Santorum.

But there is one Republican candidate who made detailed remarks about the issue: Ted Cruz. “It is a failure at every level of government, a failure of the city officials, a failure of the county officials, and the men and women of Michigan have been betrayed,” Cruz said. “Every American is entitled to have access to clean water. And to all the children who have been poisoned by government officials, by their negligence, by their ineptitude, it’s heart-breaking.” In addition, Cruz’s Michigan state director wrote on her Facebook page that the campaign was bringing bottled water to “crisis pregnancy centers” in the city, which try to convince women not to have abortions.

Cruz did his best to fit the issue in with his broader critique of government, but it isn’t surprising that the rest of his Republican colleagues didn’t really want to talk about it. If Snyder were a Democrat, you can be sure they’d be blaming him, but he isn’t. They aren’t going to say that this disaster demonstrates that the problems that affect poor and black people are given less attention by government at all levels than the problems that affect rich and white people, because most of them don’t think that’s actually true. They aren’t going to say that this shows that we need a major investment in infrastructure spending in America, because they don’t really believe that, either.

But those are the broader issues that the catastrophe in Flint raises, and that’s what the candidates ought to be pressed on. They don’t even have to agree on who bears the lion’s share of the blame to agree that we have a national problem that requires attention. The American Society of Civil Engineers gives the country’s drinking water system a grade of “D” and says that in the next couple of decades we will need to invest hundreds of billions of dollars, perhaps even into the trillions, in order to bring the system up to where it should be.

So now that we’re focusing on the question of drinking water, the candidates should say what they see as our infrastructure priorities, how we should address them, how much we ought to spend, and how that fits in with the other things they’d like to spend money on.",1
1371,This is why Trump was smart to avoid her: Megyn Kelly just crushed the GOP debate,"Despite what he told CNN in an interview shortly before the debate aired, Trump had been clear about why he didn’t want to participate in the Fox debate: the presence of moderator Megyn Kelly. Whether or not he really meant it, Kelly showed time and again why he was right to avoid a renewed confrontation with her.

Here’s the thing about Megyn Kelly. She’s not some closet liberal. That’s a common mistake made about her. She often indulges in the same right-wing racial hysteria as anybody on Fox. But she can be a pretty fearless—and fearsome—TV journalist. On Thursday, she unveiled what might be the most ruthless, devastating technique I’ve ever seen in any debate I’ve watched. It was so neat and brutally effective that you wondered why it had never been done before.

Put simply, Kelly pulled a “Daily Show” on Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz, playing lengthy montages of their past support of a path to citizenship for undocumented immigrants. (They’ve each since flip-flopped.) Both men, robbed of their ability to insist that they’d never said the words they’d obviously said, floundered helplessly.

Can you imagine the kind of clip show Kelly and her team were preparing for Trump? She does not mess around. Instead of dealing with her, Trump got the best of both worlds. He ducked any debate messiness but still managed to dominate the proceedings in his absence, and got his alternative rally aired on both CNN and MSNBC. He also left Ted Cruz in place as a default frontrunner; Cruz, who even on his best nights has the air of a man trying to sell you a monorail you don’t need, had one of his worst nights. He resorted to whining about how much he was getting ganged up on, which is never attractive even when attractive people do it.

Nothing else in the debate reached the audacious heights of the clip-show hit jobs.  Faced with Kelly’s sheer star power, the other moderators, Chris Wallace and Bret Baier, couldn’t help but play second fiddle. The worst part of the evening was the repeated tossing aside of interesting, relevant questions. The requisite 9 hours were spent getting each man onstage to brag about how many ISIS fighters he would personally disembowel, but questions on Puerto Rico’s debt, on criminal justice and policing, on climate change and on the crisis in Flint were all asked of just one candidate and then discarded. What’s the point of having multiple debates if you don’t use them to tackle a wide range of issues in the broadest way possible?

It would be foolish to predict what effect the debate will have. The caucuses are just around the corner. Nobody knows what’s going to happen. What does seem certain is that at least some of the people who participated in the debate on Thursday won’t be around much longer. Megyn Kelly won’t be one of those. She is now well on her way to cementing herself as the indispensable star of Fox News, with or without the assistance of Donald Trump.",1
1926,Clinton Foundation will continue to accept foreign money during Hillary's run,"Clinton, who resigned from her philanthropy's board of directors immediately after declaring her presidential campaign on Sunday, has drawn fire for her family foundation's acceptance of money from countries considered hostile to the United States.

The Foundation will now only accept funding from Australia, Canada, Germany, the Netherlands, Norway and the United Kingdom, according to new foundation policies that will be posted online but was obtained by CNN.

The foundation also pledges to disclose its donors quarterly beginning in July -- as opposed to annually -- and to not hold any more Clinton Global Initiative events overseas following an international conference in May.",1
2535,The judge immigration foes wanted,"One thing that is certain about Monday’s ruling by a federal judge in Texas blocking implementation of President Obama’s executive actions on immigration reform — it won’t be the last word.

Nonetheless, the opinion is worth noting for three reasons: first, what it says about the depressing politicization of the federal judiciary; second, and related, what it suggests about the conservative face of judicial activism; third, what its implications may be for the coming showdown on funding for the Department of Homeland Security.

The New York Times report on the ruling contained a jarring phrase, describing its author, U.S. District Judge Andrew Hanen, as “an outspoken critic of the administration on immigration policy.” My instinct was that the reporter had gone too far in that characterization; surely, a federal judge — even a federal judge appointed by George W. Bush — could not fairly be described that way.

Turns out, he can. Hanen sits in Brownsville, Tex., on the border with Mexico, and it can fairly be assumed it was no accident that the 26 states challenging the executive actions sued in that court, where they had a 50/50 chance of having the case heard by Hanen. (The other judge in Brownsville is a Bill Clinton appointee.)

Hanen has a remarkable history of blasting the Department of Homeland Security for what he views as its lax approach to immigration enforcement. In his court, where you stand depends, literally, on where he sits — Hanen’s rulings bristle with frustration over the influx of illegal immigrants at the border and what he views as the feckless governmental policies in dealing with them.

In a 2013 case involving the smuggling of a 10-year-old girl from El Salvador, Hanen went after DHS for reuniting the girl with her undocumented mother, rather than prosecuting the mother for having hired the trafficker. “This court is quite concerned with the apparent policy of the Department of Homeland Security . . . of completing the criminal mission of individuals who are violating the border security of the United States,” Hanen wrote.

The plaintiffs challenging Obama’s plan “got the judge they wanted and they got the ruling they wanted,” Frank Sharry, executive director of America’s Voice, an immigration reform group, told me.

As to that ruling, its weakest link is its strained conclusion that Texas, at least, had legal standing to challenge Obama’s actions. Time was, conservatives, and conservative judges, were most reluctant to grant standing, an approach in keeping with their conception of the modest judicial role.

So how did Hanen deal with the federal government’s argument that the states had failed to show the individual injury required to allow them to challenge the executive actions?

It came down — this is not a joke — to driver’s licenses. Texas argued that the expanded class of individuals eligible to remain in the country would be entitled to apply for licenses, and that the $24 fee for obtaining a license did not cover the state’s actual cost. Thus, Hanen found, the states have shown the the program “will directly injure the proprietary interest of their driver’s license programs and cost the states badly needed funds.”

Hanen’s conclusion that he should prevent the immigration actions from going into effect rests on a similarly slender reed. He concluded that an injunction was justified because the states could suffer “irreparable harm” in the form of having to issue driver’s licenses and other benefits.

Seriously, the irreparable harm to Texas is that it spends some money on driver’s licenses? Please, you conservatives who applaud this outcome — not another word about judicial activism.

Finally, because the clock is ticking on funding for the Department of Homeland Security, Hanen’s ruling raises the question of whether it offers a face-saving exit to Republicans seeking to avoid a shutdown or instead will further inflame conservatives.

My answer is: both. Those who rail against presidential usurpation of authority will seize on Hanen’s opinion to assert that they cannot appropriate a dime for the Department of Homeland Security. (No matter that Hanen’s opinion only reached the not-so-sexy topic of whether the administration’s actions complied with the, yawn, Administrative Procedure Act, not whether they overstepped constitutional boundaries.)

The cannier move would be for Senate Republicans to seize on the case as an escape from their untenable corner: The executive actions are under court review, now we can move on with funding essential government services. Smarter? Yes. More likely? Not in the current poisonously partisan environment.

Read more from Ruth Marcus’s archive, follow her on Twitter or subscribe to her updates on Facebook.",1
2466,Here's How Obamacare Is Going To Affect Your Taxes,"When you file your return, you hardly have to do anything different. There's a new line on the 1040 -- line 61, to be precise -- where you attest that you do, in fact, have health coverage. If that's the case, then mark it down here, and you're done.

The good news is, tax credits made your health insurance more affordable. The bad news is, you now have to prove you still have insurance, and that you didn't get too much or too little of a subsidy. If your tax credit was too large, you'll have to pay back at least some of it.

Those 1095-A forms are supposed to arrive in your mailbox by Feb. 2, so be on the lookout. You also can download them from the exchange website or call the exchange and ask it to send you one. You may get more than one form, depending on how each member of the family is covered. If you see any inaccuracies on these documents, contact your insurance exchange.

When you applied for a credit, you told the exchange what you expected to earn in 2014, and that number was used to calculate your subsidy. Now, when you file the 8962 with your taxes, you're running the numbers again based on what you really made. If those amounts are different, your tax credits have to be adjusted. Those who owe the IRS can set up payment plans.

How many people will see their refunds cut (or face a tax bill), and how many will get money back? No one can say for sure. But H&R Block projects that about half of all exchange customers didn't estimate their incomes correctly, and should expect some kind of adjustment, either higher or lower, Pickering said.

Basically, if you bought an unsubsidized plan from an Obamacare exchange, take the information from your 1095-A and put it on your 8962, and check off line 61 of your 1040. If you didn't use an exchange, you just need to care about line 61. When it comes to taxes, that counts as easy.

One more thing for unsubsidized people who used an exchange: You might still be able to get tax credits. If you earned less than four times the federal poverty level -- $46,680 for a single person and $95,400 for a family of four -- you can apply for a subsidy via the exchange. If you skipped the exchange, then this isn't possible, no matter what your income was.

Obamacare's individual mandate requires most legal U.S. residents to get covered, so you might be subject to a tax penalty if you were uncovered for more than three months. The formula is complicated, but the penalty starts at $95 and goes all the way up to about $11,000. (Read this for more information.) If you didn't earn enough money to pay taxes, meaning you made less than $10,150 as a single person under 65 or more for other types of households, then there's no health insurance mandate for you, and you don't have to file a return.

The idea behind the mandate was that everyone who can ""afford"" insurance should buy it, to avoid saddling the rest of us with the cost of their medical care. The Affordable Care Act says insurance is ""affordable"" if it costs 8 percent of your income. If insurance was available to you below that price and you didn't get coverage, you'll have to pay a penalty.

If you make less than $60,000 a year, you can use the IRS' Free File option, but you'll still have to do a lot of math yourself. If you make less than $53,000 a year, you can take advantage of tax preparers participating in the IRS' free Volunteer Income Tax Assistance program. The IRS' Tax Counseling for the Elderly program is available at no charge to people 60 and older. And Enroll America will offer no-cost local help using Intuit TurboTax.",1
5158,George Will: Trump's judge comments prompted exit from GOP,"""After Trump went after the 'Mexican' judge from northern Indiana then (House Speaker) Paul Ryan endorsed him, I decided that in fact this was not my party anymore,"" Will said on ""Fox News Sunday.""

Trump attacked Will on Twitter over his decision to leave the GOP Sunday morning, writing: ""George Will, one of the most overrated political pundits (who lost his way long ago), has left the Republican Party. He's made many bad calls.""

Will responded on ""Fox News Sunday,"" saying: ""He has an advantage on me, because he can say everything he knows about any subject in 140 characters and I can't.""

He said he'd joined the Republican Party in 1964, inspired by Arizona Sen. Barry Goldwater, a founder of the conservative movement and a key figure in the party then.

""I joined it because I was a conservative, and I leave it for the same reason: I'm a conservative,"" Will said. ""The long and the short of it is, as Ronald Reagan said when he changed his registration, 'I did not leave the Democratic Party; the Democratic Party left me,' "" he said. Will first announced his decision to leave the GOP at a Federalist Society luncheon Friday. He told the audience: ""This is not my party,"" according to PJ Media , a conservative news website. The Pulitzer Prize-winner confirmed to PJM in an interview after his speech that he had left the party and was now ""an unaffiliated voter in the state of Maryland"" before switching the subject. PJM reported that Will cited Ryan's endorsement of Trump is one of the reasons why he decided to leave the party. Will didn't say whether he'd vote for either Democratic presumptive nominee Hillary Clinton or a third-party candidate, such as Libertarian Gary Johnson. Will, who worked on President Ronald Reagan's 1980 campaign, also said at the luncheon that Trump as president with ""no opposition"" from a Republican-led Congress would be worse than Clinton as president with a Republican-led Congress. When asked by PJ Media about his message to conservatives regarding Trump, Will responded, ""Make sure he loses. Grit their teeth for four years and win the White House."" CNN efforts to reach Will were not immediately successful Saturday. Will has long been a harsh critic of Trump. Just earlier this month, he told Fox News that Trump is a ""real amateur in politics."" ""He seems to confuse the enthusiasm of the crowds in front of him at the moment in the high school auditorium with the larger electorate,"" he said . ""Whereas, in fact, crowds are definitionally not a representative selection of the American people."" And this is not the first time the conservative has broken with Republican Party orthodoxy. In 2009, he wrote an op-ed in The Washington Post calling on the United States to get out of Afghanistan, which received criticism from his party.",1
2282,The new argument against gay equality: Same-sex marriage kills,"As the Supreme Court prepares to take up same-sex marriage next week, conservative scholars have produced a last-ditch argument to keep the scourge of homosexual unions from spreading across the land: Gay marriage kills.

They’re saying that legalizing same-sex marriage will cause 900,000 abortions.

The logic is about as obvious as if they had alleged that raising the minimum wage would increase the frequency of hurricanes. If anything, you’d think that more same-sex marriages would mean more adoptions.

But comes now Gene Schaerr, unsuccessful lawyer for Utah in that state’s case against same-sex marriages, to file an amicus brief with the Supreme Court on behalf of “100 scholars of marriage.”

“On the surface, abortion and same-sex marriage may seem unrelated,” Schaerr acknowledged in a post on the Heritage Foundation Web site in advance of a presentation he made to the conservative think tank Monday. But “the two are closely linked in a short and simple causal chain.”

To wit: Legalizing same-sex marriage devalues marriage and causes fewer heterosexual couples to marry, which leads to a larger number of unmarried women, who have abortions at higher rates than married women. As a result, Schaerr wrote, “nearly 900,000 more children of the next generation would be aborted as a result of their mothers never marrying. This is equal to the entire population of the cities of Sacramento and Atlanta combined.”

Case closed! Or at least it would be, if Schaerr’s “causal chain” were real. He freely acknowledged that he had no cause-and-effect proof when I asked him about it at Heritage on Monday.

“It is still too new to do a rigorous causation analysis using statistical methods,” he admitted, saying that he had found only a decline in marriage rates in states that had legalized same-sex marriage (in fact, marriage rates have declined overall). “The brief doesn’t even attempt to say conclusively that this reduction in marriage rates has been the result of adopting same-sex marriage,” Schaerr said, though there are “theoretical reasons” such causation might occur.

Or perhaps theological reasons. When Schaerr quit his law firm last year to take the Utah case, he wrote to colleagues that he was going to “fulfill what I have come to see as a religious and family duty.” A colleague leaked his resignation letter to the Human Rights Campaign, a gay rights group.

Utah argued that legalizing same-sex marriage would lead to lower birth rates, pointing out that some of the states with the lowest birth rates, such as Massachusetts, Vermont and Connecticut, had same-sex marriage, and some of the highest birth-rate states, such as Texas and Utah, did not.

But the national birth rate has been declining for years, from 14.2 per 1,000 people in 2006 to 12.4 in 2013. Texas and Utah actually had larger drops than Massachusetts, Vermont and Connecticut.

Utah lost its case, but Schaerr — a former clerk to Antonin Scalia — is now making a similar argument, claiming to show drops in marriage rates in the years after states adopted same-sex marriage.

Heritage’s Ryan Anderson, appearing with Schaerr on Monday afternoon, went even further than Schaerr’s conclusions in alleging that “every nation and every state that have redefined marriage have seen their marriage rates decline by at least 5 percent after that redefinition, even as the marriage rates in the rest of the states remain stable.”

The national marriage rate declined to 6.8 per 1,000 in 2012, from 8.0 in 2002, before Massachusetts became the first state to legalize gay marriage. The Massachusetts rate dropped from 5.9 in 2002 to 5.5 in 2011, while Connecticut went from 5.7 to 5.5 and Vermont went from 8.6 to 8.3. But Texas and Utah, free of same-sex marriage, dropped from 8.4 to 7.1, and from 10.4 to 8.6, respectively.

Fred Sainz, vice president of the Human Rights Campaign, accused Schaerr of “cherry-picking” his statistics. But though the numbers are dubious, Schaerr’s argument has the useful purpose of switching the debate away from same-sex marriage — on which public opinion is shifting decidedly against conservatives — and toward abortion, where positions are hardened.

Schaerr had other arguments, too. He asserted that Abraham Lincoln would find it “preposterous” that the 14th Amendment, guaranteeing equal protection, would be used to justify same-sex marriage.

What Lincoln would think in 2015 is unknowable — but such considerations did not deter Schaerr. He also speculated that an unemployed man who got his girlfriend pregnant in a state that had legalized same-sex marriage would be more likely to conclude that “I’m not going to assume these obligations to this woman and this child.”

From that idle speculation, all it takes is a slippery slope and an active imagination to get to 900,000 abortions.

Read more from Dana Milbank’s archive, follow him on Twitter or subscribe to his updates on Facebook.",1
5053,Dem convention speeches Day 4: 's Reality Check Team vets the claims,"(CNN) The Democratic Party gathered in Philadelphia on Thursday for the fourth night of its convention, and CNN's Reality Check Team put the speakers' statements and assertions to the test.

The team of reporters, researchers and editors across CNN listened throughout the speeches and selected key statements, rating them true; mostly true; true, but misleading; false; or it's complicated.

Reality Check: Clinton on Trump's 'I alone can fix it' claim

Clinton emphasized the teamwork aspect she believes the presidency requires, asking, ""Isn't he forgetting troops on the front lines. Police officers and firefighters who run toward danger. Doctors and nurses who care for us ... He's forgetting every last one of us. Americans don't say, 'I alone can fix it.' We say, 'We'll fix it together.'""

While Clinton's quote may be correct -- Trump did say ""I alone can fix it"" -- she took his remarks out of context. In that portion of his speech, Trump began by once again addressing Clinton's email server scandal and commented that the FBI's lack of legal action against Clinton indicated ""that corruption has reached a level like never before."" He stated that his perspective made him the only person capable of preventing powerful politicians -- like Clinton -- from taking advantage of ""people that cannot defend themselves.""

Trump's full statement on being the only one able to fix this system included: ""Nobody knows the system better than me, which is why I alone can fix it. I have seen firsthand how the system is rigged against our citizens, just like it was rigged against Bernie Sanders.""

Notably, the ""I and only I"" rhetoric is not new for Trump -- he has frequently claimed he alone can solve America's problems. But in the context of his convention speech, in which he references his perspective on Clinton's alleged corruption, we rate Clinton's claim true, but misleading.

Clinton applauded the Dallas community's response to its police chief's call for people to step up and join the police force to make a difference after the fatal shootings of five police officers.

""Police Chief David Brown asked the community to support his force, maybe even join them,"" she said. ""And you know how the community responded? Nearly 500 people applied in just 12 days. That's how Americans answer when the call for help goes out.""

After the July 7 shooting, Dallas Police Chief David Brown called protesters to ""serve your communities.""

""We're hiring. Get off that protest line and put an application in,"" he said. ""We'll put you in your neighborhood, and we will help you resolve some of the problems you're protesting about.""

While her number is a hair high, we rate Clinton's claim true.

Clinton praised President Barack Obama and Vice President Joe Biden for turning around America's economic fortunes.

""Our economy is so much stronger than when they took office. Nearly 15 million new private-sector jobs. Twenty million more Americans with health insurance. And an auto industry that just had its best year ever. That's real progress,"" she said.

When Obama took office in January 2009, the country was in the midst of the deepest economic downturn since the Great Depression. Over the course of his administration, the economy has grown 2% a year. It's not spectacular growth, but the economy is certainly stronger than during the recession. We rate that claim as true.

The nation has added 14.8 million private-sector jobs between the low point of February 2010 and June 2016, according to Bureau of Labor Statistics data. But if you look over Obama's two terms, the nation is up only 9.8 million jobs. We rate that claim as true, but misleading.

Health Secretary Sylvia Burwell said in May that 20 million more people have coverage now thanks to Obama's signature health reform law. It includes both people who have gained coverage on the Obamacare exchanges and through Medicaid expansion, as well as young adults who have been able to stay on their parents' plans until they turn 26. We rate that claim as true.

The auto industry sold more cars and trucks in 2015 than ever before. We rate that clam as true.

Clinton attacked Trump's record, saying, ""In Atlantic City, 60 miles from here, you will find contractors and small businesses who lost everything because Donald Trump refused to pay his bills.""

USA Today looked at 60 lawsuits and more than 200 mechanic's liens, and interviewed businesses like an Atlantic City cabinet builder who claimed that the Trump Organization did not pay more than $80,000 owed to him, which started the closure of the builder's business. Hundreds of other contractors in the 1980s made similar claims. Additionally, the investigation found 21 citations against the now-defunct Trump Plaza for violations of the Fair Labor Standards Act in the same city.

The Wall Street Journal cited a well-known controversy where contractors on Trump's Taj Mahal casino were told by the organization that they should agree to accept ""less than full payment or risk becoming unsecured creditors in bankruptcy court,"" the paper reported. A year later, the Taj Mahal Casino went bankrupt.

In response to the reports, Trump told USA Today in an interview that he only stiffs or shorts bills if the work is unsatisfactory, and he told the Journal that he pays ""thousands of bills on time.""

These are just cases in Atlantic City, but both investigations cite examples in other cities such as Miami as well.

Based on the reporting of these two news outlets, we rate Clinton's claim as true.

Katie McGinty, who is running for Senate from Pennsylvania, said that when she was growing up, hard work meant success, but today that deal is off the table.

""Middle-class families aren't making a dime, in real terms, more than they were two decades ago. But we know costs have been going through the roof."" she said.

Whether this is true or not depends on your time frame.

The most recent census data is from 2014, when median household income was $53,657. That's up 5.2% from 1994, when it was $51,006.

However, if you look at 20 years ago from today -- or 1996 -- median income was $53,345. While technically that's quite a few dimes higher, it is essentially flat.

McGinty is echoing a common refrain that wages have been stagnant in recent years. It's true that median income is still lower than its pre-Great Recession level peak of $57,357 in 2007.

Median income, however, has risen over the past year or two, according to estimates from Sentier Research, which was founded by two former Census Bureau employees. By June 2016, it had risen to $57,206.

While their data doesn't go back 20 years, it supports McGinty's statement that median income has been flat over the longer term. Sentier estimates the typical household earned $57,826 in June 2000, the earliest month they looked at.

We rate McGinty's claim mostly true. While median income rose 5.2% between 1994 and 2014, it's roughly the same as it was in 1996, according to census data. And Sentier Research found that median income in June 2016 is roughly the same as it was in 2000. And it's true costs for many things have risen since then.

Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti focused on the challenges faced by America's cities. Garcetti touted his city's action on raising the minimum wage: ""In Los Angeles, we saw too many Americans living in poverty, so we became the biggest city in America to raise the minimum wage to $15, inspiring other cities and states to follow.""

Other cities also passed measures to raise the minimum wage, including San Francisco, San Diego, Chicago and Seattle. Seattle did so in 2013, before Los Angeles did, and its $15 rate will be implemented sooner, by 2018.

While LA was the largest city at the time to enact a minimum wage increase, it is not yet up to $15 an hour, as Garcetti implies. Also, other cities like New York will phase in the $15 rate sooner than LA will.

Henrietta Ivey, a home care worker from Detroit, praised Clinton as an advocate for a higher minimum wage.

""I know she will fight to raise the minimum wage,"" Ivey said. ""In Michigan, we are 'Fighting for 15,' a $15 minimum wage.""

Clinton has indeed spoken out in support of setting a new bar for wages but she has waffled on the amount of the pay hike. Last November, she told an audience at a town hall in Iowa, ""I favor a $12 minimum wage at the federal level.""

A week after the town hall, she wrote a tweet with the hashtag #Fightfor15, a hat tip to a grass-roots labor group promoting a $15 minimum wage nationwide.

During a CNN debate in April, moderator Wolf Blitzer pressed Clinton to clarify her plans for the federal minimum wage. Clinton said that she was on board with the Fight for $15 movement but she then outlined some fine print, prompting an extended back-and-forth with Bernie Sanders.

""I am sure a lot of people are very surprised to learn that you supported raising the minimum wage to 15 bucks an hour,"" Sanders said.

Clinton explained that her policy at the federal level would mirror New York's recent minimum wage increase, which establishes a $15 floor for workers in the New York City metro area and a $12.50 minimum wage for the rest of the state, where the cost of living is lower.

The increases will be phased in over the next five years and there are different timetables for employers in the city, suburbs and rural areas. Small businesses have a more staggered schedule than large companies. The New York law calls for pay statewide to eventually hit $15 but there's no established timeline yet for the increase.

""Hillary Clinton supports a $12 federal minimum wage but believes that the federal minimum is just that, and encourages states, cities, and workers through bargaining to go even higher, including a $15 minimum wage in places where it makes sense,"" the post says.

Ivey correctly states that Clinton's platform includes a raise for low-wage workers, so our verdict is true, but it's important to note that some geographic restrictions apply to her fight for $15.

Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper touted Colorado's economic record. ""Today, Denver is the fastest-growing big city in America, and Colorado has the second-strongest economy in the country,"" he said.

Since there are many ways to measure the strength of an economy, and not all will show that Colorado is the second strongest, Hickenlooper's claim is mostly true.

Former Michigan Gov. Jennifer Granholm praised Obama for helping the auto industry in its time of need.

""(Obama) saved the American auto industry. Right, and then that renewed auto industry paid America back in full,"" Granholm said.

That's not true, actually. When the Treasury Department closed the books on the $45.9 billion bailout of General Motors in December 2013, taxpayers had lost more than $10 billion.

Ultimately, though, the government may have saved money. The failure of GM and Chrysler would have cost the federal government between $39 billion to $105 billion in lost tax revenues as well as assistance to the unemployed, according to a study by the Center for Automotive Research, a Michigan think tank.

We rate Granholm's claim that the auto industry paid back taxpayers in full as false.

Reality Check: Pelosi on Democrats looking like America

House Minority Leader Pelosi held up her caucus of Democrats in the House of Representatives as representative of the demographics of the country as a whole.

""We are a caucus proud that we look like 21st-century America; over 50% women, people of color and the LGBT community members,"" she said. ""What a contrast to the restricted club that met in convention in Cleveland last week.""

That breaks down to 33% female, 39% people of color, and 3% LGBT.

The Republican caucus in the House of Representatives has 22 women, 11 people of color and no representatives who identify as LGBT.

That means that women make up 8.9% of the 247-person caucus, and people of color make up 4.4% of the Republican representatives.

We rate Pelosi's claim as mostly true because the Democratic caucus falls short of representing women, but is over-representative of people of color and those who identify as LGBT.

Social studies teacher David Wils said Clinton would ""make college debt free for all.""

Some context here: Clinton's final plan is the direct result of the push and pull between her and Sanders during the Democratic primary. Sanders touted his plan for tuition-free public college and Clinton, at first, offered only free community college tuition.

When it was clear that Clinton was losing younger voters to Sanders, she shifted her position and offered a new proposal for free tuition at public colleges, but she added, ""I don't want to make college free for Donald Trump's kids."" With these specifics, her proposed plan does not cover families with household incomes over $125,000 a year, not exactly ""Donald Trump's kids.""

NBA legend Kareem Abdul-Jabbar says recent religious freedom acts are the ""opposite"" of what founding father Thomas Jefferson wanted.

In brief remarks, Abdul-Jabbar cited Jefferson's Virginia Statute for Religious Freedom, one of his most famous and important works.

""In 1777, Jefferson drafted the Virginia Statute for Religious Freedom, which later became a model for the First Amendment. Today's so-called 'religious freedom' acts, like the one signed by Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana, they are the opposite of what Jefferson wanted because they allow discrimination,"" Abdul-Jabbar said.

So are today's religious freedom bills the opposite of what Jefferson wanted?

The statute, passed by the Virginia General Assembly in January 1786, is seen as a precursor for First Amendment protections by declaring the need for separation of church and state and the right to exercise one's conscience.

""No man shall be compelled to frequent or support any religious worship, place, or ministry whatsoever, nor shall be enforced, restrained, molested, or burthened in his body or goods, nor shall otherwise suffer on account of his religious opinions or belief; but that all men shall be free to profess, and by argument to maintain, their opinion in matters of religion, and that the same shall in no wise diminish, enlarge, or affect their civil capacities,"" Jefferson wrote.

Proponents say it is a protection of First Amendment rights. Opponents say it is discriminatory.

""As Thomas Jefferson noted, 'No provision in our Constitution ought to be dearer to man that which protects the rights of conscience against the enterprises of civil authority,'"" Pence wrote.

Abdul-Jabbar didn't point to any particular passage in the statute, but he might have been referring to Jefferson's view that ""our civil rights have no dependence on our religious opinions any more than our opinions in physics or geometry.""

Jefferson, however, believed that ""proscribing any citizen as unworthy the public confidence, by laying upon him an incapacity of being called to offices of trust and emolument, unless he profess or renounce this or that religious opinion, is depriving him injuriously of those privileges and advantages, to which, in common with his fellow citizens, he has a natural right.""

He also railed against compelling people ""to furnish contributions of money for the propagation of opinions which he disbelieves is sinful and tyrannical.""

As for Indiana's religious freedom law, it didn't seek to mandate a particular point of view, but shield those holding certain beliefs from being legally liable.

Furthermore, Jefferson was talking about the government discriminating against citizens. His Virginia Statue doesn't say anything about protecting private citizens' religious freedom from other individuals, which is what the recent crop of religious freedom laws are arguably about. At least, that's what many state supreme courts have found, for instance in the case of bakers and florists who refuse to service same-sex weddings.

Whether religious freedom laws are discriminatory is a matter of opinion, but it's certainly not clear that Jefferson's statute is at odds with them, making Abdul-Jabbar's claim far from a slam dunk. We rate it false.

The Democratic Party -- currently fighting to gain a majority in the Senate -- gave Katie McGinty a big platform for her upcoming race at the last night of the DNC. McGinty launched attacks against opponent Sen. Pat Toomey -- whom she will battle in November for a Pennsylvania seat -- spotlighting his financial policy on a national stage. Given the big audience, our team decided McGinty's claims deserved a full-blown Reality Check.

McGinty first emphasized Toomey's six-year investment career, claiming he had ""made his millions on Wall Street"" before launching into specific criticisms of his economic policy.

Even if you factor in generous bonuses, it is unlikely Toomey topped $2 million as a trader. He is, however, currently valued at $4.8 million by the Center for Responsive Politics -- which given his career history, almost certainly comes entirely from investment banking.

For these reasons, we rate McGinty's claim as true.

McGinty also delved into details on Toomey's voting record. ""He's still trying to sell us the same old trickle-down. We're not buying it. We know that trickle-down only benefits those who are already on the top. Trust the stock market with your hard-earned Social Security, Pat Toomey says. Trust the wheelers and dealers with your savings and you will be living large.""

As for trusting the stock market with ""your hard-earned Social Security,"" McGinty is likely referring to Toomey's 2010 Social Security privatization proposal, which targets a specific group of people. Democrat Joe Sestak, opposing Toomey in the 2010 midterm election, accused him of putting ""Wall Street profits ahead of protecting Pennsylvania seniors.""

If individuals did not want to participate, Toomey said they ""could stay with the current system of a guaranteed benefit."" McGinty's statement that Toomey encourages trusting the stock market with Social Security earnings is generally accurate, but leaves out some important context regarding whom Toomey's philosophy targets. That makes McGinty's second claim true, but misleading.

Texas Rep. Joaquin Castro said Trump has defended the internment of Japanese-Americans during WWII.

Castro's claim is rooted in comments the business mogul made last year to justify his proposed travel ban for Muslims. It's a bit of a stretch to characterize Trump's statements as a defense of President Franklin D. Roosevelt's proclamations ordering the imprisonment of Japanese immigrants in the aftermath of Pearl Harbor.

On ABC's ""Good Morning America,"" Trump said Roosevelt is remembered as a great president despite his legacy of Japanese internment.

""This is a president who is highly respected by all,"" said Trump. ""If you look at what he was doing, it was far worse (than the travel ban).""

As a follow up, the candidate was asked whether he supported bringing back policies similar to Roosevelt's wartime restrictions.

""I don't want to bring (them) back at all,"" said Trump. ""I don't like doing it at all.""

During a separate appearance on MSNBC's ""Morning Joe,"" Trump declined to say whether he thought the establishment of Japanese internment camps violated American values.

""I don't want to respond,"" Trump said. ""You know why? That's not what we're doing.""

Trump can scramble words like Jackson Pollock splattered paint, allowing for a broad array of interpretations to his patter. But we can't find anything in his commentary that suggests he has a favorable view of Japanese internment. We rate this claim false.",1
1515,Now Ted Cruz is the enemy: Rupert Murdoch and WSJ open fire in new GOP civil war,"Social conservatives are animated by religious concerns – everything else is tangential. On most issues, they’re out of step with the country, but that has never mattered: For the committed, political martyrdom is preferable to compromise (or winning elections).

Religious conservatives have supported the Republican Party almost exclusively since the 1980s. But that support was always conditional: Eventually, the GOP had to deliver on some of the cultural issues, like same-sex marriage or abortion. So far they haven’t, and the conservative base knows it.

The GOP has embraced this segment of the party for practical reasons, and there’s no doubt that it helped them in the short-term. But the union is becoming more fractured by the day, as the religious right continues to lose the culture war. From abortion to drug law reform to contraception to gay marriage, Republicans have surrendered to majority opinion – and the cultural momentum now seems inexorable.

In this election, the right is clamoring for an “outsider,” if only to protest against an establishment that has taken them for granted. And this internal dissent has upended the Republican presidential race. Candidates like Donald Trump, Ben Carson and Ted Cruz owe much of their success to this resentment.

It appears the GOP’s intrafamilial squabble has spilled onto the editorial page of the Wall Street Journal.

As Politico reported, the Journal has turned its guns on Ted Cruz, the ascendant outsider candidate. Cruz is a talented demagogue; he knows his evangelical base and he’s made every effort to woo them. Although a sitting U.S. senator, Cruz has positioned himself as the anti-establishment candidate, someone who will force the “Washington cartel” to deliver the goods to religious conservatives. This was clear enough in September when Cruz vowed to shut down the government over funding for Planned Parenthood, a move he knew had no chance of succeeding.

The Journal has become increasingly critical of the Texas senator, and for very good reasons. It represents the establishment, and its editorial page studiously defends deregulation, supply side economics and interventionism, all of which are essential to mainstream Republicanism – they’ve never been particularly concerned with the culture wars.

Like the pro-business Republicans who read their Op-Eds, however, the WSJ editorial board knows the GOP can’t win a general election with Cruz at the top of the ticket. According to the latest polls, both Clinton and Sanders would easily defeat Cruz in a general election, and the gap is likely to widen as independents and moderates pay closer attention to Cruz’s shenanigans.

Republican insiders also know Cruz is a huckster. His brinksmanship in the Senate tells you everything you need to know about his seriousness as a legislator. Cruz is a creation of the conservative media-industrial complex, and as popular as he may be inside that bubble, he’s positively toxic outside of it.

The Journal insists its criticisms of Cruz are “rooted in nothing more than substantive policy differences,” particularly as it relates to immigration, trade and national security issues. “It’s not a personal thing,” said editorial page editor Paul Gigot, “It’s a business thing. It’s a professional thing. We call them as we see them.” Naturally, the paper has been friendlier to Marco Rubio, who has become the default establishment candidate post-Jeb. This prompted Cruz to glibly suggest that “The Journal should change their header to the Marco Rubio for President Newspaper, because their attacks – and it’s going to keep coming because Marco fights for the principles they [emphasis mine] care about.” Cruz addressed the Journal’s hostility at length on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe“: “Listen, Joe, there are no conservatives in America who think ‘The Wall Street Journal’ is the voice of conservatism. As I talked about in my book, as you know, I wrote a book this summer called ‘A Time for Truth.’ The opening chapter talks about how the Washington cartel, the career politicians in both parties, who get in bed with the lobbyists and special interests, how they work, and the way Republican leadership punishes anyone who stands up to the cartel is they engage in public flagellation — as I describe in that opening chapter, ‘Mendacity,’ the most potent tool they have is ‘The Wall Street Journal’ editorial board. And anytime Republican leadership is mad at you — with me, that’s quite often — you can set a stop watch and within 72 hours, ‘The Journal’ hits you and they usually hit you twice.” All of this plays perfectly into Cruz’s outsider narrative. If the conservative paper of record castigates him for being unconservative, well, that’s because they’re not real conservatives. The WSJ represents the very establishment against which the religious right is reacting, and so a denouncement by them is a badge of honor for Cruz. As Matt Strawn, former chairman of the Iowa GOP, told Politico: “If the Journal’s opposition does anything with those voters [Tea Party and evangelical voters], it validates Cruz as an outsider not favored by the political and media elites. Does the WSJ editorial board have clout with many in the Republican Party? Of course. Does it have clout with the segment of Republican voters that Ted Cruz needs for success in the Iowa Caucuses? Not really.” If anything, then, the Cruz-WSJ spat only exacerbates the internal conflict within the GOP. The establishment Republicans who read the Wall Street Journal and the people who support Cruz or Trump or Carson have very divergent concerns. This will become more and more apparent as the presidential contest heats up next year.",1
4445,"The last days of Washington, D.C.: America can no longer mask its steep decline","Since 9/11, can there be any doubt that the public has become numb to the euphemisms that regularly accompany U.S. troops, drones, and CIA operatives into Washington’s imperial conflicts across the Greater Middle East and Africa?  Such euphemisms are meant to take the sting out of America’s wars back home.  Many of these words and phrases are already so well known and well worn that no one thinks twice about them anymore.

Here are just a few: collateral damage for killed and wounded civilians (a term used regularly since the First Gulf War of 1990-1991).   Enhanced interrogation techniques for torture, a term adopted with vigor by George W. Bush, Dick Cheney, and the rest of their administration (“techniques” that were actually demonstrated in the White House).  Extraordinary rendition for CIA kidnappings of terror suspects off global streets or from remote badlands, often followed by the employment of enhanced interrogation techniques at U.S. black sites or other foreign hellholes.  Detainees for prisoners and detention camp for prison (or, in some cases, more honestly, concentration camp), used to describe Guantánamo (Gitmo), among other places established offshore of American justice.  Targeted killings for presidentially ordered drone assassinations. Boots on the ground for yet another deployment of “our” troops (and not just their boots) in harm’s way. Even the Bush administration’s Global War on Terror, its label for an attempt to transform the Greater Middle East into a Pax Americana, would be redubbed in the Obama years overseas contingency operations (before any attempt at labeling was dropped for a no-name war pursued across major swathes of the planet).

As euphemisms were deployed to cloak that war’s bitter and brutal realities, over-the-top honorifics were assigned to America’s embattled role in the world. Exceptional, indispensable, and greatest have been the three words most commonly used by presidents, politicians, and the gung ho to describe this country. Once upon a time, if Americans thought this way, they felt no need to have their presidents and presidential candidates actually say so — such was the confidence of the golden age of American power.  So consider the constant redeployment of these terms a small measure of America’s growing defensiveness about itself, its sense of doubt and decline rather than strength and confidence.

To what end this concerted assault on the words we use? In George Orwell’s classic 1946 essay “Politics and the English Language,” he noted that his era’s equivalents for “collateral damage” were “needed if one wants to name things without calling up mental pictures of them.” Obviously, not much has changed in the intervening seven decades.  And this is, as Orwell intuited, a dangerous way to go.  Cloaking violent, even murderous actions in anodyne language might help a few doubting functionaries sleep easier at night, but it should make the rest of us profoundly uneasy.

The more American leaders and officials — and the media that quotes them endlessly — employ such euphemisms to cloak harsh realities, the more they ensure that such harshness will endure; indeed, that it is likely to grow harsher and more pernicious as we continue to settle into a world of euphemistic thinking.

In the future, some linguist or lexicographer will doubtless compile a dictionary of perpetual war and perhaps (since they may be linked) imperial decline, focusing on the grim processes and versions of failure language can cloak.  It would undoubtedly explore how certain words and rhetorical devices were used in twenty-first-century America to obscure the heavy burdens that war placed on the country, even as they facilitated its continuingfailed conflicts.  It would obviously include classic examples like surge, used in both Iraq and Afghanistan to obscure the way our government rushed extra troops into a battle zone in a moment of failure only ensuring the extension of that failure, and the now-classic phrase shock and awe that obscured the reality of a massive air strike on Baghdad that resulted in the deaths of dozens of civilians (“collateral damage”), but not the “decapitation” of a hated regime.

Don’t think, however, that the language of twenty-first-century American war was only meant to lull the public.  Less familiar words and terms continue to be used within the military not to clarify tasks at hand but to obscure certain obvious realities even from those sanctioned to deal with them.  Takeasymmetrical warfare, the gray zone, and VUCA.  Unless you spend time in Department of Defense and military circles, you probably haven’t heard of these.

Asymmetrical warfare suggests that the enemy fights unfairly and in a thoroughly cowardly fashion, regularly lurking behind and mixing with civilians (“hostages”), because that enemy doesn’t have the moxie to don uniforms and stand toe-to-toe in a “kinetic” smack-down with U.S. troops.  As a result, of course, the U.S. must be prepared for underhanded tactics and devious weaponry, including ambushes and IEDs (improvised explosive devices, or roadside bombs), as well as a range of other “unconventional” tactics now all too familiar in a world plagued by violent attacks against “soft” targets (aka civilians).  It must also be prepared to engage an enemy mixed in with a civilian population and so brace itself for the inevitable collateral damage that is now so much the essence of American war.

That groups like the Islamic State (ISIS) would choose to fight “asymmetrically” should hardly come as a surprise to anyone who’s ever been confronted by a much bigger and better armed kid in a schoolyard.  Misdirection, a sucker punch, a slingshot, even running away to fight another day are “asymmetrical” approaches that are sensible indeed for any outgunned and overmatched opponent.  The term is a truism, nothing more, when it comes to the realities of our world. It is, however, a useful way of framing matters for those in the Pentagon and the military who don’t want to think seriously about the grim course of action, focused significantly on civilian populations, they are pursuing, which often instills anger and the urge for revenge in such populations and so, in the end, runs at cross purposes to stated U.S. aims.

The “gray zone” is a fuzzy term used in military circles to describe the perplexing nature of lower-level conflicts, often involving non-state actors, that don’t qualify as full-fledged wars. These are often fought using non-traditional weapons and tactics ranging from cyber attacks to the propagandizing of potential terror recruits via social media. This “zone” is unnerving to Pentagon types in part because the vast majority of the Pentagon’s funding goes to conventional weaponry that’s as subtle as a sledgehammer: big-ticket items like aircraft carriers, nuclear submarines, main battle tanks, strategic bombers, and wildly expensive multi-role aircraft such as the F-35 (now estimated to cost roughly $1.4 trillion through its lifecycle).  Much of this weaponry is “too big to fail” in the funding wars in Washington, but regularly fails in the field precisely because it’s too big to be used effectively against the latest crop of evasive enemies.  Hence, that irresolvable gray zone which plagues America’s defense planners and operatives.

The question the gray zone both raises and obscures is: Why has the U.S. done so poorly when, by its own definition, it remains the biggest, baddest superpower around, the one that outspends its non-state enemies by a factor so large it can’t even be calculated?  Keep in mind, for instance, that the 9/11 attacks on American soil were estimated to have cost Osama bin Laden at most a half-million dollars. Multiply that by 400 and you can buy one “made in America” F-35 jet fighter. If the gray zone offers little help clarifying America’s military dilemmas, what about VUCA?  It’s an acronym for volatile, uncertain, complex, and ambiguous, which is meant to describe our post-9/11 world.  Of course, there’s nothing like an acronym to take the sting out of any world.  But as an historian who has read a lot of history books, let me confess that, to the best of my knowledge, the world has always been, is now, and will always be VUCA. For any future historian of the Pentagon’s language, let me sum things up this way: instead of honest talk about war in all its ugliness and uncertainty, military professionals of our era have tended to substitute buzz words, catchphrases, and acronyms.  It’s a way of muddying the water.  It allows the world of war to tumble on without serious challenge, which is why it’s been so useful in these years to speak of, say, COIN (Counterinsurgency) or 4GW(Fourth-Generation Warfare). Much like its most recent enthusiast, General David Petraeus, COIN has once again lost favor in the military, but Fourth-Generation Warfare is still riding high and sounds so refreshingly forward-looking, not like the stale Vietnam-era wine in a post-9/11 bottle that it is.  In reality, it’s another iteration of insurgency and COIN mixed and matched with Chinese Communist leader Mao Zedong’s people’s war.  To prevail in places like Afghanistan, so 4GW thinkers suggest, one needs to win hearts and minds — yes, that classic phrase of defeat in Vietnam — while securing and protecting (a definite COINage) the people against insurgents and terrorists.  In other words, we’re talking about an acronym that immediately begins to congeal if you use older words to describe it like “pacification” and “nation-building.” The latest 4GW jargon may not help win wars, but it does sometimes win healthy research grants from the government. The fact is that trendy acronyms and snappy buzz words have a way of limiting genuine thinking on war.  If America is to win (or, far better, avoid) future wars, its war professionals need to look more honestly at that phenomenon in all of its dimensions.  So, too, do the American people, for it’s in their name that such wars are allegedly waged. The Truth About “Progress” in America’s Wars These days, Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter often resorts to cancer imagery when describing the Islamic state. “Parent tumor” is an image he especially favors — that is, terrorism as a cancer that America’s militarized surgeons need to attack and destroy before it metastasizes and has “children.”  (Think of the ISIS franchises in Libya, where the organization has recently doubled in size, Afghanistan, and Yemen.)  Hence the proliferation of “surgical strikes” by drones and similarly “surgical” Special Ops raids, both of which you could think of as America’s equivalent of white blood cells in its war on the cancer of terrorism. But is terrorism really a civilizational cancer that can be “cured” via the most aggressive “kinetic” treatments?  Can the U.S. render the world cancer-free?  For that’s what Carter’s language implies.  And how does one measure “progress” in a “war” on the cancer of ISIS?  Indeed, from an outsider’s perspective, the proliferation of U.S. military bases around the world (there are now roughly 800), as well as of drone strikes, Special Ops raids, and massive weapons exports might have a cancerous look to them.  In other words, what constitutes a “cancer” depends on one’s perspective — and perhaps one’s definition of world “health,” too. The very notion of progress in America’s recent wars is one that a colleague, Michael Murry, recently critiqued.  A U.S. Navy Vietnam War Veteran, he wrote me that, for his favorite military euphemism, “I have to go with ‘progress’ as incessantly chanted by the American military brass in Iraq and Afghanistan… “We go on hearing about 14 years of ‘progress’ which, to hear our generals tell it, would vanish in an instant should the United States withdraw its forces and let the locals and their neighbors sort things out. Since when do ‘fragile gains’ equate to ‘progress’? Who in their right mind would invest rivers of blood and trillions of dollars in ‘fragility’?  Now that I think of it, we also have the euphemistic expression of ‘drawdown’ substituting for ‘withdrawal’ which in turn substitutes for ‘retreat.’ The U.S. military and the civilian government it has browbeaten into hapless acquiescence simply cannot face the truth of their monumental failures and so must continually bastardize our language in a losing — almost comical — attempt to stay one linguistic step ahead of the truth.” Progress, as Murry notes, basically means nothing when such “gains,” in the words of David Petraeus during the surge months in Iraq in 2007, are both “fragile” and “reversible.” Indeed, Petraeus repeated the same two words in 2011 to describe similar U.S. “progress” in Afghanistan, and today it couldn’t be clearer just how much “progress” was truly made there.  Isn’t it time for government officials to stop banging the drums of war talk in favor of “progress” when none exists? Think, for instance, of the American-trained (and now re-trained) Iraqi security forces. Each year U.S. officials swear that the Iraqi military is getting ever closer to combat readiness, but much like one of Zeno’s paradoxes, the half-steps that military takes under American tutelage never seem to get it into fighting shape.  Progress, eternally touted, seems always to lead to regress, eternally explained away, as that army regularly underperforms or its units simply collapse, often abandoning their American-supplied weaponry to the enemy.  Here we are, 12 years after the U.S. began training the Iraqi military and once again it seems to be cratering, this time while supposedly on the road to retaking Iraq’s second largest city, Mosul, from its Islamic State occupiers.  Progress, anyone? In short, the dishonesty of the words the U.S. military regularly wields illustrates the dishonesty of its never-ending wars. After so many years of failure and frustration, of wars that aren’t won and terrorist movements that only seem to spread as its leaders are knocked off, isn’t it past time for Americans to ditch phrases like “collateral damage,” “enemy noncombatant,” “no-fly zone” (or even worse, “safe zone”), and “surgical strike” and adopt a language, however grim, that accurately describes the military realities of this era? Words matter, especially words about war.  So as a change of pace, instead of the usual bloodless euphemisms and vapid acronyms, perhaps the U.S. government could tell the shocking and awful truth to the American people in plain language about the realities and dangers of never-ending war.",1
2315,16 Times The Obama Administration Lied About The President's Position On Same-Sex Marriage,"WASHINGTON -- It can now, apparently, be told: During his run for the presidency and his first years in the White House, President Barack Obama deceived the American public about his position on same-sex marriage.

The revelation, underwhelming as it may be to those who followed the debate closely, came in a passage from the president's longtime aide and adviser David Axelrod in his new book, Believer: My Forty Years In Politics. Axelrod admits that Obama personally supported the legalization of marriage equality for same-sex couples but claimed he didn't for political reasons.

Gay marriage was a particularly nagging issue. For as long as we had been working together, Obama had felt a tug between his personal views and the politics of gay marriage…. [H]e grudgingly accepted the counsel of more pragmatic folks like me, and modified his position to support civil unions rather than marriage, which he would term a ""sacred union."" Having prided himself on forthrightness, though, Obama never felt comfortable with his compromise and, no doubt, compromised position. He routinely stumbled over the question when it came up in debates or interviews. ""I'm just not very good at bullshitting,"" he said with a sigh after one such awkward exchange.

It had long been assumed that Obama supported gay marriage and hid it for the sake of political expedience. After all, he had signed a questionnaire in 1996 while running for the state senate in Illinois saying he was a proponent. Would it really be possible that he regressed while the rest of the country evolved?

Of course not. And yet, there is something striking about Axelrod's passage, if only because it puts an end to the lengthy series of misdirection, spin and even lies that the administration told for years to avoid revealing Obama's true belief on the matter. Dating back to his Senate run in 2004, Obama and his aides repeatedly insisted that he wasn't yet fully comfortable with marriage for gay couples as a right, even though he clearly was. As the New York Times' Mike Barbaro put it:

""Gay marriage was a particularly nagging issue. For as long as we had been working together, Obama had felt a tug between his personal views and the politics of gay marriage. As a candidate for the state senate in 1996 from liberal Hyde Park, he signed a questionnaire promising his support for legalization. I had no doubt that this was his heartfelt belief. ""I just don't feel my marriage is somehow threatened by the gay couple next door,"" he told me. Yet he also knew his view was way out in front of the public's. Opposition to gay marriage was particularly strong in the black church, and as he ran for higher office, he grudgingly accepted the counsel of more pragmatic folks like me, and modified his position to support civil unions rather than marriage, which he would term a ""sacred union."" Having prided himself on forthrightness, though, Obama never felt comfortable with his compromise and, no doubt, compromised position. He routinely stumbled over the question when it came up in debates or interviews. ""I'm just not very good at bullshitting,"" he said with a sigh after one such awkward exchange. By 2010 he had told reporters that his position was ""evolving,"" and in 2011 the administration announced that it would no longer fight in court to uphold the Defense of Marriage Act, a controversial Clinton-era law absolving federal and state governments of their obligation to recognize gay marriages sanctioned in states where they were legal. Yet if Obama's views were ""evolving"" publicly, they were fully evolved behind closed doors. The president was champing at the bit to announce his support for the right of gay and lesbian couples to wed -- and having watched him struggle with this issue for years, I was ready, too. Jim Messina, the campaign manager, was nervous about the impact of such a step. ""We've looked at this and it could cost you a couple of battleground states; North Carolina, for one,"" he said. By year's end, however, Obama was no longer interested in analysis. ""I just want you guys to know that if a smart reporter asks me how I would vote on this if I were still in the state legislature, I'm going to tell the truth. I would vote yes.""

""What I can tell you is I have not had an opportunity to read all 520 pages of Mr. Axelrod’s book,"" Earnest said at the daily briefing. ""The first-hand account that he provides in the context of the book is not one that I would disagree with or quibble with. He obviously is sharing his views as he remembers them and sometimes his perspective is informed by his up-close, front-row seat to history.""

""Frankly, I don’t think I have a whole lot more to contribute to that,"" he said at one point.

""I think the president’s record on these issues speaks to this even better than I possibly could,"" he said at another.",1
4213,"In Bronx, Sanders voters find more common ground with Trump than Clinton","Sanders and Trump supporters are poles apart on many major issues, but a rally shows their shared revolutionary fervor and, in some cases, even an affinity.

Or so say many of the homemade signs here on a cool evening at Saint Mary's Park in the South Bronx on Thursday, as an estimated 15,000 people thronged to hear the presidential candidate with the oft-punned name.

Noah Biron, a 19-year-old waiter at a country club in Connecticut came of age politically via the unexpected inspiration from the senator from Vermont. Climate change is his No. 1 issue, he says, as he holds a “Mother Earth” poster. He’s also been drawn to Bernie Sanders's proposals for education reform and free tuition for all.

“Bernie is an honest man,” Mr. Biron says. “He speaks his mind – a lot like Trump – but with a lot more love.”

References to the controversial real estate mogul, however, were very few at the rally, in fact. And surprisingly, when there were, there was little vitriol toward the leading GOP candidate, who has also on the Republican side. Sanders supporters here say they see common ground with Trump supporters in their desire to shake up the Washington establishment and their candidates' populist messages.

The actress and Coney Island native Rosario Dawson, who opened the evening rally on Thursday, even described Donald Trump as, in many ways, a fellow revolutionary at this moment in American political history.

“We need to be reaching out and talking to those folks who are supporting Trump,” Ms. Dawson told the Bronx crowd. “Why? Because they are supporting him for a reason. They are standing up behind him because he’s opposed to the establishment as well. And they’re literally standing behind a guy who they know will go into the Oval Office and say, ‘You’re fired!’ ’’

“I can understand that,” Ms. Dawson continued. “But I’m supporting the guy who’s looking at all of us and saying, ‘You’re hired.’ ”

Trump's inflammatory comments about Muslims, Latino immigrants, and women seemed less top of mind in Saint Mary's Park than his supporters’ demand for economic change. While supporters of the two insurgent candidates share a belief they've been left behind by the globalized, digital economy, a new Pew Research Center survey shows that supporters of the two insurgent candidates are far apart on the issues. For example, 69 percent of Trump supporters think that immigrants are a burden on the US, while 14 percent of Sanders voters share that belief. Some 64 percent of Trump voters believe that Muslims should be subject to greater scrutiny, while just 12 percent of Sanders supporters do. Some 77 percent of Sanders voters believe that the government should be responsible for providing health care for all; just 14 percent of Trump voters do.

References to Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton, on the other hand, drew boos, hisses, and even shouts of anger. And while the Democratic race has not been nearly as much of a bitter intra-party battle as the Republican side, there are continuing signs of deep divisions among the Bernie and Hillary factions.

Dawson excoriated “the other Democratic candidate” for referring to undocumented workers as “illegals” and for using the terms “superpredators” and “deadbeats” when talking about crime and welfare reform in the past. “Shame on you, Hillary,” she said, also referencing the FBI investigation into her use of a non-government email server.

Much of this, of course, can be attributed to the heat of the presidential race, and former Secretary of State Clinton’s commanding, if not nearly insurmountable, lead in the race for the Democratic nomination. But person after person at the rally expressed a deep distaste for “the other candidate.”

“I don’t trust her, and I don’t think I would support her even if the Democratic party chooses her,” says Stephanie Edwards, a public relations specialist from Washington Heights in Manhattan, and an eight-year veteran who served as a combat medic with the US Army. “I feel like it’s time to break the mold, it’s time to do something different.”

She notes, too, that “this is the first time I’ve ever gotten involved in a campaign to this magnitude,” volunteering for Sanders’s phone banks and canvassing operations after hearing something she’s never heard before from a politician. Now 40, this was her first political rally.

Clinton’s support for the crime bill signed into law by her husband, former President Bill Clinton, directly affected her family, say Ms. Edwards. Her uncle was deported to the Dominican Republic after being convicted of two misdemeanor crimes in New York, she says.

Kevin Rose, a bartender in Greenwich Village in Manhattan, who immigrated from Canada 20 years ago, recently became a citizen just to vote for Sanders, he says. But he would “absolutely not” vote for Clinton. “I don’t trust her; never have, never will,” he says. “I will likely still vote for Bernie as a write-in campaign, if she wins.”

Another speaker at the rally, the Puerto Rican rapper and multiple Grammy winner Residente, told the diverse crowd that “It will represent an insult to consider yourself Latin American and vote for her,” since she praised former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger, “the author of the most despicable Latin American genocide and the architect of Latin American dictatorship, responsible for all of those who disappeared in the '60s, '70s and '80s,” he said.

Still, a path to a Sanders victory seems remote, and the delegate math is more than daunting. Sanders must win about 57 percent of the remaining delegates – or win most of the remaining races by landslides – just to barely surpass Clinton with a majority of pledged delegates. Then, he must convince enough superdelegates, those unbound party leaders and elected officials who overwhelmingly support Clinton at the moment, to shift their allegiance to his campaign.

But most of the pledged delegates will be allocated in five big states – New York, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Maryland, and California – where Clinton currently leads Sanders in polls. In New York, the former senator here leads her former colleague from Vermont 54 percent to 42 percent, released Thursday.

Sanders supporters, however, remain undaunted. And Clinton events don’t show nearly the same fervid, boisterous support – some even call it love – that is present at the Vermont candidate’s rallies.

“A great nation is judged not by how many millionaires and billionaires it has,” he told his Bronx supporters on Thursday. “It is judged by how it treats the most vulnerable people in that country.”

He told the Bronx crowd of 15,000 how his father came to this country from Poland at the age of 17 “without a nickel in his pocket.” He described how his family lived in a 3-1/2 room, rent-controlled apartment in nearby Brooklyn, where he went to high school, years ago. “So I learned a little bit about what it means to grow up in a family that has no money, and I also learned a little bit about the immigrant experience. Those lessons I will never forget.”

At this, the crowd erupted. Among those jumping and shouting was Raquel Rodriguez, a 21-year-old student and first-time voter, holding a sign with the '70s-era saying, “The revolution will not be televised.”

Her hand-made poster also slyly included the digital age slogans, #FeelTheBern, #BernieOrBust, and #StillSanders, as well as a diss: “Hey CNN, are you seein’ this?”

Young people, she notes, prefer the free-wheeling hashtag communications of social media, especially since Sanders supporters say news networks have been ignoring their candidate while televising entire rallies of the Republican front-runner, the Queens-born billionaire Donald Trump – himself a master of the provocative tweet.

It’s statements like these that inspire Ms. Rodriguez, who takes college courses online, and says she never thought she would get so involved in politics – or “this revolution.”

“I cannot currently afford to get into a regular college or university, and that’s why I’m so pro-Bernie, so pro-education reform,” she says. “I’ve seen countless kids in situations like mine fall behind, and just sort of fall by the wayside of the educational locomotive. It’s disgraceful, it really is.

“But Bernie’s been there from day one fighting for the people,” Rodriguez continues. “Bernie is only involved in politics because he gives a (darn), and that is a beautiful thing.”",1
372,The debate moderators missed the opportunity to ask about a real Democratic divide,"So far, none of the presidential debates — Democratic or Republican — have asked about K-12 education. That's a huge missed opportunity.

Education really is a divisive issue within the Democratic Party, and one on which Hillary Clinton has indicated she might take a different tack than President Obama.

Last week, Obama signed a new federal education law, the Every Student Succeeds Act. For the first time in more than two decades, it will scale back the federal government's role in education. While teachers unions and congressional Republicans both like the new law, it's received criticism from the left from those who say that states can't be trusted to safeguard the well-being of poor and minority students. (Clinton said in a statement that she supports the law, although it's not perfect.)

This would have been the ideal jumping-off point for a question about education policy:

President Obama just signed the Every Student Succeeds Act, which keeps the standardized testing requirement from No Child Left Behind but gives states more freedom to decide which schools are succeeding, and what to do about the ones that aren't. Do you trust states to make the right decisions without federal oversight? And how would you work within the constraints of the law to improve education in the US?

K-12 education has been almost entirely absent from the 2016 campaign trail so far. But Clinton's few public statements suggest that she might be friendlier to teachers unions than President Obama, who often antagonized unions with his competitive grant programs, support for charter schools, and push to evaluate teachers based in part on their students' test scores.

Clinton, who has been endorsed by both major teachers unions, has suggested charter schools cherry-pick their students. She opposes tying teacher pay to their students' test scores, saying there's ""no evidence"" that approach works. And she's said that getting more funding for traditional federal education programs, such as federal money to educate poor students and students with disabilities, would be a top priority.

Sen. Bernie Sanders, meanwhile, has hardly talked about K-12 eduction at all. And former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley was a strong supporter of charter schools while in office. This is a big and important division within the Democratic Party, one that debates repeatedly miss their chance to highlight.",1
826,Four big takeaways from Trump's 'Acela Primary' triumph,"Whoever dubbed Tuesday, April 26 the “Acela Primary” (because the five states that held primaries on that day coincide with the route of Amtrak’s fastest carrier) needs a refresher in how trains and Republican presidential hopefuls run.

The Washington-to-Boston Acela service is known for the three things: speed, “quiet cars” and higher fares.

You won’t find those first two traits – swiftness and silence – in this boisterous, time-consuming GOP affair. Expensive, yes, but not a joy ride.

Here are four takeaways, now that the Republican local has completed its northeastern course.

Trump Towered. I’ve kept struggling with a way to best characterize Donald Trump’s roll – New York last week; Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, Pennsylvania and Rhode Island all this week.

One thought: Trump 2016 looks a lot like the American map circa the mid-1700’s. He’s conquered 12 of the 13 original colonies (New Jersey votes on June 7), plus most of the southeast. Except for a few states here and there, Trump controls the American continent east of the Mississippi River.

But now the race moves west. First up: Indiana, on May 3 (more on that in a moment). A week later: West Virginia and Nebraska.

After that, the GOP field spends quality time on the West Coast – two weeks in Oregon and Washington – before a final push in California, Montana, New Mexico, South Dakota and the aforementioned New Jersey.

The question: Trump has momentum as he steps off the Acela. Then again, so too did Texas Sen. Ted Cruz after he rolled Trump in Wisconsin’s April 5 primary.

From this point forward to California, will it be “nomemtum” or “big mo” for The Donald?

Isn’t It Bromantic? You’ve heard of Rudolph Valentino, but maybe not Jean Acker. She was Valentino’s first wife – best known for supposedly locking him out of the bedroom on their wedding night, never consummating the marriage, yet suing for the legal right to “Mrs. Rudolph Valentino”.

The political marriage between Cruz and Ohio Gov. John Kasich (quicker even than Valentino and Acker’s two-month courtship) may not turn out to be as cinematic.

But there is the matter of consummation.

Cruz thinks Kasich intends to cede Indiana to the more conservative Texan; Kasich has told reporters he’s not instructing his followers to switch to Cruz.

It’s anyone’s guess as to whether Cruz and Kasich much care for each other. What I don’t understand: why they felt the need to go public with their hasty nuptials. Other than the obvious reason: they both realize the urgency of the moment – far behind in delegates, needing to defeat Trump soon before he salts away the GOP nomination.

It’s funny how fast things can change in politics: we entered April with Trump looking wobbly; we’ll exit the month with Cruz and Kasich resorting to a bromance that reeks of desperation.

Hoosier Daddy. A word about campaigning in Indiana, home to a pivotal presidential contest and a contentious GOP Senate primary both of which are playing out along “establishment/outsider” lines: if I were working the basketball-crazy state, I’d want one of three individuals by my side – basketball legend Larry Bird, former Indiana University Coach Bobby Knight, or the kid who drained the jumper at the end of “Hoosiers”.

OK, Jimmy Chitwood doesn’t exist in real life and “Larry Legend” isn’t all that political (though he once snubbed Ronald Reagan). That leaves us with Coach Knight, who’s appearing with Trump at a Wednesday evening rally in Indianapolis.

It’s not the first sports endorsement to come Trump’s way – Buffalo Bills Coach Rex Ryan warmed up the crowd for him at a rally the day before New York’s primary.  And it begs the question of pro-Trump star power other than the “Apprentice” and Gary Busey, Wayne Newton and Jon Voight.

With polls showing Trump holding a narrow lead among Hoosiers, Cruz could use some star-power of his own – better yet, maybe a Gene Hackman pep talk.

California. The Chicago Cubs have waited 71 years for a World Series appearance; 108 years for a title. California’s absence from the national political picture seems just as pronounced.

Post-Acela Primary, Trump’s delegate count has risen well into the 900’s. That puts him three-fourths of the way to 1,237, which is now officially out of reach for Cruz (until after a first ballot in Cleveland, when pledged delegates can begin switching their votes).

Here’s why California matters more with each passing week: Trump can’t win without taking a gluttonous portion of the Golden State’s 172 GOP delegates (to get to 1,237 on June 7, I’m guessing he’ll have to score 140 delegates); as such, it’s the #nevertrump movement’s last chance to derail him.

In California Amtrak parlance, that primary would be a ticket on the Coast Starlight – a three-day ride along the West Coast that isn’t fast and isn’t cheap.

And unlike Tuesday’s Acela experience: maybe the only real hope of throwing Trump from the train.

Bill Whalen is a research fellow at Stanford University's Hoover Institution, where he analyzes California and national politics. He also blogs daily on the 2016 election at www.adayattheracesblog.com. Follow him on Twitter @hooverwhalen.",1
54,Elite conservative moneymen remain on sidelines,"Washington (CNN) The nation's most elite conservative donors are just as split as Republican voters are about who to support for president -- and it's keeping many of the leading moneymen on the sidelines of the campaign as it barrels through the summer of 2015.

Only a quarter of the top conservative donors in 2012 and 2014 have decided to exclusively support one White House hopeful, according to a CNN analysis of super PAC filings posted Friday. In a splintered field where no presidential candidate holds a commanding lead, the records reveal in the clearest terms yet just how few financiers have made their decisions.

Some, like casino magnate Sheldon Adelson, the party's top giver in 2012, have not cut any checks to Republican candidates' allied groups. Others, like Houston Texans owner Bob McNair, have donated simultaneously to as many as four aspirants, spreading their money around the field.

""There's nobody clearly ahead,"" said Jay Bergman, a top Republican donor who has given sparingly to the super PACs that have courted him for the past six months. ""Until that emerges, a lot of people are not going to commit themselves.""

Months before they formally announced their bids, potential candidates courted contributors at lavish resorts and with one-on-one visits. This weekend, five Republican hopefuls will travel to Dana Point to woo the network of donors organized by Charles and David Koch, two of the country's richest Americans who themselves have not donated to any candidate's super PAC so far.

Those groups raised $250 million in the first half of 2015, records show, $103 million of which was raised by the super PAC supporting former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush. Four years ago, Mitt Romney's super PAC led the field at the time by raising $12 million in the same filing period.

Thanks to 2010 Supreme Court decisions that led to an explosion in super PACs, which can accept unlimited donations from individuals and corporations, nearly every candidate has eyed the nation's billionaires to bankroll their political ambitions. And the reports Friday reveal they're as dependent as ever on their goodwill: A single hand's worth of Republican funders comprise a majority of most of the allied outside spending groups that will go to war with one another this year as the Iowa caucuses approach.

But these donors' influence will wane as more and more well-heeled contributors join in the political giving that they revolutionized in 2012 and 2014. Fundraisers and Republican operatives say that when the super PACs file their next campaign finance reports in early January, many of the top donors will no longer be uncommitted.

""Voters, as well as donors, may have preferences, but the numbers are really soft,"" Saul Anuzis, a fundraiser for the Republican Governors Association, said of the current landscape. ""Just like any activist letting it play itself out, there are lots of donors letting the final process play itself out.""

In the meantime, politicians are left waiting.

In addition to Adelson and the Kochs, New York investor Paul Singer, who gave $10.5 million to outside groups in 2014, remains uncommitted. As do Silicon Valley angel investor Peter Thiel and Kentucky executive Wayne Hughes.

And they're not alone, according to a CNN analysis that tracked current giving by 90 people who were ranked by the Center for Responsive Politics as being among the most prolific donors to conservative groups in 2012 and 2014. Among those donors, half are currently sitting out.

But for those who are giving, they seem to have a strong preference for the governors in the race.

Bush has a clear lead among the mega-donors in CNN's analysis, with 30% of the elite donors giving to his super PAC, Right to Rise USA. No other candidate in the race was able to persuade so many of the top conservative donors to open their wallets at this early stage.

Another favorite is New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, but his mega-donors are hedging their bets. The five donors that contributed to his super PAC also gave to groups supporting Bush, Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida and former Hewlett-Packard Chief Executive Carly Fiorina.

With an unprecedented number of hopefuls in the race, many donors are shying away from investing in just one candidate. Half of the elite donors who are giving this year donated to multiple groups.

""A lot of it is bet-hedging,"" said top donor John Jordan, who owns a California winery and is backing Scott Walker. ""That's what a lot of people do if they like more than one.""

Candidates like Rubio, Fiorina and Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal were the second choice of many who gave to multiple groups, according to the CNN analysis.

The most prolific double-donator was McNair, the Texans owner, who contributed $500,000 to groups supporting Bush, Walker, Cruz and Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina.

Still, it's impossible to know for sure how much money is flowing. Super PACs must disclose their donors, as they did Friday with hundreds of pages of filings with the Federal Election Commission. But for donors looking to give discreetly, some candidates have allied nonprofit organizations that are registered with the IRS but don't ever have to name names.

Super PACs are taking over more and more functions of traditional campaigns this cycle, with the outside groups organizing field programs in early-voting states and even announcing endorsements given to the official campaign. But the risk for candidates is that these groups are heavily dependent on a few billionaires to sustain their presidential operations.

Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas, who shocked many Republicans by corralling $38 million for his super PAC, raised $36 million of that from three families alone. Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee, a favorite of Iowa evangelicals, posted only a $3.6 million haul -- a sum that would be significantly lower had Arkansas poultry producer Ronnie Cameron not given Huckabee's group $3 million.

The fortunes of groups linked to top-tier Republican candidates like Walker and Rubio were similarly attached to the pockets of their financiers: Half of Walker's $20 million haul came from two people. Half of Rubio's came from two.

Some other Republicans showed the potential to have a deeper reservoir of financial firepower. Bush shattered fundraising records by deploying his family's fundraising network to collect $103 million for his super PAC. But he also built that support on a wider base: His top 24 donors only accounted for about a quarter of all the money raised.

But candidates shouldn't fear that juggernaut, said Anuzis, who is supporting Cruz.

""With almost all the candidates in single digits, this is a wide open ballgame,"" he said.",1
4022,Russia carries out new airstrikes in Syria,"(CNN) Russia's airstrikes in Syria ""do not go beyond ISIL (ISIS), al Nusra or other terrorist groups recognized by the United Nations Security Council or Russian law,"" Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said Thursday.

Pushed to define ""other terrorist groups,"" Lavrov said: ""If it looks like a terrorist, if it acts like a terrorist, if it walks like a terrorist, if it fights like a terrorist, it's a terrorist, right?""

Lavrov was addressing reporters at the U.N. in New York Thursday, on the second day of airstrikes by Russian warplanes in Syria.

Moscow, which supports the regime of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, has been accused of using the strikes to target anti-Assad groups including the U.S.-backed opposition group the Free Syrian Army (FSA).

But Lavrov said Russia does not consider the FSA a terrorist group. ""We believe that Free Syrian Army should be part of the political process,"" he said.

""The goal of our operation -- in response to the request of President Assad and on the basis of the decision granted by the Russian parliament to the Russian President in accordance with the Russian constitution -- the goal is terrorism and we are not supporting anyone against their own people. We fight terrorism,"" Lavrov said.

Lavrov questioned the U.S.-led coalition's legitimacy, given the mission had not received the consent of the U.N. Security Council or any ""request of one of the countries on whose territories they operate.""

""You cannot avoid the impression that the legal basis of the coalition activities in Syria is really flawed,"" he said.

""As far as I understand, the coalition announced ISIL and other associated groups as the enemy and the coalition does the same as Russia [does]. Somehow some people try to present the coalition action as leading to a political settlement and Russia fighting the same people is being perceived or presented like defending the regime. It's absolutely unfair,"" he said.

The foreign minister also questioned the logic of trying to topple al-Assad to further the fight against ISIS, asking whether the removal of Saddam Hussein in Iraq and Moammar Gadhafi in Libya had made those countries better places.

Russia's Defense Ministry issued a statement earlier Thursday saying that it had carried out new airstrikes.

""Russian Aerospace Forces engaged another four #ISIS facilities in #Syria this night,"" the Ministry announced on Twitter along with gun camera video showing large explosions.

The strikes were carried out by eight Russian SU-24 and SU-25 jets, which claimed to hit ISIS ""terrorist staff"" and an ammunition dump near Idlib and another headquarters in Hama.

But 24 hours into the military campaign, there were concerns it was targeting those who oppose al-Assad, including more moderate factions that are supported by the United States and others in the West.

The Syrian Ambassador to Russia, Riad Haddad, told CNN's Matthew Chance that Russians were fighting alongside the Syrians, to destroy not just ISIS but all of the other rebel groups in Syria.

Haddad said all of the rebel groups, including ISIS, have a common goal: ""to spread terror.""

He told CNN that the impact of the Russian airstrikes over the past few days has been more effective than all of the coalition airstrikes so far combined and that the Syrian army and the Russian army are working side by side, sharing intelligence and data and working very closely together.

A Syrian opposition activist living north of Homs near one of the villages targeted -- Talbiseh -- told CNN that ISIS had no presence in the area.

""Russian warplanes were targeting civilians and innocent people only, Putin is lying about targeting Daesh militants,"" Khdaier Khushfa said via Skype. Daesh is another name for ISIS.

""Daesh withdrew from the northern countryside of Homs in an announcement they made a year ago after the groups refused to deal with them, including Ahrar al Sham and Revolutionaries Front,"" he said.

""We know that Russia is the biggest ally of the Syrian regime, and since Bashar al-Assad considers us terrorists, then there is no doubt that Putin knows these areas are under our control and not Daesh.""

Khushfa said the Russian strikes had killed 17 civilians in Talbiseh and 11 in Zafaraniya, despite rebel military posts and headquarters being located outside the two villages.

""We are used to the regime airstrikes but now the entire world is watching another country killing civilians in cold blood without taking any action,"" he said. ""We are very concerned about what will happen next -- civilians I spoke to are very scared -- it's like, after five years since the revolution started we are back to ground zero.""

U.S. officials have also questioned whether ISIS is active in the areas hit by the Russian strikes.

Sen. John McCain -- chairman of the U.S. Senate Armed Services Committee -- told CNN's Chris Cuomo that he could ""absolutely confirm"" that the initial strikes were ""against our Free Syrian Army or groups that have been armed and trained by the CIA, because we have communications with people there.""

McCain called the Russian strikes ""an incredible flouting of any kind of cooperation or effort to conceal what their first -- Putin's priority is. And that is of course to prop up Bashar al-Assad.""

Defense Secretary Ash Carter said Wednesday that the Russian attacks, which the Kremlin said were meant to target terrorists, didn't appear to hit targets under the control of ISIS, which operates in the north and east of the country.

But the White House downplayed the dangers of the Russian move.

""I think the Russians have made clear that they're not interested in provoking a conflict,"" White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said. ""Their actions thus far indicate that that's what they believe.""

The U.S. and Russian military will hold a secure video teleconference call Thursday. The U.S. will be represented by Elissa Slotkin, assistant secretary of defense for international security affairs, and Vice Adm. Frank Craig Pandolfe, director of strategic plans and policy on the Joint Staff, according to the Pentagon.

The Iraqi Prime Minister welcomed Russia's involvement in the fight against ISIS.

For that reason, al-Abadi said, Iraq appreciated anyone willing to join the fight.

""Our message to the Russians -- I met with Putin -- please join this fight against Da'esh,"" he said, using another name for ISIS. ""Da'esh is a dangerous terrorist organization, not only against Iraq, against Syria, against the whole region, against the whole world. It is time that we all join the same forces to fight Da'esh.""

In his comments at the United Nations, Lavrov said that Russia had no plans to move its operations into Iraq.

""No we are not planning to expand our airstrikes to Iraq,"" he said. We are polite people -- we don't come if we are not invited.""

Meanwhile, the Israel Defense Forces said Thursday that senior defense officials from Israel and Russia are scheduled to meet next Tuesday in Tel Aviv to address the coordination between the two militaries in the region. Israel's deputy chief of staff, Maj. Gen. Yair Golan, along with his Russian counterpart Maj. Gen. Nikolai Bogdanovski, are to meet at the Kirya Base in Tel Aviv, the IDF said.",1
3407,McConnell to Obama: Dems started the SCOTUS wars,"Washington (CNN) In an awkward meeting at the White House this month, Mitch McConnell had a message for his adversaries: Democrats had only themselves to blame for the escalating war over the Supreme Court.

McConnell, according to two sources familiar with the session, singled out the four Democrats in the room: Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid, Vermont Sen. Patrick Leahy, Vice President Joe Biden and President Barack Obama himself. He said all four of them did something he and Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley did not do: Attempt to filibuster Samuel Alito's nomination in 2006, setting a new precedent in the Supreme Court wars.

""You reap what you sow,"" McConnell said, according to the sources.

In the aftermath of Obama's Wednesday decision to nominate federal judge Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court, Republicans now are planning on setting yet another precedent: Denying confirmation hearings for a nominee, something that has not been done since such proceedings became common practice more than 60 years ago. The hardline has given Democrats ammunition against the GOP-led Senate for treating a qualified nominee unfairly, an argument they plan to make as they try to defeat a handful of vulnerable senators in swing states in November.

But in interviews with CNN, the Republican leadership's resolve to deny a hearing for Obama's pick only seemed to be hardening after the President's announcement. And they got backup from some key at-risk senators, who said that the next president -- not the current one-- should make the Supreme Court choice.

New Hampshire Sen. Kelly Ayotte, one of the most endangered Republicans this year, said ""out of courtesy and respect,"" she's ""open"" to meeting with Garland, breaking with McConnell, who opposes scheduling such a visit. But she was firmly in McConnell's camp when it came to whether Garland should be considered by the full Senate.

""I still believe this position is a lifetime appointment and one that will have a consequential impact on the country and the Supreme Court for decades to come. So I continue to believe that we should consider the people's view on this by waiting for the confirmation process to go forward after the elections in November,"" Ayotte said.

Other vulnerable senators, like Rob Portman of Ohio and Pat Toomey of Pennsylvania, sided with Ayotte.

Adam Jentleson, a spokesman for Reid, said the GOP is taking obstruction to a whole new level.

""Mitch McConnell is the world's most accomplished hypocrite,"" Jentleson said. ""Alito received fair hearings, floor consideration and was confirmed.""

The public pressure will begin Thursday when Garland begins to make the rounds on Capitol Hill, as GOP senators are split on whether to even meet with him. It will intensify over the next two weeks in the home states of endangered Republican senators, with protests by activists that they hope can turn into negative media coverage over the GOP's hardline.

Democrats have privately circled July 4 as their target date to get the GOP to crack, before the party conventions that month, the August recess and a brief September session ahead of the November elections.

""I think the Republican leadership position is completely untenable and unsustainable,"" said Sen. Richard Blumenthal, D-Connecticut. ""Because No. 1, the American people are absolutely fed up with a Senate that is stuck in gridlock and constant paralysis. What I hear most commonly from my constituents is 'why can't you get things done?'""

Some Republicans seemed receptive to that argument.

Sen. Mark Kirk, who faces a tough re-election in the blue state of Illinois, said he will ""assess Judge Merrick Garland based on his record and qualifications.""

And the Maine moderate, Sen. Susan Collins, who voted in 1997 to put Garland in his current spot as the chief judge for the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, said she'd meet with the judge and called on the Judiciary Committee to move forward with hearings.

""I believe the Senate Judiciary Committee should hold a hearing,"" Collins said. ""That would be the normal course.""

""I supported him,"" Roberts said when asked why he voted for him in 1997.

Would he vote for him now?

""It's not about the person,"" Roberts said, repeating the mantra from this party leadership. ""It's about the process. Let the people decide.""

Pennsylvania's Toomey, one of the vulnerable Republicans facing a tough re-election in a swing state, dashed from reporters in the Capitol Wednesday, refusing to take questions about Garland and whether he would meet with him. However, in a press release issued by his office, the first-term senator said a confirmation should wait until after the election ""to give the American people a more direct voice"" in picking a justice.

Another threatened Republican, Portman of Ohio, acknowledged he will face enormous pressure from Democrats and outside groups on the issue but said he still thinks a nominee should wait for a new president.

""I'm sure there will be ads on both sides. This is not about politics. It's about what's best for the country,"" he said.

Republicans believe it's worth spending some political capital in their standoff with Democrats to prevent a major shift in the direction of the court should the seat of the late Antonin Scalia, a reliable conservative, be filled by a more liberal justice.

The GOP holds a slim 54-46 majority in the Senate and must defend 24 seats in November compared to just 10 for Democrats if they are to maintain the majority. Republicans insist they won't get hurt politically by their defiant stand, arguing voters are more interested in terrorism, national security, jobs and the economy than a Supreme Court vacancy.

""We have a real comfort level in allowing the American people to voice their feelings about the direction of the Supreme Court,"" said Sen. Roger Wicker of Mississippi, who chairs the Senate GOP's campaign committee. ""We trust the people and we think they will appreciate being given an opportunity to speak first.""",1
2238,Glenn Reynolds: Donald Trump is the response to a bullying culture,"Back in February, analyzing Donald Trump’s appeal, David Gelernter wrote: “Political correctness. Trump hasn't made it a campaign theme exactly, but he mentions it often with angry disgust. Reporters, pundits, and the other candidates treat it as a sideshow, a handy way for Trump (King Kong Jr.) to smack down the pitiful airplanes that attack him as he bestrides his mighty tower, roaring. But the analysts have it exactly backward. Political correctness is the biggest issue facing America today. Even Trump has just barely faced up to it. The ironic name disguises the real nature of this force, which ought to be called invasive leftism or thought-police liberalism or metastasized progressivism. The old-time American mainstream, working- and middle-class white males and their families, is mad as hell about political correctness and the havoc it has wreaked for 40 years — havoc made worse by the flat refusal of most serious Republicans to confront it.”

I thought Gelernter was onto something at the time, and I thought about this passage again when reading the thoughts of a 22-year-old Trump supporter quoted by Conor Friedersdorf in The Atlantic. Fridersdorf’s correspondent (whose name is redacted) is a prosperous post-collegian in the San Francisco Bay area — someone who should be  backing Bernie, or Hillary, or maybe Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson. But instead he’s backing Trump, and so is his Asian fiancée. And the reason he gives is political correctness. “For me personally, it's resistance against what San Francisco has been, and what I see the country becoming, in the form of ultra-PC culture. That’s where it's almost impossible to have polite or constructive political discussion. Disagreement gets you labeled fascist, racist, bigoted, etc. It can provoke a reaction so intense that you’re suddenly an unperson to an acquaintance or friend. ... This is a war over how dialogue in America will be shaped. If Hillary wins, we're going to see a further tightening of PC culture. But if Trump wins? If Trump wins, we will have a president that overwhelmingly rejects PC rhetoric. Even better, we will show that more than half the country rejects this insane PC regime.”

It’s not a coincidence that when leftist protesters showed up at a conservative event at Rutgers University, students responded to the leftists’ chants with ”Trump! Trump! Trump!”

Political correctness is not, as some might claim, just an effort to encourage niceness. As Gelernter notes, it’s an effort to control people. Like the Newspeak in George Orwell’s 1984, the goal is to make it impossible for people to speak, or even think, unapproved thoughts.

Of course, by limiting what people can think and say, political correctness has hollowed out America’s universities, cheapened and distorted its politics, and served (and this last is entirely intentional) to make those who favor traditional American values like free speech feel marginalized and at risk. (I saw someone on Twitter talking about “America-shaming” last week, and that term fits pretty well.) But as leftists like to say, you can’t make an omelet without breaking a few eggs.

Almost as irritating to a lot of people, though, is the extent to which self-described “conservative” politicians, pundits and media organs have gone along. Part of this is because PC is often misleadingly sold as politeness, and elite American conservatives are suckers for etiquette. Part of it is because those conservative leaders move in an upper-middle-class environment where academic norms govern everyone, including them.

So nobody “respectable” was willing to launch a full-scale counterattack on PC, on or off-campus. Crack the occasional joke, maybe. But actually do something? Not so much.

But when “respectable” people won’t talk about things that a lot of voters care about, the less-respectable will eventually rise to meet the need. That’s what Trump’s doing. And a lot of people are cheering him on not so much because they’re fans of Trump personally as because they’re happy to see someone finally stand up to the PC bullies.

Will electing Trump solve all the nation’s problems? Nope. But, as mentioned above, it will show that more than half the country rejects the culture of political correctness, and the political class that let it take over. And for many people, that’s reason enough.

Glenn Harlan Reynolds, a University of Tennessee law professor and the author of The New School: How the Information Age Will Save American Education from Itself, is a member of USA TODAY's Board of Contributors.

In addition to its own editorials, USA TODAY publishes diverse opinions from outside writers, including our Board of Contributors. To read more columns, go to the Opinion front page and follow us on Twitter @USATOpinion.",1
4678,"Donald Trump, a threat the Founding Fathers foresaw: He proves the need for the Electoral College — and is the best case for superdelegates","It seems like a million years ago when Democratic supporters of Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton were furiously debating the merits of the superdelegate system. It happens almost every time and it never gets less stupid.

While defending superdelegates is never a popular position to take on social media, the value of the system and its distant cousin, the Electoral College, could not be more obvious during this current general election. All we need to do is to observe the shrieking, wild-eyed, uncorked flailing that’s taking place among supporters of Donald Trump, both online and off, and the need for firewalls against ignorant populism becomes abundantly self-evident.

As much as we like to think of ourselves as wise and rational people, we too often require protection from ourselves. Everything from traffic laws to food labels and term limits are designed as strictures against the human penchant for self-destruction. Indeed, the Constitution and the system of government it outlines is built upon checking the worst instincts of human nature — especially the unquenchable appetite for total power. The framers therefore constructed a system in which every structure is checked and balanced with the sole purpose of thwarting too much centralized power and fostering stability in the face of popular whimsy.

We’ll never know if James Madison and the authors of the Constitution were prescient enough to forecast a Trump candidacy, but we know they were deeply concerned about the hazards of direct democracy. Hence the establishment of the Electoral College as a bulwark against destabilizing figures with the charisma to easily manipulate low-information voters.

Alexander Hamilton wrote in Federalist No. 68 about the dangers of directly electing presidential candidates who possess “talents for low intrigue, and the little arts of popularity.” Sounds a lot like Trump.

So, the framers adapted the Roman “collegium electorum” into a system in which voters choose slates of electors, appointed for each party and equal to the respective state’s congressional representation, rather than directly voting for presidential candidates.

Technically, about half of all electors are required by law or party rules to cast their ballots for the winner of their state’s popular vote. Theoretically, though, electors can break ranks and vote for the other candidate. The hope is that electors won’t have to deny the popular vote to stop an existentially dangerous candidate, and they never have. But it’s nice to know there’s a method for doing so — in case of a maniac’s rise to power.

Likewise, the Democratic Party, beginning in 1984, chose to implement a primary firewall, the superdelegate system, as a means of blocking similarly frivolous candidates from winning the nomination — unqualified or downright scandalous candidates who might look great to radicals and extremists but who would be a disaster in the general election.

Together, both systems provide fail-safe mechanisms that, while seldom if ever used, offer insurance policies against Trump-like figures or worse, who prey upon our natural biases and impulsiveness.

Trump may not know it, but he’s done the founding fathers a service by successfully vindicated the existence of both institutions. (I’d bet a month’s salary that he doesn’t even know how the Electoral College works.) Anyway, the Republican Party, if it’s at all interested in blocking another Trump-ish fiasco, would do well to set up its own superdelegate system, even if it never has to use it.

But it’s fair to suggest that many Republicans wish one was already in place. Superdelegates, as controversial as they are, would have potentially thwarted Trump’s nomination and, with it, many bleeding ulcers. More important, it would shield the rest of us from a similarly destabilizing character whose entire strategy is built upon pandering and ridiculousness. I’m not sure the GOP is self-aware or self-critical enough to appoint its own superdelegates, but the rest of the world would be more than grateful for it. Believe me.

We never thought it could happen like this, but Trump has managed to climb to the very brink of acquiring absolute power, propelled by upward of the 40 percent of American voters who have been deceived by appeals to their worst human instincts and the lure of populist bromides, delivered to them with the mastery of a professional television celebrity.

While Trump’s no longer favored to win, it doesn’t matter. He’s already thoroughly beclowned American democracy by his very existence as the GOP nominee, appearing on television every day with his ludicrous conspiracy theories, his childish name-calling and his disgustingly misogynistic gropings.

Collectively, his 40 percent support ought to be enough to trigger a rethinking of the GOP’s primary process, if for no other reason than to re-marginalize the “poorly educated” voters whose racism and formerly unfocused rage have led them to blindly pledge their loyalty to this reality-show clown, this Saturday-morning-cartoon villain, and designate him as presidential material.

To further illustrate why the framers were wise to set up a check on mob rule, there’s this:

The man in the above video is fairly indicative of the automatons who have elevated Trump to this point. The very fact that he thinks “taking out” Hillary Clinton is his “patriotic” duty proves that perhaps it’s a smart idea to create a buffer between him and directly choosing presidential candidates. Oh, and he’s far from being the only one.

Even though I disagree with Trump on every issue, my chief objection isn’t simply about policy. My visceral grievances with Trump have more to do with his lack of character, his total lack of qualifications and his terrifying disrespect for the rules and traditions of American presidential politics — the latter being the wafer-thin fabric that holds this entire American experiment together, making his complete disregard for the rules, written and unwritten, the greatest threat to the American system.

If events go horribly awry and the election swings in his direction at the 11th hour, the fear of a Trump presidency isn’t strictly limited to his proposal for building a wall or, I don’t know, nominating Omarosa to the Supreme Court. The real fear has to do with the millions of impulsive, knee-jerk things that we can’t even begin to predict. And the next Trump will be even more devious about his or her demagoguery.

There will surely be more Trumps, knowing that the style of the current Republican nominee has led him to a point in which he has occasionally flirted within the margin of error more than once. “Trumpism” is on the loose now, and even a humiliating loss on Nov. 8 won’t make it go away. And the next purveyor of it will likely learn from Trump’s mistakes and improve his or her chances. Therefore it’s incumbent upon the GOP to make sure it puts down this white nationalist monster it’s created by making sure another Trump doesn’t end up at large. Suffice to say, I’m not holding my breath.

Ultimately, if you’ve been skeptical or downright opposed to both superdelegates and the Electoral College, look no further than Trump and tell us how else the next one will be stopped without either, knowing that there are tens of millions of American voters who are absolutely cool with the idea of a President Trump.",1
3874,White House counterterrorism adviser Rand Beers to retire,"This post has been updated.

Veteran counterterrorism official Rand Beers is leaving the White House.

Beers has served as deputy assistant to the president for homeland security since January 2014. He will be replaced by Amy Pope.

""Rand Beers has been at the forefront of some of the most challenging national security issues we face,"" Lisa Monaco, assistant to the president for homeland security and counterterrorism, said in a statement.

""From critical infrastructure protection to cybersecurity, to pandemic preparedness, and border security, and to advancing our security relationships with critical North American partners, Rand has provided indispensable counsel to me, as well as to the President and his broader national security team,"" she said.

Beers came to the White House from the Department of Homeland Security, where he was acting director from September 2013 to January 2014. Beers spent more than four years as the department's undersecretary for the National Programs and Protectorate Directorate, where he was responsible for protecting computer networks, communications programs and physical infrastructure.

Beers served as a Marine Corps officer and rifle commander in Vietnam from 1964 to 1968. He joined the foreign service and spent most of his career at the State Department.

""The United States has had a remarkable public servant in Rand, and there are many serving today across the government who have benefited from his judgment and mentorship,"" Monaco said. ""As Rand prepares to retire, I wish him well and extend my sincere gratitude for his decades of service.""

National Security Adviser Susan Rice said Beers is the ""epitome of a selfless, skilled, dedicated public servant"" who has ""given so much to his country as well as to his colleagues"" from his military service to time in government.

""I count myself lucky to have been among those who have worked closely with—and learned a great deal from—Randy over many years. I will sorely miss his wise counsel,"" Rice said.

Pope came to the White House from the Justice Department in 2012 and has served as Special Assistant to the President and the National Security Council’s Senior Director for Transborder Security. According to the White House she advised on issues including human trafficking and combatting the threat from foreign terrorist fighters.

As Congressional Republicans disagree on how to fund the Department of Homeland Security, whose capital runs out at the end of the month, White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said it is ""pretty irresponsible for Republicans in Congress to be playing politics with the budget of the Department of Homeland Security."" Earnest added that Republicans had ""painted themselves into a corner"" and said that ""it is time for Republicans to set aside politics.""",1
592,Why swing voters are vanishing from US politics,"People no longer switch allegiances between parties from election to election, adding to the rise of more-extreme candidates and changing the nature of campaigns.

Here’s a prediction about the 2016 presidential election that’s almost certain to come true: Generally speaking, swing voters won’t. Swing, that is. Float. Change their preference. Vote for the Republican if they voted for President Obama in 2012. Vote for the Democrat if they pulled the lever for Mitt Romney last time out.

That’s because the United States is becoming a country where no one changes his or her mind about presidential politics. Voters are increasingly divided into reliably partisan camps. Those swing voters pundits love to talk about? They’re mythical creatures, unicorns, nothing but a flash of white in the forest at dusk. New research shows they’re now about  5 percent of the US electorate – the lowest percentage ever recorded.

Why such a static situation? It’s not because most Americans are in love with their choices. Fear and anger are likely causes of much of this sorting. Many voters aren’t so much trying to elect their candidates as block the ones from the other party, whom they see as a danger to the republic. Negative partisanship has become one of the strongest forces in this particle physics theory of US politics.

And that may be just fine with the two big parties that govern the nation. There’s evidence that they devote more attention to rallying committed supporters than reaching out to the uncommitted in presidential campaigns. They’ve been moving in that direction since 2000, when the virtual dead heat between George W. Bush and Al Gore showed them – and the rest of the nation – how closely balanced Republicans and Democrats are.

“Campaigns are changing their strategies to focus on the people who are at the ideological extremes rather than centrist voters,” says Costas Panagopoulos, a political scientist at Fordham University in New York who’s researching the subject. “My sense is that’s operating in primaries as well as general elections.”

Indeed, the decline of swing voting may help explain the partisan dynamics of this unusual presidential primary season, in which the ideological separation between the parties seems particularly wide.

Consider the GOP: Since the days of Richard Nixon, the maxim of the party’s establishment has been that candidates need to run right in the primary, then pivot back toward the center in the general election. But on immigration, many of the Republican hopefuls have moved so far to the right – No amnesty! Ship immigrants here illegally home! – that they might have a difficult time reversing course if they win the nomination.

There’s been similar rightward movement by some GOP candidates on abortion and other provocative issues.

Meanwhile, Democrats are doing much the same thing, only pointing in the opposite direction. They’re talking about everything from free college tuition to paid family leave and higher taxes on the rich. It’s hard to imagine front-runner Hillary Clinton repeating her husband Bill’s 1996 pronouncement that “the era of big government is over.”

There are a number of reasons for the development of this partisan chasm. They include the angry mood of the electorate and the rise of particular outsider candidates (yes, we mean Donald Trump).

But a major cause may be that a candidate who tacks to the center will find it a much less populated place. Compared with election cycles past, there aren’t as many unaffiliated voters sitting around wondering whom to vote for. The polarization of US politics so evident in Washington has filtered down to the grass-roots level. This means parties are freer to adopt the policy choices of their most committed members, because swing voters have become less important.

“Party elites can ignore the moderating specter of floating voters because polarization has changed many of them into loyal supporters,” writes Corwin D. Smidt, a Michigan State University assistant professor of political science, in his recently published journal article “ Polarization and the Decline of the American Floating Voter.”

Let’s stop a moment to make an important point: Swing, or floating, voters are not the same thing as people who declare themselves political independents.

Self-described independents are the largest category of voters in the US. A record 43 percent of Americans now say they are neither Republicans nor Democrats, but members of the unaffiliated group of “I,” according to Gallup figures.

However, if pressed, about half of these independents will say they lean toward one party or another. Another large chunk consists of low-information voters who don’t usually bother to go to the polls.

And many of those who remain have voted like partisans in recent years, whatever their personal beliefs and political motivation.

That’s the upshot of Professor Smidt’s groundbreaking study, published in October in the American Journal of Political Science. Drawing on data from the American National Election Studies (ANES) – a series of academic voter surveys dating back to 1948 – he shows that recent presidential elections exhibit the lowest levels of floating voting ever recorded.

Swing voting – defined as casting a presidential ballot for a different party than one voted for the previous election – used to be relatively common. Between 1956 and 1980 the average rate of vote switching among the entire US electorate was 12 percent – easily a big enough bloc of voters to determine the outcome of an election.

Since then that figure has dropped precipitously. In 2008 only 8.1 percent of voters reported voting for a different party than in 2004. In 2012, it hit an all-time low, with only 5.2 percent of Americans voting for a different major-party nominee, according to Smidt.

Meanwhile, the percentage of “standpatters” – people who vote for the same party over a series of consecutive elections – has risen correspondingly and is now approaching 60 percent of Americans of voting age. (Nonvoters and periodic voters account for the rest.)

The result: There may be less and less reason for presidential campaigns to trim their rough edges and appeal to swing voters in the middle. Over time this could lead to more-partisan candidates – and presidents – who in turn push voters more to the ideological edges.

“More Americans today may not identify with a party, but their behavior indicates we have never observed as many loyal supporters,” writes Smidt.

To see how this looks in real life, consider the opinions of Tyrone Quinn, an investment businessman from Chicago interviewed while on a flight to Boston. Mr. Quinn says he prefers to identify himself as an independent because voters should strive to choose whichever candidate they think is the best person.

“The hard left and the hard right, both of ’em kind of make me sick,” he says. “Career politicians make me sick, too.... Give me a good, smart, wise, and decent person.”

Quinn says that on the local level he’s voted for candidates of both parties. For instance, he’s backed Illinois Secretary of State Jesse White, a Democrat, because he feels Mr. White “is a good guy.”

But Quinn has exclusively voted for Republicans in national elections. He believes that on the Washington level the Democratic Party is in favor of uncontrolled regulation. Democrats have a “total lack of regard for spending other people’s hard-earned money,” he says.

Why have floating voters stopped floating around? Quinn’s answers hint at one major possible reason: In today’s polarized political world, almost everybody has a clear idea of what he or she thinks US political parties believe.

Sometimes these views tilt the electorate in favor of one party. Sometimes they tilt it in favor of the other. But there is little confusion or indecision about the Democrats’ or Republicans’ identities.

As recently as the early 1980s, the parties were still somewhat mixed up, ideologically speaking. The Democrats had a significant conservative Southern wing. The Republicans had liberals, primarily in the Northeast.

But that’s winnowed out now. Liberals and conservatives have separated into completely different camps. The differences between the parties have become so marked and clear that even Americans who seldom follow politics can tell them apart. So they pick a side, and stick with it.

“People are more confident in their opinions when they see polarized parties,” says Smidt in an interview. “They think, ‘Well, if the choices are so stark, it’s just not a gray area at all.’ ”

And “stark,” in this context, might mean “worrisome.” Because there’s also evidence that voters are sticking with one party not because they’re excited about it, but because they dislike, even fear, the other side.

That’s what research by Emory University political scientists Alan Abramowitz and Steven Webster indicates, in any case. They set out to directly study why partisan voting is going up at a time when fewer voters than ever label themselves Democrats or Republicans.

Their conclusion: The trend is driven by what they call “negative partisanship.” In other words, fear and antipathy. Voters aren’t so much trying to elect someone as block somebody else from winning.

Their data showed that the more US voters disliked the other party, the greater the probability they would stick with their own party’s choice.

“Along with increasing awareness of party differences, increasing negativism toward the opposing party has contributed significantly to the rise of party loyalty and straight ticket voting in recent years,” they write.

A simple thermometer scale of attitudes toward the big US parties shows the nature of this trend. Since 1980, according to ANES data, Americans’ feelings toward their own party have cooled slightly, dipping from an average of 72 degrees to 70 degrees in 2012. Their feelings about the other party? They’ve frozen, dropping from 45 degrees in 1980 to 30 degrees in 2012.

What’s behind this disparity, Mr. Abramowitz and Mr. Webster theorize, are increasing racial and religious differences between Democrats and Republicans that make it easier for voters to see their opponents as threatening, as “others.”

Nonwhites now account for 45 percent of Democratic voters on the national level, but only 11 percent of Republicans. Meanwhile, the percentage of white voters who are religiously observant (attend services at least once a week) and lean GOP has increased significantly, from 48 percent in 1980 to 72 percent in 2012.

The religious divide in particular has helped create a wide gap in party attitudes on volatile cultural issues such as abortion and gay marriage.

“The growing cultural divide among white voters and the growing racial divide among all voters have both contributed to a widening ideological divide between Democratic and Republican voters,” write Abramowitz and Webster.

This divide echoes in the words of Tara Schiraldi, a young liberal Democrat in her last year of law school at Georgetown University, interviewed in Philadelphia on a job-hunting trip.

She’s interested in working with a nonprofit that advocates for juveniles. She’s worked for the American Civil Liberties Union and the Southern Poverty Law Center. She’s concerned about what she sees as a “school-to-prison” pipeline in America for disadvantaged youth.

But the issue she keeps coming back to is women. She says she draws a line on women’s issues such as access to birth control, sex education – and, most notably, abortion.

“The way in which the Republican Party deals with women ... makes it difficult for me to feel respected by the Republican Party,” she says.

The republican and democratic hierarchies are well aware of the increasing scarcity of swing voting. For them, trying to win over voters who aren’t already committed supporters is becoming an increasingly difficult and inefficient activity, like fishing the Gulf of Maine for dwindling stocks of Atlantic cod.

So presidential campaigns, more and more, may be throwing their nets where they’re likely to catch larger numbers of votes. There’s some evidence they’ve shifted in recent years to devoting more effort to the mobilization of their party base, as opposed to the pursuit of undecided, independent, or swing voters.

Mr. Panagopoulos, who is currently a fellow at Yale University’s Center for the Study of American Politics, has examined the rates at which presidential campaigns contact various voter categories. He’s found that in recent elections that rate has risen much more sharply for committed partisans than it has for independents or adherents of the other party.

In other words, the parties are devoting increased resources to e-mailing, calling, and ringing the doorbells of their own strong supporters, instead of reaching out and trying to sway swing voters or loosely committed opponents.

“The evidence seems to suggest that the attention strong partisans receive is greater than the attention swing voters get,” says Panagopoulos.

The election of 2000 was the breaking point. That’s when the line of this trend really started to nose upward. This timing is no surprise given that Bush vs. Gore was a virtual dead heat, highlighting the need for campaigns to scramble for any possible edge. Plus, that’s when microtargeting technology and e-campaign techniques began to mature and spread through US politics, making it easier for campaigns to carry out finely tuned outreach programs.

Campaigns still try and woo new voters, of course. It’s just that they now appear convinced that there’s more bang for the donor buck in rousting old friends and making sure they vote.

“Campaigns have limited resources. They have to figure out how to allocate them as efficiently as possible,” Panagopoulos says.

It’s possible that this mobilization trend has produced a self-

reinforcing cycle. If strong partisans are pushed harder by the parties, they may vote at higher rates, electing more-partisan candidates, who push the parties further to the left or right, creating more strong partisan supporters. Rinse, repeat.

“The potential is that the increased focus on strong partisans has transformed the voting electorate in a more polarized way, and can be linked to growing polarization in government,” says the Fordham professor.

This imbalance in voter outreach efforts may not be a good thing for America. But political campaigns are in the business of winning, not building up the pillars of democracy. Counteracting the cycle of polarization may require efforts by the US government or nonpartisan organizations to increase voter turnout for everyone, not just those at the ideological poles.

“That’s really where the impetus is going to come from,” says Panagopoulos.

He adds, “There are all kinds of reforms that have been proposed.” These include everything from Sunday voting to easier methods of voter registration.

In the end, it’s important to remember that this state of affairs is not foreordained. American politics is not locked in a never-ending cycle in which both parties inevitably drift away from the uncommitted center. The behavior of swing voting has dwindled. The potential for swing voting has not.

The problem now is that both parties think the existing state of polarization benefits them. At some point, one or the other will likely wake up and realize that’s not true. In the past, systematic losses have had this effect.

Consider the Democratic Party of the early 1990s. After three consecutive White House defeats many Democrats decided a swivel back to more-centrist policies might be in order. That led to President Clinton, a former southern state governor backed by the middle-of-the-road Democratic Leadership Council.

“Parties are the problem and parties are the way out. People want to win,” says Smidt of Michigan State.

And possible swing voters do still exist, even as an endangered species. Take Dave Bradford, a Connecticut salesman tapping away on his laptop at the 30th Street train station in Philadelphia. Mr. Bradford voted for Ronald Reagan in 1984 because he thought the president had done well in his first term. Since then, he’s voted for Democratic presidential candidates.

“I probably lean more towards the Democrats, but as I get older, I’m more in tune with some of the Republican philosophies and stands,” Bradford says.

He thinks some of Rand Paul’s ideas are worth listening to and exploring, particularly those that deal with taxation and “taking government off our back.” He’d like to see former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg run, not so much because of Mr. Bloomberg’s political philosophy, but because of the competence Bloomberg showed as mayor, and because he, like Bradford himself, is a businessman.

“I try to vote for the person,” Bradford says.

Contributor Mary Beth McCauley in Philadelphia and staff writer Noelle Swan in Minneapolis contributed to this report.",1
2605,Netanyahu: Obama's Iranian Nuclear Deal Worse Than Israel Feared,"Israel has mounted what it terms an ""uphill battle"" against an agreement that might ease sanctions on the Iranians while leaving them with a nuclear infrastructure with bomb-making potential. Tehran says its nuclear program is peaceful.

""This deal, as it appears to be emerging, bears out all of our fears, and even more than that,"" Netanyahu told his cabinet in Jerusalem as the United States, five other world powers and Iran worked toward a March 31 deadline in Lausanne, Switzerland.

Noting advances made by Iranian-allied forces in Yemen and other Arab countries, Netanyahu accused the Islamic republic of trying to ""conquer the entire Middle East"" while moving toward nuclearization.

""The Iran-Lausanne-Yemen axis is very dangerous to humanity, and must be stopped,"" he said.

Netanyahu's campaigning against the nuclear negotiations crested on March 3 with his speech to the U.S. Congress at the invitation of its Republican speaker, John Boehner, that angered President Barack Obama and many fellow Democrats.

The right-wing prime minister, who won a fourth term in a March 17 election, said on Sunday he had spoken to senior U.S. lawmakers from both parties ""and heard from them about the steadfast, strong and continuous bipartisan support for Israel"".

Strategic Affairs Minister Yuval Steinitz, the Israeli official who has been spearheading efforts to lobby world powers against the Iran deal, voiced cautious hope that the negotiations would collapse as they have in the past.

""We may still have a chance. We are not alone. There are still great doubts in the United States as well as in France, even in England,"" Steinitz told Israel Radio, referring to disputes with Iran over the scope of nuclear projects it might be allowed to retain.

But Steinitz said Israel, which is not a party to the talks and whose hardline demands have not been welcomed in Western capitals, was in an ""uphill battle"".

Another senior Israeli official, Security Cabinet Minister Gilad Erdan, saw a ""good chance"" of the powers and Iran reaching a framework deal by the Tuesday deadline, after which they would turn to the end-of-June target date for a comprehensive accord - a final stretch in which more counter-lobbying could be mounted.

""This is not over yet. There's the Congress, and also the players involved in the negotiations themselves have not agreed on all terms,"" Erdan told Israel's Army Radio. ""There is still a great amount of room in which to operate diplomatically before the final accord.""",1
2331,"Research Suggests Gun Background Checks Work, But They're Not Everything","Research Suggests Gun Background Checks Work, But They're Not Everything

Here's one topic Americans can bank on hearing about in next week's State of the Union address: gun control. The reaction to President Obama's announced gun-control measures this week was swift and entirely as expected. Gun-control advocates and many Democrats applauded his efforts; gun-rights groups and many Republicans loudly denounced the orders as executive overreach.

Expanded background checks are central to the president's proposals. His order doesn't rewrite existing laws, but it would broaden the scope of who is in the gun-selling business. It would require more gun sellers online and at gun shows to be licensed (and perform checks) among other things.

""Let me be clear: It's not where you are located but what you are doing that determines whether you are engaged in the business of dealing in firearms,"" Attorney General Loretta Lynch told reporters this week.

So would those extra checks bring down America's high levels of gun deaths? Gun policy experts who spoke to NPR say it could, but if so, that it would only make a dent.

Here's a look at the evidence:

Two recent studies provide evidence that background checks can significantly curb gun violence. In one, researchers found that a 1995 Connecticut law requiring gun buyers to get permits (which themselves required background checks) was associated with a 40 percent decline in gun homicides and a 15 percent drop in suicides. Similarly, when researchers studied Missouri's 2007 repeal of its permit-to-purchase law, they found an associated increase in gun homicides by 23 percent, as well as a 16-percent increase in suicides.

Those are some huge results — one expert called the Missouri study ""the strongest evidence that background checks really matter,"" as The New Republic reported — but as with lots of social-science research, there's some fuzziness as to what the results mean. One caveat is that these studies aren't about background checks alone. Instead, they're about permit-to-purchase laws, under which people had to go to local law enforcement to get a permit and, therefore, a background check.

That difference might have impacted the results, explained Daniel Webster, a co-author on both studies. He said that being forced to get a permit from law enforcement might do more to deter a straw purchaser, for example, than getting a check at a nearby store.

Furthermore, he added that because so many factors influence gun violence in different ways, it's hard to say how much the effects seen in Connecticut and Missouri would also happen in other states. In addition, a stand your ground law enacted in Missouri in 2007 may have affected the results.

Still, other academic research points to the laws' effectiveness as well. In a 2015 analysis of studies published over the course of 15 years, Webster and co-author Garen Wintemute found that expanding background checks could ""have protective effects against lethal violence,"" and that permit-to-purchase laws in particular help curb murders and suicides.

They also found that background checks help keep guns out of the hands of criminals, but that it's less certain whether that in turn leads to less violence.

There's no perfect consensus on how well background-check laws work. A 2000 study found that the 1994 Brady Act — which instituted not only background checks but waiting periods at first — did not reduce either homicide or suicide rates.

A CDC task force also found in a 2003 review ""inconsistent findings"" as to whether restricting gun access through background checks works and insufficient evidence as to whether an array of other gun laws are effective. However, the CDC also said that its findings didn't mean that gun laws don't work; rather, it said it needed to study the topic more.

Gun-policy researchers say they want to better study background checks (as well as many other policies), but a couple of hurdles stand in the way. Part of the problem is that good studies on the effectiveness of background checks are pretty rare, according to Webster. One reason is that it's hard to find good test cases to study.

""There's not a lot of change or variation [in laws] to study in recent times,"" he said. ""The vast majority of these laws have been on the books for many, many decades.""

""One of the big problems is that the feds have not funded good research in this area,"" said David Hemenway, director of the Harvard Injury Control Research Center and an expert on firearm-related injuries.

He points to federal restrictions, passed in 1996, that said the Centers for Disease Control could not use its funding to ""advocate or promote gun control."" That caused the CDC to back away from gun research almost entirely.

Outside organizations could pick up that slack, Hemenway added, but they have not done so. ""The foundations haven't done a good job, because it's such a controversial area,"" he said. You don't want to get involved. So we know some things, but we don't know as well as you would hope, given the enormity of the problem.""

What recent shootings tell us

While some scholarly evidence suggests that background checks reduce crime, seeing evidence in recent mass shootings is tougher. As the New York Times found in a December investigation, the guns used in many recent high-profile shootings were purchased legally by people who passed background checks.

Importantly, though, to the extent that background-check laws on the books might have prevented mass shootings, it's impossible to compile similar lists of incidents that would have occurred, were it not for those laws.

One other thing recent shootings say is that the current background-check system has some gaping holes in it. For example, FBI Director James Comey said in July 2015 that Dylann Roof, who is accused of killing nine at a South Carolina church last year, should not have passed a background check. Because information about his admission to a narcotics charge never reached an FBI examiner handling his check, as the Washington Post reported, Roof was able to buy his gun.

In addition, some states are doing a poor job of submitting mental health records to NICS, as Politico's Kevin Cirilli writes, allowing some sick people to obtain guns. Cirilli points to Virginia Tech shooter Seung-Hui Cho, who had a history of mental illness before he killed 32 people in 2007.

As it stands, around 1.6 percent of 148 million background checks (that is, more than 2 million) between 1994 and 2012 were denied, according to federal statistics.

What the statistics say

One of the most important questions to this discussion is impossible to answer precisely: how many guns are obtained without background checks? While there aren't exact numbers on this, the figure could still be substantial. Using 2004 data, around 18 percent of gun transactions involved private sellers, buyers' family members or friends or ""other"" sources, as the Washington Post's Glenn Kessler found last year. A majority of those sources were not licensed dealers (and therefore were not required to conduct background checks).

According to the figures cited by Kessler, 7 percent of guns were obtained from gun shows (and many of those sales probably underwent background checks).

But data suggests that gun shows don't directly supply many of the guns used in crimes. Spokespeople from the National Rifle Association and National Shooting Sports Foundation, a trade group for gun sellers, both also pointed NPR to government data showing that less than 1 percent of prison inmates in 1997 said they got their guns from gun shows. Meanwhile, nearly 80 percent obtained their guns from friends, family or ""street"" (illegal) sources.

All of this very well may mean that, as gun-rights advocates like Florida Republican Sen. Marco Rubio often point out, criminals will simply obtain guns through some avenue other than stores. That would mean that background checks don't deter those people, and, therefore, that expanding them to more online or private or gun show sales would do little.

But there are other possible conclusions. A recent study of offenders in the Chicago area found most obtained their guns from ""personal connections, not from gun stores or by theft."" While that study suggested to some that background checks are ineffective, one of the authors, Duke University's Philip Cook, disagrees.

""This research demonstrates that current federal and local regulations are having a big effect on the availability of guns to criminals in Chicago,"" he said in a release. ""They can't buy their guns from stores, the way most people do, and are instead largely constrained to making private deals with acquaintances, who may or may not be willing and able to provide what they want.""

Lawrence Keane, general counsel for the National Shooting Sports Foundation, told NPR that ""the industry has always been supportive of the background check system,"" though he also said he has doubts about how much good the new proposals will do.

Researchers Hemenway and Webster both think the president's executive actions could have a modest effect on gun violence. For his part, Hemenway thinks universal background checks would be an effective first step, but what he thinks would be more fruitful in the long term has more to do with innovation than legislative action.

""In the long run, we should be spending a lot of money on figuring out technological fixes,"" he said. ""The easiest one is to make guns better for home protection and much, much less dangerous and less likely to be stolen.""",1
4505,Ruth Bader Ginsburg Has Perfect Response When Asked About Women On The Supreme Court,"The 81-year-old Supreme Court justice, who has attained somewhat of a cult following for her stance on gender equality, told a gathering of law students Wednesday that people often ask her when she thinks there will be enough women on the court.

""And my answer is when there are nine,"" she said, as if the question even needed to be asked.

Ginsburg also spoke about the difficulties she faced attaining a job in the legal field.

""In those days, in the Southern District, most judges wouldn’t hire women. In the U.S. attorney’s office, women were strictly forbidden in the Criminal Division. There was one woman in the Civil Division,"" she said.

""And the excuse for not hiring women in the Criminal Division was they have to deal with all these tough types, and women aren’t up to that. And I was amazed,"" she added. ""I said, have you seen the lawyers at legal aid who are representing these tough types? They’re all women.""

In what is sure to further her ""Notorious RBG"" status, the justice later also delivered this gem of a quote: ""If I had any talent in the world, any talent that God could give me, I would be a great diva.""",1
1512,"Clinton, Sanders Eclipse Challengers in 1st Debate","LAS VEGAS -- The first Democratic presidential debate is in the books and for the first time frontrunner Hillary Clinton took on her up-and-coming main challenger Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt.

Going in, the odds were on which of Clinton's challengers might attack the frontrunner. But it was Clinton who mixed it up, accusing Sanders as being weak on gun control.

""Senator Sanders did vote five times against the Brady Bill. Since it was passed, more than 2 million prohibited purchases have been prevented,"" Clinton said.

""What I can tell Secretary Clinton (is) that all the shouting in the world is not going to do what I would hope all of us want, and that is keep guns out of the hands of people who should not have those guns and end this horrible violence that we are seeing,"" Sanders rebutted.

And it wasn't only the participants who put Clinton put on the spot.

""Just for the record, are you a progressive or are you a moderate?"" CNN moderator Anderson Cooper probed.

""I'm a progressive. But I'm a progressive who likes to get things done,"" Clinton retorted.

She also faced questions about reversing positions on issues like the recent trade agreement.

""Do you change your political identity based on who you're talking to?"" Cooper asked.

""No. I think that, like most people that I know, I have a range of views, but they are rooted in my values and my experience,"" Clinton replied.

As for the big controversy regarding the private email server she used as secretary of state  it not only wasn't an issue in this debate; it actually gave Clinton one of her best moments as Sanders came to her defense.

""Well, I've taken responsibility for it. I did say it was a mistake,"" Clinton explained.

""Let me say something that may not be great politics. But I think the secretary is right, and that is that the American people are sick and tired of hearing about your damn emails!"" Sanders exclaimed.

That friendliness came to an end when the conversation turned to the Vermont senator's self-described socialist views.

""How can any kind of socialist win a general election in the United States?"" Cooper asked.

""What democratic socialism is about is saying that it is immoral and wrong that the top one-tenth of 1 percent in this country own almost 90 percent  almost  own almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent,"" Sanders explained.

""I think we should look to countries like Denmark, like Sweden and Norway, and learn from what they have accomplished for their working people,"" Sanders continued.

""I think what Senator Sanders is saying certainly makes sense in the terms of the inequality that we have. But we are not Denmark. I love Denmark. We are The United States of America,"" she argued.

That exchange led to Sanders accusing Clinton of being too cozy with Wall Street and big banks.

""Secretary Clinton, you do not -- Congress does not regulate Wall Street. Wall Street regulates Congress,"" Sanders said.

He and Clinton also seemed to differ on how NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden should be viewed after giving away American secrets.

""He broke the laws of the United States,"" Clinton said.

Sanders differed, saying, ""I think Snowden played a very important role in educating the American people to the degree in which our civil liberties and our constitutional rights are being undermined.""

The other players on stage, like former Virginia Sen. Jim Webb and former Rhode Island Gov. Lincoln Chafee, really couldn't break through  though former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley took a dig at Clinton's call for a no-fly zone right now in Syria.

""I believe that a no-fly zone in Syria at this time, actually, secretary, would be a mistake. You have to enforce no-fly zones, and I believe, especially with the Russian air force in the air, it could lead to an escalation because of an accident that we would deeply regret,"" O'Malley said.

As Democrats move forward in the nomination process, you could compare Clinton's campaign to the Hoover Dam. The famous landmark controls flooding.

For Clinton, she not only has to contend with some incoming water from Sanders, but the floodgates may open even wider if Vice President Joe Biden gets into the presidential race.

That would raise this contest to a whole other level.",1
3820,The most important line in Obama's new National Security Strategy,"On Friday, the White House released its 2015 National Security Strategy, an official document defining the administration's approach to international politics. A lot of the document is pretty uninformative; the ratio of substance to platitudes (""our economy is the largest, most open, and most innovative in the world"") is low. But this sentence, pretty early on in the report, is actually a pithy but insightful encapsulation of President Barack Obama's core approach to foreign policy:

This cuts to the core of what can often confuse people about Obama's approach to the world. Though he's constantly intervening in foreign crises — toppling Libya's Muammar Gaddafi, bombing al-Qaeda in Pakistan, Yemen, and Somalia, and so on — he's also deeply invested in reducing America's involvement in major wars like Iraq and Afghanistan.

To understand this approach, you have to look at each half of the above sentence in turn. Each reflects a core tenet of the way the Obama administration approaches the world.

Let's focus on the first half of the sentence: ""there are no global problems that can be solved without the United States."" That's meant pretty literally. On basically every major world crisis — containing the fallout from the global financial crisis, rolling back climate change, combating ISIS, punishing Russian expansionism, or curing Ebola — the United States has played a major role in organizing the international response.

That's because Obama, like basically every president since the Cold War began, has bought into what's now called the ""bipartisan consensus"" on foreign policy. To most people, the consensus is basically invisible. That's because almost no one on either side of the aisle bothers to debate its basic premises. But nonetheless, it's defined American foreign policy for decades. It rests on basically three ideas:

If these statements sound banal, it's because, for the most part, they are. Foreign policy intellectuals on both the left and the right regularly criticize these ideas, but no one with serious power in the US government does (at least in public).

You see this pretty clearly in Obama's actions. Bombing ISIS, organizing a coalition to end Libya's civil war, and sending US troops to West Africa to help stop the spread Ebola are all premised on the assumption that the world's problems are also America's.

The general consensus on principles obviously doesn't translate into bipartisan agreements on specific policy issues. That's where the second part of the sentence comes in: there are ""few [global problems] that can be solved by the United States alone.""

This is a pretty unmistakable reference to the Bush administration. Obama rode to power as a critic of the Iraq war; a core part of his administration's strategic doctrine is to avoid Bush's aggressive, unilateral uses of American power. If Bush pushed the hawkish bounds of the bipartisan consensus, Obama is at times — though not always — somewhere on the dovish end.

In some cases, that means avoiding military action and trusting in multilateral diplomacy and deterrence to resolve conflicts (Iran, East Asia). In others, it means relying on non-military means of punishing bad actors (Iran again, Russia). In others still, it means marshaling global coalitions, but limiting America's up-front military role as much as possible and consistent with the mission's objectives (Libya, ISIS).

Obama's approach to each of these global crises is shaped by a keen desire to avoid Bush-style protracted wars. Even in cases where Obama really does act unilaterally, such as with targeted killings or the Afghanistan surge, he tries to put limits on those actions to keep them from escalating beyond control.

You might think this approach is too cautious — or, for many critics of the consensus, too aggressive still. But one thing it's not is ""withdrawing from the world"" or ""abandoning America's allies,"" as some critics have alleged.

By virtually every statistical measure imaginable, the United States is the world's leading power, and deeply entangled in political conflicts around the world. Obama has done nothing to change that. His approach may or may not be to your liking on specific issues but, as the NSS reinforces, the broad strokes of his approach are pretty consistent with what America has been doing in the world for decades.",1
4382,Support for marriage equality in Ireland was strikingly broad,"Ireland's historic vote in favor of marriage equality last Friday was, in the end, not especially close, with the yesses carrying almost every electoral district. Still, as Jason Kelleher's map of the vote shows, there were some very pronounced regional differences:

Anyone familiar with the basic sociology of gay rights in the West will be unsurprised to see that support for equality is largest in Dublin and down south in Cork, Ireland's second city. Support was generally weakest in the northern and western parts of the country, roughly the area known as Connaught.

But overall the picture is of enormously broad support for the referendum, including in most of rural Ireland.",1
1425,Ted Cruz isn't liked in Congress. What could that mean if he's president? (+video),"Some senators are more diplomatic about their criticisms than others. Where views diverge is whether a President Cruz would be as ideologically unbending as Senator Cruz.

As Donald Trump and Republican rival Ted Cruz battle it out on the way to the Iowa caucuses Feb. 1, a favorite attack by Mr. Trump is that ""nobody likes"" Senator Cruz, particularly in Congress. He can't deal. The Texan ""stands on the middle of the Senate floor and can't make a deal with anybody,"" Trump said Tuesday on MSNBC's ""Morning Joe.""

That’s not idle chatter, even if it’s typical Trumpian broad-brushing.

From a former president, to former House and Senate leaders, to sitting members of Congress, “establishment” Republicans are sounding alarms about the likability and deal-ability of the tea party darling who led the way to a partial government shutdown over the Affordable Care Act in 2013.

Monitor interviews with more than a dozen senators bear this out, though not all jump on the dump truck and some are more diplomatic about their criticisms than others. Where views more starkly diverge is whether a President Cruz would be as ideologically unbending as a Senator Cruz, with some observers expecting no appreciable change and others suggesting that the presidency would force him in a more pragmatic direction.

Senators don’t like to criticize their fellow senators, and several pointed to Cruz’s strengths – his intellect, passion, and humor. When asked about Cruz, Sen. Susan Collins, a moderate Republican from Maine, paused. Then she pointed out that no Senate Republican has endorsed the Texan, despite the fact that they have all come to know him since he took office in 2012.

“It’s not helpful to the level of debate in this country, to have a member of this body trashing the Senate rather than working within the Senate to make it more responsive and to reform whatever he may see as its deficiencies,” Senator Collins said, as she rode the Senate subway to her office last week.

Her colleague, Sen. Lindsey Graham (R) of South Carolina, was far less tactful. “He’s not a problem solver. When you think of problem solving, the last person that comes to mind is Ted Cruz. Everybody’s a problem but him,” said Senator Graham, who, after dropping out of the presidential campaign, now supports Jeb Bush.

One senior Republican labels Cruz a “neo-nihilist” who tears down, rather than builds.

In a speech on the Senate floor last summer, Cruz called his own party leader, Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell (R) of Kentucky, a liar. This simply is not done in a place where strict decorum is still the order of the day, and it angered many Republicans. One reason Republicans are going on the record about Cruz is because they are so concerned that he will get the nomination.

Cruz, for his part, frequently refers to his colleagues as part of the “Washington cartel.”

The renegade wears his flamethrower status as a badge of honor, joking with voters about needing a “food taster” when he sits down to a meal in the Senate dining room. His supporters, meanwhile, love the fight in him. An e-mail request from the Monitor to his campaign went unanswered.

But if unbending ideology and derision characterize Cruz’s short tenure in the Senate, what might they portend for a Cruz presidency?

Some observers contend that what you see is what you’ll get, while others think that he may well bend – or at least have to mend some fences.

“I can’t necessarily say that past is prologue,” says Sen. Thom Tillis (R) of North Carolina, who sits on the Judiciary Committee with Cruz and admires the way the attorney-senator “pins down” witnesses, particularly in confirmation hearings. Senator Tillis was backed by the Tea Party Express in a tough race in 2014, and calls Cruz “an asset” on the committee.

But Tillis points out that being a senator is not the same as president, and then adds, “I would be hopeful that whoever emerges as the Republican nominee recognizes that working with us produces a far better result for the nation.”

While Tillis says he has not clashed with Cruz, he adds that rebuilding burned bridges is “one of the factors” that a President Cruz would have to deal with.

This point, that a senator and a president are two very different jobs, is key to those who think that relations between Cruz and establishment Republicans in Congress would improve if the tea party champion were to become president.

Matt Mackowiak, a GOP consultant in Houston, points out that Cruz had absolutely no incentive to play along or try to accomplish anything when he got to the Senate three years ago.

First, he ran a campaign as a principled conservative who wasn’t going to give an inch. Second, he wanted to be a national player. “I think he realized that waiting nine months to give your maiden floor speech and keeping your head down wasn’t a path he wanted to take.” Then-Sen. Barack Obama had the same realization.

But just as important, says Mr. Mackowiak, the Senate, at that time under Democratic control, was a “graveyard” for any real accomplishments by a minority party. “The incentive instead was to be a bomb thrower, to develop your outside game, not your inside game.”

Mackowiak points to Cruz’s intense admiration for President Reagan. The consultant believes that Cruz wants to emulate the “morning in America” president. To do that, he would need a legislative agenda that would require cooperation from congressional Republicans – and depending on the math, also Democrats.

“Maintaining a poisoned relationship with leaders of both houses would be insane. He would never do that,” Mackowiak says.

But others are not so sure. They point to a new era of politics in which long-term relationships are not as important as short-term coalitions on issues. They look at the angry voter – on both the left and the right – who is tired of the establishment.

And most important, they look at Cruz himself. Not only has he stood his ground, even if it’s been a losing ground, on issues such as defunding Planned Parenthood, killing the Iran nuclear deal, and defeating a Senate immigration bill. He also promises up and down to stick to those positions.

Neither will he run to the “mushy middle” in a general election campaign, he says.

“The positions he’s taking are resonating with people,” says a conservative senator-in-arms, Jeff Sessions (R) of Alabama. “They’re tired of talk.”

It may well be that establishment Republicans in Congress bend to a President Cruz. Notice how Rep. Paul Ryan (R) of Wisconsin has reached out to the rebellious hard-right Freedom Caucus that drove out “establishment” Speaker John Boehner last fall.

A President Cruz would likely put enormous pressure on a GOP-controlled Congress to govern from an ideologically rigid position, and that Congress would feel an enormous amount of pressure to cooperate with him, says James Henson, director of the Texas Politics Project at the University of Texas at Austin.

If that’s the case, says Professor Henson, expect to see immediate pushback from Cruz on such issues as the Affordable Care Act, gay marriage, and abortion rights in ways that test the Supreme Court – where he argued eight cases as the Texas solicitor general. Cruz has been deeply critical of the high court, and may challenge it by supporting state efforts, working with Congress, or even through executive order, Henson says.

Whether Ted Cruz, the president, would be like Ted Cruz, the senator, gets down to the “mixture of true believer and strategic player” in his political profile, says Henson. So far, the two have worked hand-in-hand – his rigidity has served him politically.

“One can look at Ted Cruz and speculate that his political career up to this point has been predicated on upward mobility, and that once he got to the highest office in the land, he might exhibit a bit more pragmatism,” Henson says. “That’s not out of the question, but I wouldn’t bet on it.”

What it comes down to, he says, is what Cruz really wants and what motivates him, and who he is as a person. No one knows the answers to those questions better than Ted Cruz.",1
2213,Republicans Warn Iran Against Nuclear Deal With Obama,"WASHINGTON, March 9 (Reuters) - Republican senators warned Iran on Monday that any nuclear deal made with U.S. President Barack Obama could last only as long as he remains in office, in an unusual intervention into U.S. foreign policy-making.

The letter, signed by 47 U.S. senators, says Congress plays a role in ratifying international agreements and points out that Obama will leave office in January 2017, while many in Congress will remain in Washington long after that.

""We will consider any agreement regarding your nuclear-weapons program that is not approved by the Congress as nothing more than an executive agreement between President Obama and Ayatollah Khamenei,"" the letter read.

""The next president could revoke such an executive agreement with the stroke of a pen and future Congresses could modify the terms of an agreement at any time,"" it read.

The letter, first reported by Bloomberg News, followed a speech to a joint meeting of Congress last week by Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, who warned that the United States was negotiating a ""bad deal"" with Tehran.

It comes as world powers have been negotiating with Iran to try to reach some form of understanding by the end of March before a final deal in June that could ease crippling sanctions that have crippled Iran's economy.

The U.S. Constitution divides foreign policy powers between the president and Congress. The executive branch is responsible for negotiating international agreements and lawmakers rarely intervene directly with the leaders of another nation while the president's administration is negotiating a pact.

Republicans want any U.S. nuclear agreement with Iran to be approved by Congress. But Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, who signed the letter released on Monday, agreed to postpone a vote on a bill requiring Obama to submit any deal for congressional approval amid outcry from Democrats.

Along with McConnell, Republican signers include Tom Cotton, Orrin Hatch, John Cornyn, John McCain, Lindsey Graham, John Thune and Mark Kirk. Ted Cruz, Marco Rubio and Rand Paul, two possible 2016 presidential contenders, also signed. (Reporting by Doina Chiacu; Editing by Susan Heavey)",1
1123,Trump Loves 'the Poorly Educated' ... and Social Media Clamors,"After winning the vote of the state's Republicans by a wide margin on Tuesday, the real estate billionaire rattled off a list of those groups who swept him to victory: ""We won with young. We won with old. We won with highly educated. We won with poorly educated. I love the poorly educated.""

By Wednesday morning, the phrase ""I LOVE THE POORLY EDUCATED"" was trending heavily. On Twitter, it was tweeted roughly 15 times a minute, according to social media analytics firm Zoomph.

""I am, by modern standards, poorly educated, and I think that Donald Trump is a threat to America,"" tweeted Aaron Camp (@AaronApolloCamp).

Another Twitter user, Kat (@VTweddingPhoto), wrote, ""This is an embarrassment. For the GOP and for us as Americans. The world is once again laughing.""

Others said Trump's remark was being taken out of context, as he also touted having won the support of ""the highly educated.""

""To be fair with Trump, he said 'I love the highly educated and the poorly educated'. Don't take it out of context,"" tweeted Super Bowl Champs (@Josh_D_Manning).

Dan Slott (@DanSlott) was not swayed. ""We won the poorly educated vote. I love the poorly educated"" - Trump Not a joke. Not parody. Not out of context. Trump ACTUALLY said this.""

Trump has won three of the four state-by-state Republican nominating contests, including Nevada, in the run-up to the party nominating convention in July and the Nov. 8 general election to succeed President Barack Obama.",1
4168,"Obama endorses Clinton for president, on heels of Sanders meeting","President Obama formally endorsed Hillary Clinton to succeed him in the White House Thursday, saying she has the ""courage"" for the job and vowing to hit the campaign trail for her soon -- in a video message posted just moments after meeting with her primary rival Bernie Sanders.

""I know how hard this job can be. That’s why I know Hillary will be so good at it,"" the president said, in the video posted on Clinton's campaign site. ""In fact, I don’t think there’s ever been someone so qualified to hold this office.""

The president made clear he would no longer stand on the sidelines, even as Vermont Sen. Sanders vows to stick out the race at least through the final primary in Washington, D.C., next Tuesday.

The Clinton campaign separately announced that she and Obama would campaign together June 15 in Green Bay. Clinton tweeted that she's ""fired up.""

To which the Clinton campaign tweeted: ""Delete your account.""

Meanwhile, Vice President Joe Biden voiced his support of Hillary Thursday evening at the American Constitution Society's national convention.

""Anybody who thinks that whoever the next president is --  and God willing, in my view, it will be Secretary Clinton.""

The White House, meanwhile, said Obama recorded the video on Tuesday, the day Clinton effectively wrapped up the nomination.

The video was released shortly after Obama met in the Oval Office with Sanders.

Sanders afterward struck a conciliatory tone Thursday, saying he plans to meet soon with Clinton to discuss how they can “work together to defeat Donald Trump.”

The Vermont senator said he still plans to compete in next Tuesday’s Washington, D.C., primary, the final contest on the calendar. And he said he plans to take his message “to the Democratic National Convention” in July.

He did not, however, say specifically whether he would still be an active candidate by then, taking no questions from the press before heading over to a meeting with Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid.

The meeting with Obama was private. They met for over an hour, and Fox News is told no staff or aides were present.

But his tone, compared with his defiant speech early Wednesday after Clinton clinched the Democratic nomination, appeared to soften.

While offering no endorsement himself, Sanders said he spoke with Clinton and congratulated her “on her very strong campaign.”

And Sanders thanked Obama for his “impartiality” throughout the process. He said he and Vice President Biden lived up to their pledge not to put their “thumb on the scales.”

White House spokesman Josh Earnest later said Sanders has the right to make campaign decisions on his own timeline. Another former primary candidate, ex-Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley, did endorse Clinton, saying ""it is time now to unite our party.""

Clinton and Obama, along with other party leaders, are eager to bring Sanders – and his supporters – into the fold.

The president's endorsement reflects their desire to unify as the general election battle between Clinton and presumptive rival Trump intensifies.

Sanders acknowledged a common political enemy, railing against Trump in his brief remarks to reporters Thursday afternoon and saying he’ll do everything in his power to prevent Trump’s election.

As for what he wants, Sanders said he’ll continue to fight what he called the “drift” toward an oligarchic society. He lamented childhood poverty rates, crushing college debt, crumbling infrastructure and other woes and said these are the issues he’ll bring to the Philadelphia convention.

Whether that means a fight to overhaul the party platform – or a last-ditch bid to somehow deny Clinton the nomination – remains to be seen.

One demand Sanders was thought to be considering – as part of a party-unity deal -- is the removal of Democratic boss Debbie Wasserman Schultz. Sanders and the DNC chairwoman have been at odds for months, with Sanders’ team long accusing her of helping now-presumptive nominee Clinton.

Whether Sanders sought – and the president would even consider – a Schultz sacrifice is unclear.

“I don’t see how she makes it through the convention,” one Democratic lawmaker told Fox News. “The key to Hillary winning is getting Sanders supporters on board.”

Speculation over Wasserman Schultz’ position has swirled for months, however, and so far she has retained the public support of the White House. Obama also endorsed her earlier this year in her House primary battle.

Asked Wednesday about the possibility of Sanders seeking her removal, Wasserman Schultz said she’s not worried about her job.

“I'm going to be remaining as the chair of the Democratic National Committee as President Obama has asked me to do until January 21, 2017, and I appreciate the president’s support,” she said.",1
4279,Clinton ‘Not Concerned’ About New Flap Over Classified Emails,"Hillary Clinton sought to minimize new disclosures that top secret  government information passed through the private email server she used when she was secretary of state, dismissing the controversy as an “inter-agency dispute” that  pales next to the larger issues on the minds of voters.

In an interview with NBC News on Saturday morning, two days before the Iowa caucuses, Mrs. Clinton said, “It’s the same story that’s been going on for months now. And I just don’t think most people are as concerned about that as they are about what we’re going to do to get the economy going.”",1
2465,Connecticut’s highest court approves forced chemotherapy for teen,"A Connecticut teenager who tried to reject life-saving chemotherapy for Hodgkin’s lymphoma can be forced to undergo the treatment anyway, the state’s Supreme Court ruled Thursday.

The court unanimously affirmed a trial court judgment, which found that state officials could intervene and take over the care for the girl — identified as “Cassandra C.”

“This court agrees with the trial court that, even assuming that the mature minor doctrine applies in this state, the respondents have failed to meet their burden of proving under any standard that Cassandra was a mature minor and capable of acting independently concerning her life threatening medical condition,” Thursday’s order reads.

The teen’s mother has said that her daughter “knows the long-term effects of having chemo” and doesn’t want to put “poison” in her body.

“She may not be able to have children after this, because it affects everything in your body,” her mother, Jackie Fortin, said in a video posted on the Hartford Courant’s Web site. “It not only kills cancer, it kills everything in your body. She knows this.

“This is her human rights — her human constitutional rights — to not put poison in her body. Her rights have been taken away. She has been forced to put chemo in her body right now, as we speak. These are her rights that have been taken away. She does not want to [put] poison in her body.”

The teen is now receiving treatment at Connecticut Children’s Medical Center, and a lawyer representing the state told the court that she is “doing well,” the Courant reported.

“Under this circumstance — when there is medical consensus that action must be taken or the child will die — the Department has a clear and urgent responsibility to save the life of this child,” Connecticut Department of Children and Families told CNN in a statement earlier this week.

According to the Courant:

The court Thursday heard arguments from lawyers for Cassandra and her mother, Jackie Fortin, who supports her daughter’s decision to reject chemotherapy treatments. The justices clearly struggled to find ground for overruling the lower court and sending the case back for another hearing, as requested by Cassandra and her mother. Assistant Public Defender Joshua Michtom, representing Cassandra, said the question was whether, despite an encouraging prognosis, “a smart and knowledgeable 17-year-old (can) make the same choice, for better or worse, than she would be able to make without state interference nine months from now, when she turns 18.”

Michtom did not immediately return a phone message from The Washington Post left on Thursday afternoon.",1
1492,"He’s getting desperate: Trump’s campaign used to be confident, but Cruz has gotten him feeling downright thirsty","But this past week, Trump’s seemingly implacable sense of self-confidence seems to be, well, shaken. More than that, even. Lately, the man seems downright thirsty. In a very short order, his campaign strategy has changed from a man who enters the room and tells you how it’s going to be to that of a man who is begging and pleading for you to like him. The stench of desperation has started to cling to him, and now every move he makes seems even more like pathetic pandering. The once unbreakable Donald Trump now is starting to look like the guy who uses a shirtless picture for his Tinder profile.

The biggest sign of this newfound thirst is in the opening of the pocketbook. Trump’s ability to grab media and voter attention without spending much money has been a unique aspect of his campaign so far. Even though he does take donations, Trump likes to front like he’s not beholden to any backers, which contributes to the voters’ sense that he’s not like those other bought-and-sold politicians.

But now the politician who was acting like he could win just by saying stuff on Twitter has caved and is making a huge ad buy in Iowa and New Hampshire. Oh, he’s trying to spin it as another sign of his winning spirit, announcing the ad buy with huge fanfare and getting a level of free media coverage that other candidates don’t get for mundane things like buying TV ads. But none of that can distract from the fact that the almighty Trump is now acting like every other candidate in the race, going on TV with his hat out and asking for your vote.  This is not the “you’re fired” Trump. This is a guy begging for a job.

On its own, caving in and acting like every other candidate wouldn’t be that big a deal. But the ad buy comes during a week when every move Trump makes in public is looking grabby. The long-standing predictions that Trump’s poll lead would vanish once the primaries begin isn’t looking quite as much like establishment wishful thinking anymore. His lead in New Hampshire is shrinking and Ted Cruz is up in Iowa. If he loses both of those, he knows we’ll see a reemergence of the narrative that he was just a passing fancy for voters before they start to get serious at the polls, and his behavior is starting to smell a bit desperate.

Going after Bill Clinton for past infidelities, for instance, is the choice of a desperate man. Panty-sniffing the Clintons has a long history of backfiring with the voters and it opens Trump up to charges of hypocrisy, since he blew up his first marriage in order to marry his mistress. But Trump has gone even further than simply bringing up Monica Lewinsky. He’s also been hinting that Bill Clinton has committed sexual assault. It’s an attempt at a feminist gotcha, but going there means that Trump is aligning himself with the same people who accuse the Clintons of murdering people, having secret love children, and practicing witchcraft.

It’s an interesting move, because Trump has spent the past month actually moving away from his past as a right-wing conspiracy theorist, by refusing, for instance, to talk about his “questions” about Barack Obama’s birth certificate. To dive back into the fever swamps means risking general election credibility to pander to the hard right again, a move he’d only undertake if he were really worried about losing in the primaries.

His attacks on the Clintons aren’t the only effort at baiting the base that runs a high risk of backfiring, either. One of the stranger moves that Trump has taken this week has been race-baiting his opponent Ted Cruz. “In all fairness, to the best of my knowledge, not too many evangelicals come out of Cuba, OK,” Trump said at a campaign rally in Iowa. “When you’re casting your ballot, remember.” Cruz’s polling success in Iowa is assumed to come from the evangelical base, so this attempt to sow doubt that he’s really evangelical is a clear-cut case of thirstiness. But this runs a high risk of backfiring. Trump isn’t wrong to assume that the “evangelical” identity is tied closely in the conservative mind to whiteness. But what he fails to understand is that this is why so many conservative Christians like Ted Cruz. As with Ben Carson, the handful of non-white evangelical figures on the scene offer “proof” that the white evangelical identity is so desirable that it draws converts. Cruz himself knows this, which is why he highlights his background instead of minimizing it. There’s a similar trying-too-hard quality to the way Trump spokeswoman Katrina Pierson acts. It’s not just that she wore a bullet necklace on CNN, but the way she defended herself when people made fun of her for it. Maybe I’ll wear a fetus next time& bring awareness to 50 million aborted people that will never get to be on Twitter https://t.co/UTomoyYXLK Oh, will they also be holding little Confederate flags while singing “Proud to Be an American”? The pretense of sincere concern for fetal life is all but abandoned here. The fetus–like the gun or the flag–is reduced to a bit of jewelry, a sad posturing to indicate alignment with the fetus fetishist tribe whose votes Pierson’s hustling desperately to get. But perhaps the saddest grasping from Trump comes from this ad that Trump posted on Instagram. “WE ARE IN A SERIOUS WAR,” the title reads, before running a reel of coverage of the Paris and San Bernardino attacks. But then it cuts to Obama making a joke about “Star Wars,” suggesting that his willingness to spend a couple of hours out of his busy week seeing a movie is what lies between us and bringing an end to the threat of Islamic terrorism. The whole thing is preposterous, but it’s hard to even get mad, it’s so pathetic. For one thing, we are not actually in a war, and stating otherwise has a strong whiff of hoping you can make it true simply by saying it. But there’s something particularly pitiful about wanting Obama to make a pointless gesture in refusing to see “Star Wars.” What’s the argument here? That if Obama refuses to see “Star Wars,” ISIS will be so impressed by his sacrifice that they’ll lay down their arms? That seeing a movie somehow removes his ability to make important military decisions? That if he would just stand in an empty room yelling, “Damn you, ISIS!” for two hours instead of watching a movie, we would defeat our enemies? This insistence on empty gestures over meaningful action, of course, sums up the entire Trump campaign. This is a man whose foreign policy proposals amount to arguing that if he just puffs his chest out big enough, all other world leaders will immediately do everything he wants. But the utter silliness of this ad, with its assumption that Obama can meaningfully effect world change by not seeing a movie, highlights the vapidity of the Trump campaign poignantly. Vote for Trump, and he will miss entire blockbuster movies for no reason whatsoever, just for you! The man is clearly desperate.",1
4187,Indiana Gov. Pence backs Cruz for president ahead of state primary,"Indiana Gov. Mike Pence on Friday backed Ted Cruz for president, days ahead of the state’s vital Republican primary contest.

The Republican governor announced his choice in an interview on WIBC radio. He prefaced his announcement by saying he likes and respects – and has met with – all three of the Republican presidential candidates.

“I’m not against anybody but I will be voting for Ted Cruz,” Pence said. “I see Ted Cruz as a principled conservative who’s dedicated his career to advocating the Reagan agenda.”

The announcement is a setback for Trump, who has been barnstorming Indiana – with famed Indiana basketball coach Bobby Knight by his side – trying to rally voters ahead of Tuesday’s election and sideline Cruz for good.

Cruz is desperately seeking momentum in his fight to block Trump from claiming the delegate majority before the GOP's national convention in July.

Trump swept all five Northeastern primary elections earlier in the week and enjoys a massive delegate advantage over his Republican rivals. Cruz has been mathematically eliminated from earning the 1,237 delegate majority, but insists he can block Trump from the majority as well, as the 2016 contest shifts to ""friendlier terrain"" in the West and Midwest. The Texas senator declared he is ""all in"" on Indiana.

Cruz said earlier Friday he would ""enthusiastically welcome"" Pence's support.

Pence, who faces his own re-election this year, had been under enormous pressure from pro- and anti-Trump factions. Although he is more closely aligned with Cruz, he risks voter backlash in the fall if Tuesday's primary contest shows Indiana is filled with Trump voters.

Pence, though, made sure to praise Trump during his remarks Friday. He commended Trump for giving “voice to the frustration of millions of working Americans with the lack of progress in Washington, D.C.”

Fox News’ John Roberts and The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
870,Trump triumphs: Two big takeaways after The Donald wins New York,"There are two ways to analyze Donald Trump’s decisive win in New York’s presidential primary.

First, it’s the acknowledgment of a big run for Trump this week and next during which the GOP frontrunner will amass delegates at a faster clip than any of the other three Republicans in the race – in the process, stretching his lead over Texas Sen. Ted Cruz and pumping up the volume that the Republican nomination is deservedly The Donald’s regardless of where the delegate tally stands going into July’s national convention in Cleveland.

Trump’s argument will look good – on paper, at least.

After New York, he’s two-thirds of the way to the 1,237 delegates required by the GOP and a guaranteed first-ballot win in Cleveland.

For argument’s sake, let’s give Trump roughly 100 of the 172 delegates up for grabs next Tuesday (all the action occurring in his mid-Atlantic backyard of Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, Pennsylvania and Rhode Island).

Once the five states holding GOP contests in May apportion their combined 199 delegates, Trump’s total should enter four-digit territory. Per this Associated Press breakdown, a first-ballot scenario remains feasible.

If he’s smart, Trump will use the rest of April and May to keep driving home one word: “inevitability”.  Backed up by this exit poll data showing that an overwhelming number of New York Republicans saying the candidate with the most primary votes should be the party’s nominee.

Now, the other takeaway from New York: “the Sinatra question”.

To paraphrase that other “Chairman of the Board”, if Trump can make it there – winning big in the Empire State in a closed Republican primary – can he make it anywhere with three-fifths of a primary electorate that hasn’t bought into his candidacy?

The answer: no (not in every primary, at least) . . . and stay tuned.

May will not be the friendliest of months for Trump, what with a first-Tuesday primary in Indiana that could spell more Midwestern trouble (perhaps a repeat of his meltdown in Wisconsin).

After that: a winner-take-all contest in Nebraska that likely will go to Cruz (draw a line from Texas to North Dakota and it runs through states Cruz has won). Finally, Oregon and Washington awarding their delegates proportionally.

Not much of a buzz there.

However, there is an opportunity for Trump to take a major step forward – in a way having nothing to do with bean-counting and convention arcana. And that would be courting those skeptical Republicans still waiting for a Trumpian “pivot” from angry rhetoric and juvenile social-media insults to a more dignified tone and statesmanlike persona.

The news that broke on the same day as New York’s results – that Trump is shaking up his senior campaign staff and empowering his team to spend aggressively to win in May and June – is a first step in that direction.

The next step: breaching divides within the GOP.

According to the latest NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll, 63 percent of Republican primary voters say they could be satisfied with Trump as the GOP nominee.

The good news: it’s better than the 49 percent Trump received back in the March exit polls.

Not so good: it cries of work to be done – specifically, shoring up support among conservatives uneasy of Trump’s past policy inconsistencies and his unwilling in this campaign to take on entitlement spending and the federal budget dragon.

Four years ago, conservatives accounted for 35 percent of that year’s presidential turnout, the highest share since pollsters first began recording that statistic back in 1976; 82 percent of them voted for Mitt Romney. Four years previously, conservatives  were 34 percent of the turnout; only 78 percent voted for John McCain.

In theory, Cruz has a chance of repeating those percentages, if not improving on them. Can Trump? Only if he starts speaking the language.

Such is the unusual nature of this Republican contest. In late April of 2012, after 43 Republican primaries and caucuses had voted, Romney had distanced himself from the field to the point where he could travel to New Hampshire and deliver this speech with an eye on the general election. Romney promised “a new campaign to unite every American who knows in their heart that we can do better . . . the beginning of the end of the disappointments of the Obama years and the start of a new and better chapter that we will write together.”

Trump’s not in that position at present – and he may not be until the final night of the Republican National Convention.

Then again, he’s not the only candidate going through hard times these days.

The same NBC/WSJ poll that gave Trump a historically awful 24 percent positive/65 percent negative approval rating and had Hillary Clinton weighing in at 32 percent positive/56 percent negative. Cruz recorded a 26 percent positive/49 percent negative: Kasich came in at 31 percent positive; 19 percent negative.

Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, the democratic socialist and Clinton’s chief tormentor these days, received grades of 45 percent positive/36 percent negative, suggesting that the American electorate is not only sour on the political class, but sorely in need of a week in Caracas for a reality check on how a socialist county fares under Bernie Vision.

Will Trump take advantage of May’s light pace to transition from temper tantrums to a style more tempered? It’s the practical thing to do. Especially when confronted with national poll numbers that, for now at least, are practically awful.

Bill Whalen is a research fellow at Stanford University's Hoover Institution, where he analyzes California and national politics. He also blogs daily on the 2016 election at www.adayattheracesblog.com. Follow him on Twitter @hooverwhalen.",1
2904,"Iran nuclear talks: 'Tricky issues' remain, Kerry says","Lausanne, Switzerland (CNN) As nuclear talks with Iran neared the endgame, U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry shied away from predicting success.

Difficult issues remain on the table as the world's most powerful diplomats meet in Switzerland with Iranian nuclear negotiators, Kerry told CNN on Monday.

""We are working very hard to work those through. We are working late into the night and obviously into tomorrow. We are working with a view to get something done,"" he said. ""There is a little more light there today, but ​there are still some tricky issues. Everyone knows the meaning of tomorrow.""

Negotiators have set Tuesday as their deadline for a basic deal. A comprehensive deal, including technical additions, is supposed to be negotiated by June 30.

World powers are seeking the outlines of an agreement they say would stop Iran from getting a nuclear weapon for at least 15 years . In exchange, Iran would get out from punishing sanctions that have crippled its economy.

Kerry's comments to CNN came after uncomfortable rumblings about the talks in Lausanne, Switzerland, made headlines.

The assertion: Iran backpedaled the day before on an important detail of a possible deal to prevent it from developing a nuclear bomb.

On Sunday, an Iranian negotiator told journalists that Tehran would not send fissile material to Russia, which diplomats had earlier told journalists was part of the plan to put potential bomb-making materials out of reach.

""The export of stocks of enriched uranium is not in our program, and we do not intend to send them abroad. ... There is no question of sending the stocks abroad,"" Iranian Deputy Foreign Minister Abbas Araghchi said.

But on Monday, a senior U.S. State Department official said the rumblings in the press should quiet down.

Negotiators had not yet decided any specifics about the disposal of fissile material, and Iran has made the comments many times before, the official said, citing a list of previous examples of such statements in press reports.

Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi sounded optimistic as he briefed reporters on the talks' progress earlier Monday, saying that the diplomats were ""narrowing down"" their differences and working out ways to resolve sticking points.

""These marathon-like negotiations have reached the final stage,"" he said.

Things have been tense in Lausanne as the deadline for an agreement looms, with talks snagged on three important points:

• How quickly or slowly Iran will be allowed to advance its nuclear technology in the last five years of the 15-year agreement.

• How quickly crushing U.N. sanctions will go away.

• Whether sanctions will snap back into place if Iran violates the deal.

Iran wants them gone for good. But international negotiators want merely to suspend them, so they can reapply them as leverage if Iran does not keep the bargain.

Agreement on the points is crucial, a Western diplomat said.

""There cannot be an agreement if we do not have answers to these questions,"" the diplomat said.

In the background, a vocal critic of a possible deal spoke out again. Over the weekend, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu denounced the deal he believes is taking shape.

""This agreement as it evolves is fulfilling our deepest fears and even worse,"" he said after a meeting in Israel with visiting U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell. Netanyahu also attacked Iran for its support of Houthi rebels in Yemen, who have overtaken many parts of that country.

He said Iran was trying to take over the whole Middle East with the nuclear deal and its influence in Yemen.

Conservative Washington lawmakers are threatening new sanctions if Tehran doesn't comply with demands, which could throw a wrench into negotiations.

U.S. negotiators are working to reach an agreement in part to prevent this kind of congressional punishment. They fear it could prompt hardliners in Tehran to push for killing the talks, which would scuttle the chances of a deal altogether.

Aside from the three tough points, negotiators on both sides have shown optimism.

U.S. officials have said most of the other elements were solvable if those three major hurdles could be overcome.

Iran's Araghchi agreed. ""Getting to an accord is doable. Solutions have been found for numerous questions,"" he said.

Iran would like sanctions lifted as soon as a deal is signed. But diplomats says it's not so simple.

Iran could see unilateral sanctions relief in the areas of trade, oil and banking, but sanctions adopted by the United Nations are more complicated.

Many are related to proliferation and transfer of missile technology and are tied to certification by the U.N. nuclear watchdog, the International Atomic Energy Agency, that Iran's nuclear program does not have a military dimension.

On Saturday, Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zarif showed some optimism about finding a path through the deadlock.

He said he believes the world powers ""have realized that sanctions, pressure and an agreement will not go together. It's only to translate that understanding and realization into the agreement that we are negotiating.""

U.S. officials said that all sides, including Iran, agree that sanctions would be lifted in phases over time as Iran confirms its compliance to the deal. But they acknowledge there is still disagreement on the actual formula.

Iran also wants to be allowed to develop more advanced centrifuges while the deal is in effect. New machines would enrich uranium much faster than current machines.

U.S. and European officials worry that could enable Iran quickly to produce enough highly enriched uranium for a nuclear weapon.

Diplomats say the first 10 years of the 15-year deal would have the most stringent restrictions, which would be relaxed over the last five.

""We are not asking them to do nothing (in technology development), but they want to do more than we want them to do,"" a Western diplomat said.

But the diplomat added, ""After 15 years, they can do what they want.""

Diplomats said Iran has agreed to a cap of fewer than 6,000 centrifuges that it can operate to enrich uranium. That figure is down from the 6,000 the sides were speaking about when the talks started Thursday, but substantially more than the several hundred the United States had originally wanted.

Iran currently runs about 10,000 centrifuges, but it has around 19,000 in its stockpile.

U.S. officials maintain the number is not that important, because there will be other restrictions on the levels of enrichment and type of centrifuges Iran can operate, which they believe will extend the time Iran would need to produce enough fissile material for a nuclear weapon -- known as the ""breakout time"" -- to at least a year.

While the focus this week is on the March 31 deadline, it's important to note it isn't the final deadline.

Even if a pact is reached Tuesday, it's unclear what form it would take, and the United States and Iran have varying needs.

The parties are seeking to reach what's being called a framework agreement -- essentially a political understanding of the main principles of the final deal.

But if they're able to come together on the big issues, they still have until the end of June when the Joint Plan of Action expires to iron out the details. So that means the talks won't be finished this month.

Officials have been vague about the format this framework deal might take as well as how much of it will be made known to the public and international stakeholders. The United States would prefer a written accord, but Iran has balked at putting anything in writing until a comprehensive deal is reached.

U.S. officials say they will need to quantify Iran's commitments before submitting the agreement to Congress. But U.S. and Western diplomats say that Iran is looking simply for an ""understanding"" of what has been agreed to before a formal accord is reached.",1
4887,Hillary Clinton: 'unpatriotic' Donald Trump's praise of Putin is 'scary',"Hillary Clinton on Thursday derided Donald Trump’s praise of Vladimir Putin as “unpatriotic” and “scary” and suggested the Republican nominee’s coziness with the Russian president could represent a threat to national security.

In a press conference at an airport in Westchester, New York, her first such formal event in 278 days, Clinton discussed Trump’s remarks at a “commander-in-chief forum” hosted by NBC and Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America in New York on Wednesday night, in which the nominees drew sharp contrasts on foreign policy and national security in back-to-back appearances that previewed their first debate later this month.

“Bizarrely, once again he praised Russia’s strongman Vladimir Putin – even taking the astonishing step of suggesting that he prefers the Russian president to our American president,” Clinton said on the airport tarmac, in front of her campaign plane. “Now, that is not just unpatriotic and insulting to the people of our country as well as to our commander-in-chief – it is scary.”



On Wednesday night, Trump insisted his praise for Putin was deserved because the Russian president has an “82% approval rating”.

“I think when he calls me brilliant, I’ll take the compliment, OK?” Trump said.

Trump has exchanged compliments with Putin, though critics have said Russia is meddling in the US election in order to tip the scales in Trump’s favor. Until recently, Trump’s campaign was run by Paul Manafort, who previously worked in Ukraine on behalf of a pro-Russia candidate.

Clinton and her campaign have suggested Russia is using cyber-attacks to meddle in the US election, after a hack of the Democratic National Committee led to the resignation of the DNC chair, Debbie Wasserman Schultz, just before the party’s convention in Philadelphia in July. Trump has downplayed the severity of the intrusion and even invited – sarcastically, he claimed – Russia to hack Clinton’s own emails.

On Thursday, the House speaker, Paul Ryan, distanced himself from Trump’s remarks, accusing Putin of conducting state-sponsored cyber-attacks “on what appears to be [the US] political system”.

“Vladimir Putin is an aggressor who does not share our interests,” Ryan told reporters at a press conference in Washington. “Vladimir Putin is violating the sovereignty of neighboring countries. He is acting like an adversary.”

Ryan, who has endorsed Trump, grew frustrated by questions about the Republican nominee’s remarks. He did not watch the forum event, he said, and did not wish to respond to every comment Trump makes.

“I’m not going to stand up here and do a tit-for-tat on what Donald said last night,” Ryan said.

In New York, Clinton also criticized Trump’s remarks about US generals, who he said had been “reduced to rubble” under the leadership of President Obama, to a degree that is “embarrassing for our country”.

“What would Ronald Reagan say about a Republican nominee who attacks America’s generals and heaps praise on Russia’s president?” Clinton said. “I think we know the answer.”

Clinton challenged Republicans to denounce Trump’s comments. “Every Republican holding or seeking office in this country should be asked if they agree with Donald Trump about these statements,” she said.



In the forum, Clinton and Trump diverged on whether the US should deploy ground troops to Iraq. Clinton restated her opposition to sending a contingent of troops into Syria and said she would not deploy ground troops to Iraq “ever again”. Trump disagreed.

“We would leave a certain group behind and they would take the various sections where they have the oil,” he said, regarding a policy apparently meant to prevent terror groups such as Islamic State from gaining command of such a vital resource.

On Thursday, Clinton denounced this approach. “The United States of America does not invade other countries to plunder and pillage,” she said. “We don’t send our brave men and women around the world to steal oil.

“And that’s not even getting into the absurdity of what it would involve – massive infrastructure, large numbers of troops, many years on the ground. Of course, Trump hasn’t thought through any of that.”

After the press conference, Clinton departed for Charlotte, North Carolina, where she was due to hold a rally on Thursday afternoon.",1
4338,5 Things You Should Know About George Pataki,"5 Things You Should Know About George Pataki

This post has been updated to reflect that Pataki is officially running.

George Pataki announced his presidential candidacy in Exeter, N.H., on Thursday. He's the eighth official Republican entrant in the 2016 race for the White House. The field is expected to double over the next couple of months. Pataki has made numerous visits and a few friends in recent months in the Granite State, home of the first primary in 2016. Still, the mention of his name in most of the country might prompt questions of, ""Who?"" and possibly, ""Why?""

That is remarkable, considering that Pataki served three four-year terms as governor of New York, which at the time of his election was still the second-most populous state in the nation. And while he has been out of office since 2007, he is the last Republican to win a major statewide election in New York in more than 20 years.

Pataki may have had more momentum had he entered the presidential sweepstakes of 2008, when he had just completed a dozen years as governor and was better known. But the 2008 field also included Rudolph Giuliani, whose time as mayor of New York City had largely coincided with Pataki's tenure in Albany. At the time, Giuliani was regarded as formidable, perhaps even the front-runner. And though he ultimately won no primaries, he consigned Pataki to second place in the hearts of New York funders and in the lenses of the New York-based media.

This time around, Pataki hopes to break out of the pack in New Hampshire, where his political action committee has already been running ads. This is a purple state, where Republicans may value his record as a fiscal conservative and accept his relatively liberal positions on abortion, gun control and environmental protection. These latter views will not be espoused by Pataki's rivals in the GOP primaries, but he is counting on finding a market for them among GOP primary voters.

He's a long shot, but here are five things to know about George Pataki:

1. He defeated the liberal icon Mario Cuomo to win the governorship in 1994.

 It was a big midterm sweep for the GOP that fall, with the House going Republican for the first time in 40 years and bringing the Senate along on the tide. But just as stunning were the outcomes in the states, where many incumbent Democratic governors went down. Pataki bagged the biggest prize that day, shocking the political world by defeating three-term incumbent Mario Cuomo, the man who had symbolized liberal resistance to Ronald Reagan's conservatism. Pataki piled up 2-1 margins in the Upstate counties and won enough in New York City's outer boroughs and suburbs to prevail by 4 percentage points. Cuomo, once a leading Democratic prospect for president, never ran for office again, although his son, Andrew, was elected governor in 2010 and re-elected in 2014.

2. He was governor during the terror attacks of Sept. 11, 2001.

 The nation's shock and anger over the destruction of the World Trade Center's twin towers by al-Qaida terrorists afforded many moments of political opportunity, but most of these benefited President George W. Bush and Mayor Giuliani. Pataki was on the scene and involved in much of the difficult aftermath. But he never cut the sort of media figure his fellow Republicans did, and neither did he receive the same boost in national renown.

3. His background combines mainly elements of New York's historic and political mix.

 Pataki's father was a Hungarian immigrant and his mother a mix of Italian and Irish stock, a combination typical in New York City's always changing demographics. But the Patakis settled in Peekskill, an hour north of the megalopolis of New York City up the Hudson River. There, they started as farmers, and it gave the young Pataki a touch of Upstate in his upbringing. A promising student, the young Pataki went to Yale, then Columbia Law School. After a stint on Wall Street, he went back up the Hudson Valley to practice law in the suburbs and then to run for office.

4. He has never lost an election for public office.

 In his late 30s, Pataki ran for mayor of Peekskill on a reform platform and won. Two years later, in 1984, he took on an incumbent Democratic state legislator and won. (It was the last presidential year in which New York went Republican.) In 1992, he challenged an incumbent state senator in the Republican primary and won. Then he made the huge leap from first-termer in the state Senate to GOP nominee for governor, and then, despite Giuliani endorsing his opponent and despite the third-party presence of a conservative businessman, Pataki ousted Cuomo in 1994. He was re-elected in 1998 and 2002 and has not run since.

5. He's the oldest of the presidential prospects on the Republican side and the only one of the major contenders who is older than Hillary Clinton. If elected, he would be the oldest person to take the oath as president.

 The former governor of New York was born in June of 1945, so he will be 71 on Election Day 2016. It is rare for American politicians to make a first bid for the presidency in their 70s (although Independent Democratic hopeful Bernie Sanders is four years Pataki's senior and prospective candidate Jim Webb is 69). Ronald Reagan was the oldest president to assume office, two weeks shy of his 70th birthday. The rest of the 2016 White House field is younger, although some are in their 60s. Hillary Clinton was born in October 1947, so she would still be 69 on Election Day 2016. Former Texas Gov. Rick Perry would be 66, retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson 65, Ohio Gov. John Kasich 64, former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush 63, former CEO Carly Fiorina 62, former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee and Sen. Lindsey Graham would be 61.",1
2176,A ten point plan to defeat ISIS,"While Paris was still reeling under a state of emergency, President Obama took to the stage at the G-20 conference in Turkey to declare his policy to defeat ISIS a success. He had no plans to change course and no time to deal with critics who disagreed. Just days after ISIS ratcheted up their ambitions to conduct mass casualty attacks against the West, the president persisted in claiming his policy was working. President Obama continues to show a stunning and willful blindness to the tragedies all around him.

Meanwhile, the Russians and the French have started fighting back, launching airstrikes against the ISIS capital. As the days go on, more and more nations feel radical Islam’s sting and struggle with how to respond. The world is screaming out for U.S. leadership, but the president just isn’t up to the job.

It is slowly dawning on the West that radical Islam is the existential threat of our times, as fascism was in World War II, as communism was in the Cold War. We can’t cooperate with it, we can’t convert it and we can’t contain it. We must defeat it.

But so far we have no Churchill or FDR, no Reagan or Thatcher or Pope John Paul II. Obama has made it abundantly clear that he’s not budging. He says the U.S. will not send troops into the region, and he uses that as an excuse to do nothing. He says critics have suggested things he’s already doing. He says if anybody has a better plan, he hasn’t seen it.

Mr. President, here is what a better plan looks like. It’s the same plan that won World War II and the Cold War. The U.S. led in both victories, and the U.S. is the only country than can lead this time.  Those victories were multifaceted and multinational.

To defeat radical Islam, the United States should bring together all of Western civilization, combining our economic, political, ideological and diplomatic weapons, our intelligence and cyber capabilities, and our armed forces. No one country acting alone can defeat radical Islam. Everyone has his own role to play. But it won’t happen without America taking the lead.

First, assemble an alliance of nations that are threatened by radical Islam. We may have to hold our noses and work with leaders and countries we have differences with, as we did with the USSR during World War II. But we can put aside those differences temporarily to deal with the immediate threat. Putin, Assad, even the hacktivist group Anonymous could play a role.

The president insists the U.S. won’t send ground forces back to the Middle East. But this is still a military campaign. There is collateral damage in war.  We can try to minimize it, but not at the expense of losing this war.

Second, cut off ISIS’ funding. Bomb their oil fields and refineries. Destroy the pipelines, trucks and tankers taking ISIS oil to market. Use the U.S. banking system to track and freeze ISIS’ assets and sanction any country and company doing business with them.

Third, get tough with our Arab allies. Many Gulf Arab states have wealthy citizens who support radical Islamist groups. Tell those leaders they should police their own and shut down the funding streams. If they don’t, we won’t lift a finger to help them when radical Islamist groups bring the fight to their lands.

Fourth, launch a propaganda war to win the hearts and minds of those whose minds are still open. Use social media for disinformation campaigns. Counter every ISIS video of beheadings with videos showing jihadists blown to bits. -- Showing terrorists committing unspeakable acts of violence doesn’t turn recruits off, it attracts them. The only way to discourage new followers is to show ISIS as weak, confused and in decline.

Fifth, encourage Islam’s leading clerics to speak out against the extremists.  Two of the most respected and important leaders in Islam, the Grand Imam of Al Azhar University and Cairo’s Grand Mutfi, have taken strong stands. We can help spread their messages.

Sixth, launch cyberwarfare against ISIS. Invade their safe havens on the Internet. Disrupt their networks. Radical Islam has dominated this space while we play catch-up.  Even worse, we have tried to conduct our efforts with one hand tied behind our back.

Seventh, arm our allies. We should give anyone willing to stand up and fight ISIS whatever he needs. Arm the Kurds and the Anbar Sunni tribes directly. Give weapons and aid to Jordan, Egypt and Israel.

Eighth, discard political correctness. We reacted to September 11 by treating everyone alike. The grandmother traveling with her grandkids to Disney World was given the same level of scrutiny as the young man with multiple visits to North Waziristan who traveled without luggage on a one-way ticket he paid for in cash. A better way to use our resources efficiently is to profile for terrorist behavior patterns. If we focus on everyone, we focus on no one.

Ninth, Don’t accept refugees we can’t vet. ISIS has already announced it will hide terrorists among the hordes of refugees flooding Europe and hoping to enter the U.S. The directors of the FBI, the CIA and the National Intelligence Agency have all issued warnings about the difficulty of vetting refugees headed for the U.S. Americans can help best by offering humanitarian assistance to keep refugees in the region, helping those of fighting age to stand and fight ISIS.

And finally, 10th, accept that we will constantly need to adapt our strategies and tactics to deal with radical Islamists. President George W. Bush tried to destroy radical Islam by sending in hundreds of thousands of troops to fight in Iraq, and failed. Obama tried withdrawing from the region, and that failed, too.

Yet the threat continues to grow. It has taken different forms over the years – Al Qaeda, ISIS, Boko Haram, al Nusra front – and it will no doubt wear other faces in the years ahead. But it’s the same enemy: religious fanatics driven by the core belief that they have been chosen by Allah to establish a caliphate that rules the world. They will kill any and all who stand in their way – Christians, Jews, Muslims – in the Middle East and worldwide.

Since they’re convinced they will prevail in the inevitable clash of civilizations, they’re not worried about the scope of the battle, or the levels of destruction, or even dying in the process. In fact, they are eager to bring on the end times, since they believe their triumph over the infidels is preordained.

We can laugh at the absurdity of their goals, or dismiss them as the “JV team,” or try to win their hearts and minds, or divert their anger with a jobs summit.

This is an enemy we can defeat. But our efforts need a leader. It can’t be Putin, and it can’t be Hollande. America is the only nation with the bandwidth, clout and power to assemble Western civilization and unite us in this long war.

Now all we need is a leader who is up to the task.

Kathleen Troia ""K.T."" McFarland is a Fox News National Security Analyst and host of FoxNews.com's ""DefCon 3."" She served in national security posts in the Nixon, Ford and Reagan administrations",1
75,The Oregon standoff and America’s double standards on race and religion,"What do you think the response would be if a bunch of black people, filled with rage and armed to the teeth, took over a federal government installation and defied officials to kick them out? I’m pretty sure it wouldn’t be wait-and-see.

Probably more like point-and-shoot.

Or what if the occupiers were Mexican American? They wouldn’t be described with the semi-legitimizing term “militia,” harking to the days of the patriots. And if the gun-toting citizens happened to be Muslim, heaven forbid, there would be wall-to-wall cable news coverage of the “terrorist assault.” I can hear Donald Trump braying for blood.

Not to worry, however, because the extremists who seized the remote Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in southeastern Oregon on Saturday are white. As such, they are permitted to engage in a “standoff” with authorities who keep their distance lest there be needless loss of life.

Such courtesy was not extended to Tamir Rice, the 12-year-old Cleveland boy who was playing with a toy gun in a park on Nov. 22, 2014. Within seconds of arriving on the scene, police officer Timothy Loehmann shot the boy, who died the next day. Prosecutors led a grand jury investigation and announced last month that Loehmann would face no charges. A “perfect storm of human error” was blamed, and apparently storms cannot be held accountable.

Such courtesy, in fact, is routinely denied to unarmed black men and boys who are unfortunate enough to find themselves in the wrong place at the wrong time. You know the litany of names — Michael Brown, Eric Garner, Freddie Gray. And you know how these stories end. Just weeks ago, a Baltimore jury failed to reach a verdict in the trial of the first of six officers charged with Gray’s death. Another perfect storm, I guess.

I probably sound cynical, but in truth I’m just weary. And worried.

Justice is supposed to be blind. Race, ethnicity and religion are not supposed to matter. Yet we’re constantly reminded that these factors can make the difference between justifiable and unjustifiable killing — and between life and death.

The yahoos in Oregon are protesting the Bureau of Land Management’s policies, hardly a red-button issue for most Americans. The federal building they seized is in a wildlife refuge, which means that by definition it’s in the middle of nowhere; the nearest sizable city is Boise, Idaho, about 200 miles away. The protesters’ guns pose more of a threat to bears than people.

So no, I don’t think authorities have any immediate reason to blast their way into the woods with a column of armored vehicles. But I would argue there was no good reason to do so on the streets of Ferguson, Mo., either. Is the salient difference that the Oregon protesters are believed to be heavily armed? If so, what message does that send? Does somebody need to found a Minority Rifle Association so that communities of color are given similar deference?

The organization’s name would have to be changed in a few decades, anyway, when whites in the United States cease to constitute a racial majority. This inexorable demographic shift, I believe, helps explain why the world of politics seems to have gone insane of late.

What I want is that African Americans, Latino Americans, Muslim Americans and other “outsiders” be seen as the Americans we are. What I want is acknowledgment that we, too, have a stake in our democracy and its future course. What I want is the recognition that no one can “take back” the country — which happens to be led by its first African American president — because it belongs to me as much as to you.

These are not the sentiments we’re hearing in the presidential campaign, though — at least, not on the Republican side. Following Trump’s lead, candidates are competing to sound angrier and more embittered. That’s why I am so worried.

You’d think there might be at least a few prominent voices on the right expressing horror and outrage at the wrongful killing of a 12-year-old boy. You’d think that Republicans running for president might find the time to condemn the armed takeover of federal property by zealots. Yet all we hear is crickets chirping.

The GOP candidates have apparently concluded that voicing hope, embracing change and broadening our concept of the American mainstream constitute a losing strategy. They see Trump’s success and mimic him in fostering a sense of “beleaguered” us vs. “menacing” them. This may be an effective way to pursue the nomination, but it’s a terrible disservice to the country.

Read more from Eugene Robinson’s archive, follow him on Twitter or subscribe to his updates on Facebook. You can also join him Tuesdays at 1 p.m. for a live Q&A.",1
2647,Former Marine guilty of murder in 'American Sniper' trial,"A former Marine was found guilty late Tuesday of the 2013 shooting deaths of former Navy SEAL Chris Kyle, the author of ""American Sniper,"" and his friend Chad Littlefield.

It took an Erath County, Texas jury less than two hours to convict Eddie Ray Routh of capital murder. State District Judge Jason Cashon sentenced Routh to life in prison without the possibility of parole. Prosecutors had not sought the death penalty in the case. Routh's defense team said they would appeal the conviction.

""We have waited two years for God to get justice on behalf of our son,"" Littlefield's mother, Judy, told reporters outside the courthouse. ""And as always, God has proven to be faithful, and we're so thrilled that we have the verdict that we have tonight.""

Chris Kyle's widow, Taya, was not in the courtroom when the verdict was read. Earlier in the day, she had stormed out of the courtroom in the middle of the defense's closing arguments, whispering an expletive and slamming her hand on the wall as she walked out the door. At the time, attorneys were discussing how useful it would have been for Routh's mother to have told Chris Kyle about her son's history of violence.

Routh showed no visible emotion as the verdict was read, while Kyle's brother and parents were among a group of the victims' families and friends who cried and held hands. They did not issue a statement.

Jerry Richardson, Littlefield's half-brother, told Routh that he ""took the lives of two heroes, men who tried to be a friend to you, and you became an American disgrace."" Routh had no reaction.

Texas Gov. Greg Abbott tweeted ""JUSTICE!"" in response to the verdict.

Routh, 27, had admitted to killing Kyle and Littlefield at a gun range on Feb. 2, 2013 but pleaded not guilty. His attorneys and family members asserted that he suffers from psychotic episodes caused by post-traumatic stress disorder and other factors.

But prosecutors said Tuesday that whatever episodes Routh suffers are self-induced through alcohol and marijuana abuse.

In front of a packed courtroom, Erath County assistant District Attorney Jane Starnes and three defense attorneys made their case.

""That is not insanity. That is just cold, calculated capital murder,"" Starnes said. ""(Routh) is guilty of capital murder and he was not by any means insane.""

But defense attorneys contended that Routh could not have realized what he was doing.

""He didn't kill those men because of who he wanted to be, he killed those men because he had a delusion,"" Warren St. John said. ""He thought that they were going to kill him.""

Kyle and Littlefield took Routh, who had deployed to Iraq and earthquake-ravaged Haiti, to a shooting range after Routh's mother asked Kyle to help her son cope with PTSD and other personal demons. Interest in the trial had been partially driven by the blockbuster Oscar-nominated film based on Kyle's life.

Routh's attorneys also pointed to the gunman's use of Kyle's pickup truck after the shooting to purchase tacos at a drive-through window and run assorted errands as evidence of delusional behavior.

Had Routh been found not guilty by reason of insanity, the state could have moved to have him committed.

Routh's attorneys pointed out that they needed only a preponderance of evidence for jurors to conclude Routh was insane at the time of the shootings and therefore not guilty, a standard of proof well below what would be required to convict him of capital murder.

But prosecutors also noted that Routh had apologized to Kyle's family -- evidence, they said, of a guilty mind.

""This defendant gunned down two men in cold blood, in the back, in our county. Find him guilty,"" Erath County District Attorney Alan Nash said.

Kyle made more than 300 kills as a sniper for SEAL Team 3, according to his own count. After leaving the military, he volunteered with veterans facing mental health problems, often taking them shooting.

Fox News' Jennifer Girdon and The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
3983,Thanksgiving lessons for the Syrian refugee debate,"After the Paris attacks, Americans are divided on Obama’s plan to let in 10,000 Syrian refugees. The timing is good: Thanksgiving can shed light on how much the nation’s tradition of hospitality should influence this decision.

Syria refugee Nedal Al-Hayk works as a fabricator in Warren, Mich. Several U.S. governors are threatening to halt efforts to allow Syrian refugees into their states in the aftermath of the coordinated attacks in Paris, though an immigration expert says they have no legal authority to do so.

Just as Americans prepare to express their hospitality toward others during Thanksgiving, a national debate has erupted over another kind of hospitality: President Obama’s plan to welcome 10,000 Syrian refugees into the United States. After the Paris attacks, the plan has been widely challenged, not least by nearly half the US governors. They fear Islamic State terrorists might slip in as “sleepers” among the refugees. Others argue back that the US already rigorously vets all asylum seekers – for as long as two years.

Might Thanksgiving, with all its traditions and meaning, shed some light on this debate?

The practice of welcoming strangers into one’s home or community long precedes the first American thanksgiving, that autumn feast of 1621 when Pilgrims and native Americans expressed gratitude for either the harvest, each other, or God’s mercy (or all of the above). Hospitality is an ancient Middle East virtue, rooted in the traditions of desert tribes and deeply encoded in the three Abrahamic religions. In the scriptural book of Hebrews, we read: “Be not forgetful to entertain strangers: for thereby some have entertained angels unawares.”

Hospitality, like Thanksgiving, is a type of giving that treats others – rich or poor, stranger or family – as equals. In ancient days, this egalitarian focus was symbolized by the washing of a guest’s feet. Today it serves as a cornerstone for democracy. It is also the basis for the United Nations Refugee Convention, in which a majority of the world’s states have agreed to grant asylum to people deemed to be refugees.

In the US, a thanksgiving day was not an official holiday until Lincoln made it one during the Civil War. The woman who championed it, Sarah Hale, wrote in 1864: “Let us each see to it that on this one day there shall be no family or individual, within the compass of our means to help, who shall not have some portion prepared, and some reason to join in the general Thanksgiving.”

Granting permanent asylum in the US to a refugee, of course, is not the same as sharing a turkey dinner with a stranger. Today’s modern nation-states are careful about who crosses their borders, either to prevent problems or to enhance their society. But with 1 in every 122 people now either a refugee, internally displaced, or seeking asylum, the need for hospitality is great. And in hospitality a nation can find its greatness.",1
3966,Turkey Says It Shot Down A Russian Warplane Near Border With Syria,"Turkey Says It Shot Down A Russian Warplane Near Border With Syria

Turkey says that after issuing 10 warnings in five minutes, two of its F-16s shot down a Russian warplane that Turkey claims violated its airspace.

On Twitter, Russia's Defense Ministry said its Sukhoi SU-24 was flying ""only within the borders of Syrian territory."" Its pilots, the Russians said, appear to have ejected.

Later in the day, Russian President Vladimir Putin called the action a ""stab in the back by the terrorists' accomplices.""

According to The Associated Press, Putin went on to say that there would be ""significant consequences.""

""We will never tolerate such atrocities as happened today and we hope that the international community will find the strength to join forces and fight this evil,"" Putin said.

The AP published video that appears to show a damaged warplane crash into a hillside. The video, shot from Turkey's Hatay province, then appears to show the pilots parachuting down:

The Washington Post reports that Russia initially disputed Turkey's version of events, saying the plane was likely downed ""due to shelling from the ground.""

Update at 3 p.m. ET: Body Of One Pilot Found

A spokesman for a Syrian rebel group called the 10th Coastal Brigade told NPR's Alison Meuse that it had the body of one of the Russian pilots and also released a video showing the body. The group said the pilot was dead when it found him. He could have been killed in the shoot-down of his jet, when he came under fire during his parachute descent or in a barrage of fire that the rebels laid down to prevent the pilots from heading to a regime-held area nearby.

The spokesman said the group does not know the condition or whereabouts of the second pilot. He may have run to regime-held areas.

Update at 3:10 p.m. ET: Rebels Say They Downed Copter

Another Syrian rebel group, the First Coastal Division, tells NPR that it destroyed a Russian helicopter that had landed about 7 km from the area where the Russian jet was downed.

The helicopter was shot down by a TOW missile provided by a covert U.S. program to support Syrian rebels, according to the media director for the group, which is part of the Free Syrian Army coalition.

The media director did not have information on the Russian crew of the helicopter. The group has released a video purporting to show the attack on the helicopter, showing it engulfed in a huge explosion.

NATO officials held an extraordinary meeting to discuss the incident. Afterward, NATO's secretary general Jens Stoltenberg released a statement saying, ""We stand in solidarity with Turkey and support the territorial integrity of our NATO ally, Turkey"":

The downing of the warplane figured into today's White House meeting between President Obama and French President Francois Hollande, who is trying to shore up support following the recent attacks in Paris.

Obama said Turkey had the right to defend its territory. But he also said both sides need to find out what happened and to ""discourage any kind of escalation."" The president added:",1
4924,"Trump Brings Message of Faith, Unity to Black Church","Donald Trump addressed Great Faith Ministries International, a predominately black church, in Detroit on Saturday. He delivered a focused message on unity and the importance of faith in healing a divided nation.

The Republican nominee was greeted warmly by congregants. Although he is not wildly popular among their voting bloc, his message resonated with the faith community.

""For centuries, the African American church has been the conscience of our country,"" Trump told the congregation.

""I will always support your church — always — and defend your right to worship,"" he added. ""I hope my presence here will also help your voice to reach new audiences in our country and many of these audiences desperately need your spirit and your thought.""

Trump sympathized with the group, telling them that he wants a country that ensures a right for everyone to a great education and to live in safety and peace.

""I fully understand that the African-American community has suffered from discrimination and there are many wrongs that should be made right,"" he said.

Trump's visit comes shortly after hiring former Apprentice star Omarosa Manigault as the director of African-American outreach with the hopes of securing the minority vote. Trump was also joined by former Republican presidential candidate Ben Carson.

""Today, I just want to let you know I am here to listen to you and I am doing that,"" Trump said, adding that as a leader he wants to ""step into the community and learn what is going on.""

The billionaire mogul did just that as he swayed quietly while the church choir sang ""What a Mighty God We Serve."" Later he was donned with a prayer shawl by the church's pastor, Bishop Wayne Jackson, and given a Jewish Heritage Study Bible.

""This is a prayer shawl straight from Israel. Whenever you're flying from coast to coast -- I know you just came back from Mexico and you'll be flying from city to city -- there is an anointing. And anointing is the power of God,"" Jackson said. ""It's going to be sometimes in your life that you're going to feel forsaken, you're going to feel down, but the anointing is going to lift you up. I prayed over this personally and I fasted over it, and I wanted to just put this on you.""

Trump closed his speech by reading 1 John 4:12, 'No one has ever seen God but if we love one another, God lives in us and his love is made complete in us.' And that's so true,"" he said.

Some of the congregants walked away loving Trump and others said they felt no differently about him.

Booker Sawyer III, a real estate agent, told ABC News he was pleased with what he saw.

""It's a blessing to have him here because we just want to hear -- be open to what he has to say,"" he said.

Carol Thomas told the news organization that she has been offended by the things he has said in the past, but that his visit was a ""smart move.""

""At least he can have somebody he can talk to, somebody that is on his level as far as economically, that he can see that all a black people are not so impoverished or we need so much help, because some people have arrived and helped themselves,"" she said.

Jacqueline Wilson, a cashier and a church member, was reluctant to give her political opinion but referred to the Bible when speaking on Trump.

""God says judge no man because you shall be judged,"" she said. ""It's not about Democrat or Republican, it's about who has God's potential.""",1
2396,Obamacare's unlikely No. 1 city,"Killing Obama administration rules, dismantling Obamacare and pushing through tax reform are on the early to-do list.",1
352,Why did Obama send another 450 trainers to Iraq? (+video),"What are so few trainers going to do in an Iraq besieged by the Islamic State? They send a message.

President Obama’s decision to send an additional 450 troops to Iraq to train mostly Sunni fighters for the battle to oust the Islamic State is a modest gesture aimed at a very big problem – Iraq’s wide and deepening sectarian divide between Shiite and Sunni Muslims.

The new trainers, expected to arrive in Iraq within a few days, will go to a different location from the 3,050 United States soldiers already in Iraq and assisting in the training and equipping of Iraqi security forces.

The difference is that the objective of the new site will be to train and arm Sunnis who have largely been excluded from other efforts at building up Iraq’s security forces. This is a priority that Obama administration officials describe as crucial to the effort to reverse the territorial gains of the Islamic State and ultimately push it out of Iraq.

“It’s critically important to get the Sunnis in the main security forces,” said Elissa Slotkin, assistant secretary of Defense for international security affairs, in a teleconference with reporters Wednesday. “That’s another reason we want … US forces on the ground,” she adds, “to help facilitate that conversation” about ensuring that Iraq will “have the military represent the people who are resident in Iraq.”

The new training site at Taqaddum air base is significant – and not just because it was the launch pad for the thousands of US Marines who fought for months in 2007 to take back the nearby city of Fallujah from Sunni insurgents. It was those same extremists who rose from defeat to regroup in war-ravaged Syria and form the Islamic State.

Taqaddum (the Marines simply called it “TQ”) is located outside Ramadi, the capital of the Sunni-dominated Anbar province that Islamic State militants have largely controlled since sweeping into Iraq from Syria a year ago.

Now it will be the goal of the US trainers at TQ to build a fighting force, drawn largely from local Sunni tribes, to spearhead the fight to take back Ramadi, which fell to the Islamic State last month, and begin pushing the extremists out of Anbar.

It is a very tall order – and one that stands virtually no chance of succeeding in the absence of broad political reforms by the Shiite-led government in Baghdad that address the deep marginalization and political exclusion of Iraq’s Sunnis. That alienation has left many Sunnis either indifferent to Islamic State gains or in some cases even sympathetic to them.

Mr. Obama’s order reflects a request from Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi for more help for the fight to retake lost territory from the Islamic State. But it is also an attempt to emphasize the president’s conviction that no amount of US assistance can succeed without an “inclusive” government in Baghdad and Sunni buy-in to the new Iraq.

Just days ago at the Group of Seven meeting of leading industrialized nations in Germany, Obama essentially said that the US had too many trainers in Iraq already, speaking of “more training capacity than we’ve got recruits.” But Obama has made it clear he believes what’s lacking is a military that includes all of Iraq’s communities – and in particular the disenfranchised Sunnis.

""You've had in the past, some of the Sunni tribes who have not joined the regular Iraqi security forces – because of some of the political tensions and divisions in Iraqi politics over the last several years,"" said Ben Rhodes, deputy national security adviser for strategic communications, on the same teleconference. ""Part of what we're aiming to do ... is to provide different pipelines for Iraqis to get into the fight under the umbrella of the Iraqi security forces.""

Addressing the Iraqi shortcomings after meeting Monday with Mr. Abadi on the margins of the G7 summit, Obama zeroed in on the sectarian factor.

Iraq’s Sunnis are “willing and prepared to fight,” he said, but bringing them into the security forces and training programs “has not been happening as fast as it needs to.”

Obama’s decision is also intended to bolster Abadi, a Shiite politician facing opposition within the Iraqi government to any gestures toward the Sunnis. The administration views Abadi as open to political reforms but hesitant before the stiff headwinds he’s encountering from more-hardline Shiites.

In addition, the plan to empower Iraq’s Sunnis is intended as something of a counterbalance to Iran’s growing influence in Iraq. Iran is advising and equipping the Shiite militias that have filled the void left by a collapsed Iraqi Army and police force.

But those militias have also deepened the wedge between Shiites and Sunnis, with many Shiites welcoming their (and Iran’s) growing influence while Sunnis accuse them of abuses and serving Shiite purposes.

Obama has consistently said the fight to oust the Islamic State is one the Iraqis have to win themselves, and Wednesday’s announcement only underscores that perspective. By sending 450 additional trainers to Iraq, Obama can hardly hope to heal Iraq’s sectarian divide. But the step may at least test whether the Iraqi will and intent are there to do it.",1
1550,Sanders gets the fight he wanted,"Killing Obama administration rules, dismantling Obamacare and pushing through tax reform are on the early to-do list.",1
4182,Is Clinton ready for the Wild West campaign of Donald Trump?,"Presidential campaigns are always studies in contrast, but rarely have the differences between the two major party nominees — and the kind of campaigns they plan to run — been as stark and as unusual as those between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump.

His political instincts are as rash as hers are cautious. Her policy proposals are as detailed and numerous as his are broad and few in numbers. Her public appearances are controlled and careful. His are the political equivalent of “The Truman Show.” She says he is unqualified to be president. He says she is unfit to serve.

There are certainly ideological differences between the two. But this is not an election that presents voters with the kind of choice they had in 2012. President Obama and former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney had sharply different views about social and cultural issues, the size and scope of government, the best ways to create jobs, and projecting U.S. power abroad.

Some Democrats probably would take issue with the suggestion that the ideological divisions between Trump and Clinton are less clear than those between Romney and Obama. The Clinton team will appeal to her base with many of the same arguments Obama used against the GOP nominee four years ago.

But Trump is not Romney. If the policy differences between Clinton and Trump were the same as those between Obama and Romney, conservative intellectuals (and many GOP elected officials) would be far more comfortable with Trump as their presumptive nominee.

Ideological consistency is not part of his Trump’s political DNA. He has been on various sides of various issues — in this campaign and in past years. He will campaign to Clinton’s right on issues such as immigration, gun rights, abortion and repealing the Affordable Care Act. He will crowd her from the left on things like trade (though she has shifted on that issue), infrastructure spending and the use of military force.

That’s only a small part of what makes the coming campaign so intriguing. The ways in which Clinton and Trump will run their campaigns could be as defining as where they stand on this or that issue. A walk through their campaign offices hints at these differences.

Clinton’s headquarters is sprawling in its size and population, projecting a leave-nothing-to-chance philosophy. Her campaign operates out of two spacious floors in a Brooklyn office building that features spectacular views of Lower Manhattan. The quarters reflect some sensibilities of a tech start-up, but with a corporate overlay.

Trump’s campaign headquarters is on a floor of Trump Tower in Midtown Manhattan. The space is small and cramped in comparison to Clinton’s, populated by only a handful of people. The office has an industrial quality to it, having once been used for building sets for the reality TV show “The Apprentice.”

There are plans to expand elsewhere in the building to meet the demands of a presumptive nominee, and Trump has set up a Washington office. But compared with Clinton and by normal standards, the Trump campaign has been a minuscule organization, operating largely from the visceral instincts of the candidate. For a long period of time, the inner circle numbered just five people.

Clinton’s campaign has been built on a foundation of successful recent campaigns, particularly those of Obama in 2008 and 2012. It will have massive organizations in the battleground states — paid staff and volunteers. They will be backed by prodigious amounts of research — polling data, focus group findings, voter data, analytics and modeling — designed to draw a detailed picture of the battleground electorates.

The campaign is beginning serious analysis of those electorates. In some states where the demographics are more challenging, the Clinton team will seek to persuade undecided or wavering voters to carry the day. In others, such as Florida, where the demographics are more favorable to the Democrats, the campaign probably will focus more on registering those who haven’t participated in the past and then mobilize every possible Democratic voter to turn out.

Trump consumes and spouts polling data around the clock, using it as a justification for his candidacy and how he conducts himself. Yet he has just now hired a pollster, having rejected the need for one in the primaries. He shows little personal interest in the need for the kind of data and analytics now considered a requirement of modern campaigns.

His expanded team is building state organizations and deepening ties with the Republican National Committee for additional muscle. But his get-out-the-vote operation may never be as comprehensive as Clinton’s, although his advisers say their primary state organizations were better and deeper than they’ve been given credit for.

Where the real differences will come into play are the campaign and communication skills of the candidates. Trump has broken rules in the primaries and shows little inclination to change. He is indiscriminate in doling out interviews — he talks to everybody all the time — and is both strategic and undisciplined about the way he communicates. Clinton is far more controlled, parceling out television interviews and avoiding real interactions with the reporters who have been traveling with her for the past year.

Trump will dominate the hourly news cycle conversation and will be merciless in his attacks on Clinton, as he was against his Republican opponents. Her advisers are not convinced that what worked for him in the primaries will be successful with the broader electorate. They have been studying him, culling information from those who know how he operates as a way of determining the most effective ways of responding. They aren’t sure they’ve cracked the case.

Clinton will not be the main respondent to Trump. Though she has begun to attack Trump in her campaign appearances, campaign officials and surrogates will carry most of the load of answering back as needed. Whether that can break through in an environment in which Trump’s voice speaks loudly is the issue.

Clinton will focus on what she would do to make people’s lives better — a message that has generated little excitement during the primaries. To the extent she talks about Trump, her message will be the obvious: that a Trump presidency is too risky in all respects. He will try to blow past all that in an effort to galvanize those voters sick of the status quo and paint her as a representative of a tired past.

Her advisers think she has the discipline and an outer shell tough enough to prevent him from provoking her unnecessarily. In turn, they think she and they can get under his skin and divert his attention from the factors that will determine how people vote. Trump’s team thinks she doesn’t understand the mood of the electorate.

Clinton has never met an opponent like Trump or run in such a campaign environment as the one that will unfold over the next five-plus months. That reality will animate the election and dictate the tone and pace of the campaign — though not necessarily the outcome.",1
3989,ISIS Suspected in Russia Crash: What It Means,"Growing evidence is leading investigators to believe a bomb may have downed the Russian passenger plane over the Sinai this past weekend.

A U.S. official, speaking on condition of anonymity, says intercepted communications played a role in the tentative conclusion that the Islamic State group's Sinai affiliate planted an explosive device on the plane.

But the official says there has been no formal judgment because forensic evidence from the blast site, including the airplane's black box, are still being analyzed. 

 

Meanwhile, intelligence analysts say they don't believe the operation was ordered by ISIS leaders in Raqqa, Syria. Rather, they believe that if it were a bombing, it was planned and executed by the Islamic State's affiliate in the Sinai, which operates autonomously.

CBN News Terrorism Analyst Erick Stakelbeck says if ISIS claims responsibility for something, they're usually right.

 

""ISIS has had a pretty good track record [when it comes to] responsibility,"" Stakelbeck said. ""When they claim responsibility for an attack, it usually does turn out to be them. We don't know so far in this case, but ISIS has not been known to go out on a limb and say something that they didn't do.""

*Click below to watch CBN's Terrorism Analyst Erick Stakelbeck, Chief International Reporter Gary Lane, and Senior International Reporter George Thomas discuss the implications of this event.

The British government did not wait to take action to protect its tourists.

""There will be no U.K. passenger flights out to Sharm el-Sheikh from now [on],"" U.K. Foreign Secretary Phillip Hammond said. ""Passengers who are on the ground in Sharm el-Sheikh will be returned to the U.K.

Some British tourists were not happy about the move.

""I would prefer to come here and make my own decision, rather than the government tell us I couldn't go,"" British tourist Julie Wattenberg said.

""It would be a really bad decision because I think that nowadays, this could happen anywhere in the world,"" another tourist from Great Britain, Helen Collins, said. ""You need to live your life and not let the terrorists win.""

Investigators will now be looking at how a bomb might have gotten on board.

""What these aviation experts from the U.K. are going to be looking at is was it possible someone who worked for one of the airlines, [like] a grounds crew person, actually went in and planted that bomb,"" CBN News Chief International Correspondent Gary Lane said.

Russian teams are now wrapping up their search for human remains from the Saturday crash that killed all 224 people onboard. Only 140 bodies have been recovered so far.",1
1925,Political world's eyes on New Hampshire,"The state that hosts the nation's first presidential primary will hold its first can't-miss event for the Republican field of 2016 presidential contenders -- the First-in-the-Nation Republican Leadership Summit -- on Friday and Saturday.

New Hampshire's blend of Rockefeller Republicans and tea party faithful can make it tricky terrain for Republicans, who will play to a more socially conservative base in Iowa than they'll find in the Granite State.

But the wide array of candidates -- which range form libertarian-inclined Rand Paul, to brassy East Coaster Chris Christie to culturally conservative Scott Walker -- have plans to test the waters, fanning out across the state over the weekend for additional speeches, meetings, fundraisers and meet-and-greets of their own.

And once they've left, Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton will be in town. A week after kicking off her presidential campaign and on the heels of a three-day swing through Iowa, Clinton will be in New Hampshire on Monday and Tuesday. She is scheduled for similarly small-scale events as her Iowa trip: roundtables with students, educators and business leaders, as well as private meetings with Democratic activists and officials, a campaign aide said. Though Republicans can face challenges in New Hampshire, it's a place that's treated the Clintons well. Bill Clinton found his political resurrection in the Granite State during his 1992 campaign, and it's where Hillary salvaged her cratering 2008 campaign as well. She eventually succumbed to eventual Democratic nominee Barack Obama, but not until after many more months of campaigning thanks in large part to her surprise win in the New England primary. New Hampshire voters are proud -- and protective -- of their first-in-the-nation primary status. Iowa voters weigh in first, but they attend caucuses, rather than casting ballots like they would in a general election. Though the primary date hasn't been set yet, it will likely be in late January or early February 2016. From now until then, though, New Hampshire voters are sure to see plenty of 2016 candidates, particularly from the broad Republican field as the candidates jockey for momentum. The entire GOP field -- declared and undeclared candidates -- gets their first taste of the ""Live free or die"" state at the First-in-the-Nation Republican Leadership Summit hosted by the New Hampshire Republican Party on Friday and Saturday in Nashua. Candidates are scheduled to deliver speeches throughout both days. Leading up to and following the summit, presidential hopefuls have packed their schedules. New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie was on hand for town halls; former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush scheduled several meetings with voters and the press; and Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker will hold a meet-and-greet on Sunday.",1
2428,"ObamaCare fallout? Supreme Court ruling sets up potential Obama, GOP battle","The upcoming Supreme Court decision on the Affordable Care Act could wipe out insurance for millions of people covered by the president’s health care plan, leaving states that didn't set up their own health care markets scrambling to subsidize coverage for those left uninsured.

Twenty-six of the 34 states that would be hardest hit by the ruling have GOP governors. Twenty-two of the 24 Senate seats that are up for re-election in 2016 are currently held by Republicans. What that means is that it’s the GOP – and not the White House –that’s working on damage control.

President Obama’s landmark legislation offers subsidized private insurance to those without access to it on the job. In the Supreme Court case, opponents of the law argue that its literal wording allows the government to subsidize coverage only in states that set up their own health insurance markets.

The justices will determine whether the law makes people in all 50 states eligible for federal tax subsidies -- or just those who live in states that created their own health insurance marketplaces. The question matters because about three dozen states opted against their own marketplace, or exchange, and instead rely on the U.S. Health and Human Services Department’s Healthcare.gov.

If the court rules against the Obama administration, insurance subsidies for people in those states would be in jeopardy.

If the court invalidates the subsidies in those states, the results would be “ugly,” former Kansas insurance commissioner Sandy Praeger told The Associated Press.

""People who are reasonably healthy would just drop coverage,"" she said. ""Only the unhealthy would keep buying health care. It would really exacerbate the problem of the cost of health insurance.""

Praeger, a Republican who retired this year, called it ""a classic death spiral,"" using a term for market collapse.

In March, the Supreme Court appeared divided along ideological lines after hearing the challenge that, if struck down, could affect up to 8 million policy holders.

If the subsidies survive, the ACA will look like settled law to all but a few passionate opponents. However, if they are overturned, the shock could carry into next year’s elections.

Here are just a few of the potential consequences:

Around the time when the court announces its decision, insurers will be working to finalize premiums and plans for the coming year. Contracts with the government for 2016 health law coverage have to be signed by early fall. If the subsidies are overturned, insurers would have to tear up their projections about markets in more than half the states.

Populous states such as Texas, Florida, Ohio, Illinois, New Jersey, Georgia and Pennsylvania would be among those affected.

State lawmakers could mitigate the impact by setting up their own insurance markets, or exchanges. But that can't be done overnight.

States might try authorizing an exchange, and then contracting with the federal government to run it. But that sort of end-run might prompt lawsuits from opponents of the law.

In any case, most state legislatures will be out of session by the summer.

During arguments, Associate Justice Samuel Alito raised the possibility that the court might be able to delay the effective date of its decision. Even a delay through the end of this year wouldn't buy much time. Enrollment for 2016 health law plans is scheduled to start Nov. 1.



The health law was designed as a balancing act. Insurers can't turn people away because of health problems, but most healthy people are required to contribute to the insurance pool, and the government subsidizes most of the premium for low- to middle-income households.

Take away subsidies, and the other two parts become unstable.

The law's requirement to carry insurance, never popular, would probably become the biggest target for repeal.

""My guess is there would be overwhelming political support for the elimination of the individual mandate if people can't afford the premiums,"" said former Sen. Tom Daschle, D-S.D., who was an influential Obama adviser on health care.

Insurers would demand relief from provisions of the law intended to limit premium increases, or they might drop out of the insurance exchanges.

 

 STICKER SHOCK FOR SELF-PAY CUSTOMERS

Many people still buy individual health care policies directly from an insurance company, bypassing the law's markets and paying the full cost. They tend to be small-business owners, self-employed professionals and early retirees.

But even they would not escape the tumult in states losing subsidies.

The health law created one big insurance pool in each state, combining customers who purchase their policies directly with those who buy through the government market. If healthy people exit the insurance exchanges in droves, premiums for those buying directly would go up. Some may be unable to afford the higher cost.

""It would set off cascading events,"" said Larry Levitt of the nonpartisan Kaiser Family Foundation. ""The individual market would empty out as premiums rise significantly.""



Leading congressional Republicans have been walking a fine line, opposing the law in the Supreme Court case while pledging to protect consumers if their side wins.

If the subsidies are overturned, Republicans will first try blaming Obama and the Democrats for writing flawed legislation and then trying to paper over problems with regulations. Then they'll move ahead with a patch to appease angry constituents.

A bill introduced by Sen. Ron Johnson, R-Wis., would continue the subsidies for existing customers only on the federal exchange until September 2017. That would open a window for states to act, but it would ultimately leave the problem for the next president and Congress. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., is a co-sponsor.

Johnson's bill would repeal the requirements for individuals to have insurance and for larger employers to offer coverage to workers.

Obama is unlikely to accept any of those changes.

""The president is likely to veto whatever we would propose, because we don't have a willing partner,"" said Sen. John Barrasso, R-Wyo., leader of a GOP working group on health care.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
1961,Rubio looks to April 13 Miami launch,A verdict in 2017 could have sweeping consequences for tech startups.,1
3929,"The plight of the bitter nerd: Why so many awkward, shy guys end up hating feminism","It sounds corny to say it like that, but I don’t know how to say it and be believed. I know that because, having experienced this emotion from the inside for most of my life, I sure as hell resisted believing it when I heard people saying it.

There’s no one more resistant to being empathized with or more prone to call attempts to do so “patronizing” than the bitter lonely guy, especially when women try to do it but even when other nerdy guys try to reach out. People like Captain Awkward and Dr. Nerdlove and the founders of the Good Men Project spend huge chunks of their lives trying to help nerdy guys, but still get regularly blasted with extreme vitriol as “feminist SJWs” by said nerdy guys.

I’ve tried to write sympathetically about this stuff in the past: the guilt, the shame, the constant feelings of inadequacy. Indeed, part of the reason I am so determined to write and speak up and be an activist is a shamefaced admission of how lucky I’ve been to get away from where I was a few short years ago, how amazing a turning point 2014 was for me while being a terrible year for everyone else.

The viral meme that inaugurated 2015 as the New Year of the Bitter Male Nerd is MIT professor Scott Aaronson leaving an emotionally vulnerable comment on his blog during a heated argument about misogyny and sexual harassment in the STEM community.

He talks about how in the “battle of the sexes,” awkward shy guys damn sure don’t feel “privileged.” How he, in particular, was plagued with guilt and fear over approaching women, constantly self-castigating over the possibility that he was a sexual harasser or a rapist, to the point where he asked a therapist about the possibility of chemical castration. He talks of reading Andrea Dworkin and other radical feminists who make him feel, as a man, like a monster.

And he concludes as a result of this that feminism is a destructive force for men like him, that the bias of the world is tilted in favor of women and women’s issues because everyone is talking about how to help victims of harassment and sexual assault and no one is talking about how to help him.

And it sucks. I’m not trying to deny that it sucks. Although I was never as bad off as Scott Aaronson I’ve felt a lot of those feelings and, more importantly, I’ve known my share of guys who were that bad off. It seems in every group of nerdy guys I’ve known there’s one guy who’s trapped in a feedback loop of anxiety and self-loathing when it comes to women that goes around and around in circles.

Feminists on the Internet have tried to respond to Aaronson’s piece, some sympathetically, some less so.

I don’t want to rehash all the points Amanda Marcotte and Laurie Penny made. Nor do I have some magic way of squaring the circle and making everything okay for guys like Scott — for both him and me, high school was a long time ago, and the only thing that really heals these wounds isn’t any stirring speech or specific program of self-improvement but just time.

But I will say something that, as a guy who’s Been There, seems obvious to me and necessary to say.

None of the pain Scott talks about came from things that happened to him. They came from things that happened inside his head. He speaks in generalities about “sexual assault prevention workshops,” or of feeling targeted by feminist literature — himself saying that he was perversely drawn to the most radical and aggressive rhetoric he could find, eschewing more moderate writers for the firebreathing of Dworkin and MacKinnon.

He doesn’t talk about anyone targeting or harassing him personally — indeed, how could he be targeted by books written by second-wave feminists when he was a toddler? — but of feeling targeted, of having an accusatory voice inside his mind tormenting him with a pervasive sense of inadequacy, uncleanness, wrongness. It doesn’t seem like anyone in his life was particularly giving him a hard time, but that he was giving himself a hard time and picking up on any critical or negative messages directed at men in general as a way to amplify his negative thoughts.

As someone who’s no stranger to those conditions we call depression and anxiety, I can relate to Scott. As someone whose circle of friends is also no stranger to those conditions, and as someone who’s read David Foster Wallace’s seminal take on the topic, I also can’t blame anyone for being frustrated with Scott.

Depression, at its core, doesn’t really make sense, but it’s really great at hijacking the rest of your brain to make itself make sense, and when the depressed person in question is highly intelligent, you end up with an immaculately logical tower of reasoning for why their depression is wholly rational and inevitable.

That’s how I feel when I look at Scott’s impassioned argument that the dating scene is set up to grind “shy awkward nerds” into the dirt while letting jockish “Neanderthals” have all the women they want. I could point out plenty of evidence, statistical and anecdotal, that this is not in fact the case, as commenters in that thread in fact do — but what would be the point? You can’t argue with emotions that deeply ingrained.

What’s striking to me is that this comes up because Scott very passionately wants to debate that nerds don’t have “male privilege” and that nerdy guys are the victims, not perpetrators, of sexism. He is arguing this to a commenter posting under the name “Amy,” who argues that shy, nerdy guys are in fact plenty dangerous on the grounds that she has been raped by a shy, nerdy boyfriend, and that in her life experience around shy, nerdy guys she’s seen plenty of shy, nerdy guys commit harassment and assault and use their shy nerdiness as a shield against culpability for it.

To be blunt, Scott’s story is about Scott himself spending a lot of time by himself hating himself. When he eventually stops hating himself and, as an older, more mature nerd, asks women out, no women mace him, slap him or ritually humiliate him — instead he ends up with a girlfriend who ends up becoming a wife. So far, so typical. Amy’s story is about being harassed and groped by men in the tech world and, eventually, being raped by a shy, nerdy guy she thought she trusted. So far, so also typical. What’s the biggest difference between Scott’s and Amy’s stories? Scott’s story is about things that happened inside his brain. Amy’s story is about actual things that were done to her by other people against her will, without her control. And Scott, and his commenters, are treating the two as worthy of equivalent degrees of scrutiny. This isn’t a new or unique instance of this kind of blind spot going on. We all know about the Gamergate firestorm where a bunch of anonymous guys on the Internet felt harassed and insulted by an article making general criticisms about “gamer culture” as a whole and deciding to react by harassing specific, individual women, including calling a SWAT team to someone’s house, and treating it as though these two things are equivalent. It’s similar to an earlier instance when “nerd persecution” was cried, when Rebecca Watson talked publicly about being made to feel uncomfortable in an elevator at a conference for atheist thinkers by a guy hitting on her at 4:00 a.m. Watson didn’t name the guy, didn’t share the guy’s social media handle, didn’t show a photo of the guy. The guy remains anonymous to this day. She wasn’t even particularly mean to him — her “Guys, don’t do that” is exactly the kind of blunt, well-intentioned advice guys like Scott say they want. But people acted like Watson, by speaking up about something a guy did to make her feel uncomfortable, had viciously attacked the guy — and, by extension, viciously attacked all shy, awkward guys — and therefore felt justified in viciously attacking her in return. This turns out to be a pattern. For most of us, sex is a big part of our lives, and our relationship to gender therefore a weighted and fraught thing. We all have hang-ups and neuroses, and they’re much more likely to manifest in the way we see sexual attraction and relationships than in the way we do our taxes. No one actually said men have it easy. But men are the ones who by and large get to deal with this as an internal matter. Women are the ones who have to deal with internal hang-ups and, as Laurie Penny points out in her piece, external threats from other people. Guys deal with Women in the abstract, as a category; women deal with specific men who physically threaten them. Guys claim to be harassed more often online than women do, but when guys are “harassed” it means being exposed to a generalized atmosphere of nasty comments and rude behavior. By contrast, women are the ones who get singled out, stalked, who become unwilling celebrities with a horde of people dedicated to “taking her down.” This is what Laurie Penny means — or one of the things she means — when she says that the harm the “patriarchy” causes women is “structural.” Not that all women have it worse than all men. Not that anyone gets away without getting at least a little screwed up by the arbitrary, unreasonable demands our culture makes of us. But that it’s women who disproportionately bear the burden of actual harm, of being directly victimized by other people. I don’t know what the best way is to help guys like Scott Aaronson who wrestle with internal demons. Internal demons are slippery things. I do know that what could help women like Amy is to find the guys who are doing bad things to her and stop those guys from doing that. That’s why feminism is more focused on women’s issues than men’s, because women’s issues are the things happening out in the world where we can do something about them. Similarly, no one gets away without having hang-ups and neuroses about race, but racism — the systematic denial of access to financial and social capital, the being kept out of jobs, the being harassed and shot by law enforcement — is something that happens to black people in this country and not to whites. The questions of how to deal with the roles we’ve been handed down by our parents and our culture and how we parse how much of it is our own personality problems and our own psychology versus our cultural inheritance — that’s a problem all of us have and maybe will continue to have for the rest of human history. But the problem of people being assaulted, harassed, raped, killed? That’s an external, physical problem. That’s something we can do something about. I don’t know how “women,” as a group, can help men with the problems he describes. I can testify from my own experience that getting laid does not, in and of itself, magically make anything better and that if Scott believes (as he says) that living in an era when he would’ve had an arranged marriage at a young age would’ve made his problems vanish, he’s probably wrong. But meanwhile, women are getting stalked and raped and killed. That’s something that men are doing and that men can stop other men from doing. And, with apologies to my fellow emotionally tortured guys, that really ought to be our priority.",1
4314,"Clinton, judged winner of debate, holds big national lead over Sanders","Aided by her performance in the first Democratic debate, Hillary Rodham Clinton has regained much of the ground she lost during a summer of controversy and holds a dominating lead nationally over Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) in the contest for her party’s presidential nomination, according to a new Washington Post-ABC News poll.

Vice President Biden, who has yet to announce whether he will join the Democratic race in the coming days or weeks, runs third amid signs of slippage over the past month. If he were to decide not to run, the poll indicates that much of his current support would go to Clinton rather than Sanders.

[Read details from the latest Washington Post-ABC News national poll here]

By a wide margin, Democrats and Democratic-leaning independents rated Clinton over Sanders as the winner of last week’s debate in Las Vegas. The debate was the first of three events this month that are seen as important tests for Clinton, whose candidacy has been hurt by questions about the security of the private e-mail server and account she used while serving as secretary of state.

On Thursday, Clinton will testify before the House committee that is investigating the attacks in Benghazi, Libya, on Sept. 11 and 12, 2012, which led to the deaths of four Americans. Then, on Saturday, she will join other Democratic presidential candidates at the Jefferson-Jackson Dinner in Iowa, a quadrennial testing ground that eight years ago provided a significant boost to then-Sen. Barack Obama’s candidacy.

Clinton currently leads the Democratic race with the support of 54 percent of registered Democrats and Democratic-leaning independents. That compares with 42 percent in September, by far her lowest level of support over the past two years, and 63 percent in July.

Sanders runs second at 23 percent, almost identical to his September number. The senator from Vermont, who has tapped energy among those in the progressive wing of the Democratic Party, saw his support rise steadily throughout the spring and summer. The latest results mark the first time that his support has not moved from one month to the next.

Biden’s possible candidacy draws the support of 16 percent of Democrats, halting a rise to 21 percent in September. That puts him back about where he was when speculation about a possible candidacy began to ramp up in midsummer.

Without Biden in the field, Clinton’s support jumps 10 points to 64 percent among Democratic-leaning voters. Sanders picks up 2 points to 25 percent.

None of the other candidates included in the poll — former Maryland governor Martin O’Malley, former senator Jim Webb of Virginia or former Rhode Island senator and governor Lincoln Chafee — registered more than 2 percent. The poll was completed before Webb’s announcement Tuesday that he would no longer seek the Democratic nomination.

Nearly two-thirds of Democrats predict that Clinton will be their party’s nominee. That percentage is lower than the last time the question was asked in a Post-ABC poll, which was in late March. At that time, Sanders had not announced his candidacy and therefore was not a significant factor in the race.

More than seven in 10 Democrats say that Clinton has the best chance of the party’s candidates to win the general election in November 2016. Just one in five cite Sanders as the party’s strongest candidate. In a related question, asked of all adults, 37 percent predicted that she would win the general election, while 20 percent say Republican candidate Donald Trump would win.

Among Democrats, Clinton leads Sanders on who is “closer to you” on the issues by 53 to 36 percent and on who “understands the problems of people like you” by 51 to 37 percent.

Clinton’s weakest attribute among those tested with Democrats came on the question of honesty. Asked who in the field is more honest and trustworthy, 42 percent said Clinton and 41 percent named Sanders.

Clinton recently announced her opposition to the construction of the Keystone XL pipeline and to the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade agreement. The new poll found that 50 percent of Democrats and Democratic-leaning independents want a president who opposes the pipeline, while 50 percent support Obama’s new trade pact.

Clinton’s positions on the two issues are out of step with the general public. A majority support the Keystone XL pipeline (55 to 34 percent) and a plurality (44 to 32 percent) want the next president to back the trade agreement.

Among Democrats, Clinton has more support with women than men. Her strength among women rose in the new poll after an unexpectedly sharp drop in September. She has more support among voters age 50 and older than among those younger than 50.

Clinton leads Sanders among white Democrats by 49 to 32 percent and among non-whites by 61 to 13. However, white Democrats rate Sanders as more honest and trustworthy. Non-whites say Clinton is more honest.

Clinton’s deep Washington experience as a senator and secretary of state is an asset in the Democratic primary. Among leaning Democrats, 76 percent say they want the next president to have experience in how the political system works. For that group, 64 percent support Clinton, compared with 17 percent for Sanders and 14 percent for Biden.

The Post-ABC poll was conducted Oct. 15 to 18 among a random national sample of 1,001 adults, including land-line and cellphone respondents. Full results have a margin of sampling error of plus or minus 3.5 percentage points. The error margin is plus or minus six points among the sample of 352 Democratic-leaning registered voters.",1
4785,"As Clinton builds on a strong debate, Trump lobs attacks and complaints","Hillary Clinton moved to capitalize Tuesday on a sharp-edged debate performance that exposed vulnerabilities for Donald Trump, excoriating his values and character in an effort to expand her coalition of women, minorities and young voters.

Trump, meanwhile, scrambled to move his campaign forward. While the Republican nominee insisted that he was not unnerved, he and his advisers grasped at excuses to explain why he did not perform better at the first presidential debate Monday night.

Trump on Tuesday was unrepentant and eager to defend his past, denigrating a former beauty pageant winner whom he targeted as his latest foil and vowing to attack Clinton over her husband’s marital infidelities in their next showdown.

In a country divided over two historically unpopular candidates, Trump’s turn is unlikely to shake his core support. But Democrats said they felt assured that Trump’s hot temperament, scattered demeanor and series of statements that left him exposed to further scrutiny would make it increasingly difficult for him to win over the undecided voters he has been courting, especially moderate white women.

“I look back as a former practitioner and say, ‘Is there anything Donald Trump did to convince somebody who wasn’t in his column to be for him?’ ” said David Plouffe, President Obama’s former campaign manager. “I have a hard time thinking there’s many of those people. I don’t think he lost anybody. But that’s not his challenge now. He’s got to add.”

Clinton was ebullient as she returned to the campaign trail Tuesday in Raleigh, N.C., and strove to keep alive the controversies that marred Trump’s debate performance.

“The real point is about temperament and fitness and qualification to hold the most important, hardest job in the world, and I think people saw last night some very clear differences between us,” Clinton told reporters aboard her campaign plane en route to North Carolina.

Trump did little to change the subject. In a Tuesday morning interview on Fox News Channel, he said debate moderator Lester Holt, the anchor of “NBC Nightly News,” was biased, and the Republican complained about the quality of his microphone. Clinton jabbed him for that, telling reporters, “Anybody who complains about the microphone is not having a good night.”

[Trump’s attacks on her weight are ‘a bad dream’ for former Miss Universe]

Trump also disparaged a former Miss Universe pageant winner, Alicia Machado, for her physique. In the debate, Clinton raised Trump’s past comments about the Venezuela-born woman, who was crowned Miss Universe at age 19 in 1996.

“He called this woman ‘Miss Piggy,’ and then he called her ‘Miss Housekeeping,’ because she is Latina,” Clinton said in one of the debate’s more electric exchanges.

The next morning, Trump offered an indignant defense of how he dealt with Machado when he was a partner in the company that owned the Miss Universe contest.

“She was the worst we ever had,” he said on Fox, adding: “She gained a massive amount of weight, and it was a real problem.”

The Clinton campaign sought to advance the story across media platforms, releasing a Web video featuring the beauty queen-turned-actor, now a U.S. citizen who lives in California, and arranging a conference call for reporters with Machado, who described the election as “like a bad dream.”

Like Trump’s feud this summer with the Muslim parents of a dead U.S. soldier, the Machado episode rapidly emerged as a microcosm of the campaign — and a test of whether Trump can expand his support beyond his base of aggrieved white voters, most of them men.

Mike Murphy, a veteran Republican strategist who has been critical of the party’s nominee, said Trump’s comments about Machado were “hugely tone deaf.” The debate overall, he said, was for many Republicans “an ‘Oh, crap’ moment. If you thought he had a spring in his step for the last few weeks and was getting back in the hunt, that’s pretty much gone.”

Few of Trump’s supporters went so far as to crown him the victor. House Speaker Paul D. Ryan (R-Wis.), who has been a weather vane for the Republican leadership during this election season, was supportive though muted at a Tuesday news conference. He told reporters that Trump gave a “unique, Donald Trump response to the status quo.”

“I think he gave a spirited argument,” Ryan said, “and I think he passed a number of thresholds.”

Trump’s backers insisted that the debate would not damage his standing in the close race with Clinton. Rep. Peter T. King (R-N.Y.) said, “As far as the temperament, that’s how he’s been for the last 15 months. It got him to the top. . . . He does have the feistiness that I think 51 percent of the American people will like.”

William J. Bennett, who served in President Ronald Reagan’s Cabinet, said of Trump: “When he loses his temper a little bit, many people see that as passion and as someone who’s engaged in the fight and in what he believes. People forgive that — and a leopard can’t change his spots.”

[Why even Republicans think Clinton won the first debate]

It will take several days before the political impact of Monday’s debate becomes clear, but many Republicans said they were bracing for Clinton to get a bump in the polls. An estimated 84 million people watched the clash at Hofstra University in Hempstead, N.Y., making it the most-watched presidential debate in history.

The event reverberated around the globe. Former Mexican president Vicente Fox said Trump’s behavior should alarm world leaders because he revealed himself to be “ignorant” and “dangerous.”

“When he speaks about the geoeconomic situation and the geopolitical situation and terrorism, he’s absolutely ignorant, and he’s only provoking us democratic leaders from around the world to reject everything he’s proposing,” Fox, who watched the debate on Mexican television, said in a telephone interview. “He is an imperialistic gringo.”

In the United States, the risk for Trump is that a negative impression sets in on shows such as NBC’s “Saturday Night Live,” on social media and in workplace conversations.

Democrats sought to taunt Trump on his uneven performance, particularly given his regular attacks on Clinton’s “stamina” and appearance.

“He seemed unable to handle that big stage, and I really did feel that by the end, with the kind of snorting, the water gulping and the leaning on the lectern, that he just seemed really out of gas,” said Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta.

Trump previewed an even more combative second debate, Oct. 9 in St. Louis, by saying he might “hit her harder,” perhaps over former president Bill Clinton’s affairs.

“I really eased up because I didn’t want to hurt anyone’s feelings,” Trump said on Fox, saying he would have brought up “the many affairs that Bill Clinton had” but held back because the Clintons’ daughter, Chelsea, was in the audience.

“I didn’t think it was worth the shot,” he said. “I didn’t think it was nice.”

Hillary Clinton shrugged off the threat, telling reporters: “He can run his campaign however he chooses. I will continue to talk about what I want to do for the American people.”

Clinton campaigned at a community college gymnasium in Raleigh to whoops and loud applause. “One down, two to go,” she said of the debates.

During a campaign rally in Melbourne, Fla., Tuesday evening, Trump said that Clinton is “a woman that I think is virtually incompetent, certainly as secretary of state.” He called her incompetent repeatedly throughout the rally.

“We’re going to get rid of that crooked woman. She’s a crooked woman. She’s a very, very dishonest woman,” Trump said.

For Democrats, Trump provided what Plouffe called “an embarrassment of riches” at the debate — a series of controversial statements and unresolved, damaging questions. He seemed to affirm that he paid no income taxes; he made side remarks and pained expressions while Clinton praised the vibrancy of African Americans; he said it was a smart business strategy to profit from the housing crash.

Vice President Biden seized on that last point at a rally for Clinton in Philadelphia, where he charged that Trump has no “moral center.”

“This is a guy who said it was good business for him to see the housing market fail,” Biden said. “What in the hell is he talking about?”

Clinton and a brigade of high-profile surrogates plan to continue using Trump’s debate comments against him. She will campaign in New Hampshire on Wednesday with Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.), hoping to energize young voters there with a discussion of college affordability, while first lady Michelle Obama will stump across Pennsylvania on Thursday.

“He put a lot on the table — a lot of things that are not true and a lot of views that we think are counter to where most voters are,” said Jennifer Palmieri, Clinton’s communications director. “It won’t end tomorrow. There’s a lot that will live on from this debate.”

Anne Gearan in Raleigh, N.C., Jenna Johnson in Melbourne, Fla., and Jose DelReal in Washington contributed to this report.",1
3822,"White House, Republicans work together in final push on trade bill","House Republicans and President Obama joined forces for the final push for votes to keep the White House’s trade agenda alive, unveiling the latest version of fast-track authority overnight Tuesday and setting up a possible Friday vote on the measure.

GOP leaders hoped to allay Democratic concerns about a minor Medicare provision in the sweeping legislation, but the issue remained unsettled after two closed-door party caucuses Wednesday morning.

Union officials, in a pair of strongly worded letters, accused their regular ally — Obama — of having “marginalized” labor views and asked Democrats to vote against a program designed to help laid-off workers in a manner that would kill the entire trade legislation.

Complicating the issues even further is the parliamentary morass House Speaker John A. Boehner (R-Ohio) has charted for the next few days, giving opponents multiple avenues for defeating Obama.

If Boehner and Obama’s advisers are not confident in the outcome, the vote could be pushed into next week, but leading Republicans, particularly Rep. Paul Ryan (Wis.), have been pushing to hold the vote before allowing lawmakers to leave for the weekend — and another round of hometown opponents pushing House members to vote no.

Rep. Gerald E. Connolly (D-Va.), who is supporting the trade proposals and accompanied Obama to Europe last weekend, said the administration has a ­“quiet confidence” that it can win the vote with a strange-

bedfellows coalition consisting of roughly 195 Republicans and

25 to 30 Democrats. “They know it’s going to be close, but they see a path to passage,” Connolly said after the trip, which included two long discussions with Obama and a marathon dinner with his chief of staff, Denis McDonough.

The Senate, on a large bipartisan vote, approved Trade Promotion Authority last month. It would give the Obama administration a more certain process for finalizing a large 12-nation deal to expedite commerce across the Pacific Ocean. At a meeting of the White House Export Council on Wednesday, U.S. Trade Representative Michael Froman said the other 11 nations would not put their best, final offers on the table until the fast-track issue is resolved in Congress.

“They’re only willing to do that if they feel like we’ve got the political support here to move that forward,” Froman said.

The TPA bill includes new funding for a program designed to help U.S. workers who lose jobs because of international competition, known as Trade Adjustment Assistance, which has broad Democratic support but faces some GOP opposition from Republicans who consider it a form of welfare.

Opponents kicked off their final push to defeat Obama’s top remaining legislative priority by latching onto a relatively small cut in Medicare that was meant to offset increased funding for worker training.

“We are going to vote against anything that will cut Medicare,” Rep. Rosa L. DeLauro (D-Conn.) said at a rally outside the Capitol.

The Democrat-on-Democrat tension has risen to levels not seen in the Obama era. Rep. Brad Sherman (D-Calif.) accused Obama of living “in a cloister” where only “captains of industry” get to air their views to him.

In the five-page missive sent Monday, AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka accused Obama of mischaracterizing labor’s stance on the emerging Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP). “You have repeatedly isolated and marginalized labor and unions as the only opponents of fast track and TPP,” Trumka wrote, according to a copy obtained by The Washington Post. “I am sure you are aware, however, that the critics of the current TPP encompass a broad, deep, and intellectually impressive swath of public opinion.”

Republicans plan to hold several votes on the legislative package — including separate votes for the trade authority and for the worker assistance. If both of those passed, they would be reattached and then sent to the White House for Obama’s signature.

The expectation is that all the Democrats would vote for the TAA legislation, along with a few dozen Republicans from districts where manufacturing jobs have been hurt by global trade, then a huge bloc of Republicans — along with a couple of dozen Democrats — would support TPA.

But labor officials are urging Democrats to sabotage the piece of the legislative jigsaw puzzle that requires huge Democratic support: TAA’s worker-retraining funds, even though it is for a cause they ideologically support. If they take down that vote, they would torpedo Obama’s entire trade agenda.

Boehner and Ryan, chairman of the Ways and Means Committee, do not want to alter the delicately balanced TPA-TAA package because that would require sending it back to the Senate for another vote and potentially several more weeks of debate there. They worked to avert this issue by advancing a separate piece of legislation that would replace the roughly $900 million cut in Medicare, slated for 2024, with some stricter enforcement of tax laws. He told reporters Wednesday that he would allow that legislation to be voted on first so that Democrats could vote for TAA without fear of retribution from their allies for supporting even a modest cut in the popular entitlement program.

“That solves the problem,” Boehner said. “Now, if people are looking for an excuse to vote no, I guess they can always find an excuse to vote no.”

However, in the closed-door huddle of Democrats, Pelosi characterized that plan as “unacceptable” because it left the language of the Medicare cut in the legislation and said that, no matter if it were never going to be enacted into law, Democrats could not support such a plan, according to a handful of lawmakers in the room.

At the moment, Democratic ­opponents expressed confidence that they would have the numbers to defeat the vote for TAA.

“I’ve been whipping on this, and my sense is that we have mostly no votes,” said Rep. Jan Schakowsky (D-Ill.). “I haven’t personally come across anybody who said they were going to vote for it.”",1
4521,French police swarm forest 'larger than Paris' in hunt for Charlie Hebdo jihadist assassins,"DEVELOPING: French police are swarming a 51-square-mile dense forest in their hunt for the Islamist terrorist brothers suspected of carrying out Wednesday's deadly shooting massacre at the Paris office of a satirical magazine.

Authorities say the two brothers, identified as Said and Cherif Kouachi, may be hiding out in the Forêt de Retz, a vast woodland described as ""larger than Paris,"" Sky News reported.

Terror in Paris: Full coverage of the Charlie Hebdo shooting

The pair robbed a gas station at gunpoint Thursday near the small town of Villers-Cotterêts, about 40 miles northeast of Paris, a day after they opened fire inside the offices of satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo, killing 12 people and wounding 11 others, four seriously, police said.

Two men fitting the description of the terror suspects stole gas and food from a gas station Thursday morning near the sleepy village, in the northern Aisne region, according to multiple reports. The assailants fled in a Renault Clio, which had weapons on its backseat and its license plates covered, according to witnesses. The robbery suspects were described as masked, with Kalashnikovs and what appeared to be a rocket launcher, according to the AFP.

French authorities said the brothers, both in their early 30s, are the prime suspects in a deadly Islamist terror attack Wednesday morning at Charlie Hebdo's Paris headquarters. The assailants forced their way into the magazine's main offices, killing 12, including the magazine's editor, before fleeing in a getaway car in broad daylight.

Earlier Thursday, Mourad Hamyd, 18, surrendered at a police station in a small town in the eastern region after learning his name was linked to the attacks in the news and social media, said Paris prosecutor's spokeswoman Agnes Thibault-Lecuivre. She did not specify his relationship to the Kouachi brothers.

A heavy police presence, including helicopters, could be seen Thursday in Crepy-en-Valois, 10 miles from the gas station that was robbed. SWAT teams were reportedly searching homes and woods in the area, questioning every resident. After nightfall, the search focus shifted to the Forêt de Retz, one of France's largest forests.

Cherif Kouachi was already known to French intelligence services, due to his history of funneling jihadi fighters to Iraq and a terrorism conviction from 2008. A police bulletin said the brothers should be considered armed and dangerous.

France's prime minister said Thursday that authorities had made ""several arrests"" while hunting for the men. An overnight search in the city of Reims proved fruitless.

Manuel Valls made the remarks in an interview with RTL radio as France prepared to observe a national day of mourning in memory of those killed at the headquarters of Charlie Hebdo, a publication that had been threatened before for its caricatures of the Prophet Muhammed. Valls told the station that preventing another attack is ""our main concern.""

France raised its terror alert system to the maximum level after the daylight attack and bolstered security with more than 800 extra soldiers to guard media offices, places of worship, transport and other sensitive areas. A nationwide minute of silence was planned for noon.

Intelligence officials told Fox News there has been no credible claim of responsibility for the attack, but investigators strongly suspect there is a connection to a foreign terrorist organization. Less than an hour after the shooting, a series of tweets were sent out in which three Al Qaeda figures -- past and present -- were featured prominently, according to an intelligence source. The tweets included images of Ayman al Zawahiri, the leader of Al Qaeda in Pakistan, Anwar al-Awlaki, former Al Qaeda commander in Yemen and the first American targeted for death by the CIA, and American Samir Khan, who was behind AQAP’s propaganda journal Inspire magazine and who was also killed alongside al-Awlaki in a U.S. drone strike in 2011.

One witness to Wednesday's attack said the gunmen were so methodical he at first mistook them for an elite anti-terrorism squad. Then they fired on a police officer.

The masked, black-clad men with assault rifles stormed the offices near Paris' Bastille monument in the Wednesday attack at noon on the publication, which had long drawn condemnation and threats -- it was firebombed in 2011 -- for its depictions of Islam, although it also satirized other religions and political figures.

The staff was in an editorial meeting and the gunmen headed straight for the paper's editor, Stephane Charbonnier, widely known by his pen name Charb, killing him and his police bodyguard first, said Christophe Crepin, a police union spokesman.

Shouting ""Allahu akbar!"" as they fired, the men spoke in fluent, unaccented French as they called out the names of specific employees.

Eight journalists, two police officers, a maintenance worker and a visitor were killed, said prosecutor Francois Molins. He said 11 people were wounded, four of them seriously.

Two gunmen strolled out to a black car waiting below, one of them calmly shooting a wounded police officer in the head as he writhed on the ground, according to video and a man who watched in fear from his home across the street.

""They knew exactly what they had to do and exactly where to shoot. While one kept watch and checked that the traffic was good for them, the other one delivered the final coup de grace,"" said the witness, who refused to allow his name to be used because he feared for his safety.

""Hey! We avenged the Prophet Muhammad! We killed Charlie Hebdo,"" one of the men shouted in French, according to video shot from a nearby building.

One police official, speaking on condition of anonymity because the investigation was ongoing, said the suspects were linked to a Yemeni terrorist network. Cedric Le Bechec, a witness who encountered the escaping gunmen, quoted the attackers as saying: ""You can tell the media that it's Al Qaeda in Yemen.""

RELATED: Giuliani on how to combat Islamic extremism

After fleeing, the attackers collided with a vehicle, then hijacked another car before slipping away into the streets of Paris, Molins said.

The other dead were identified as cartoonists Georges Wolinski and Berbard Verlhac, better known as Tignous, and Jean Cabut, known as ""Cabu."" Also killed was Bernard Maris, an economist who was a contributor to the newspaper and was heard regularly on French radio.

One cartoon, released in this week's issue and titled ""Still No Attacks in France,"" had a caricature of a jihadi fighter saying ""Just wait -- we have until the end of January to present our New Year's wishes."" Charb was the artist.

Le Bechec, the witness who encountered the gunmen in another part of Paris, described on his Facebook page seeing two men ""get out of a bullet-ridden car with a rocket-launcher in hand, eject an old guy from his car and calmly say hi to the public, saying `you can tell the media that it's Al Qaeda in Yemen.""'

Police reportedly found Molotov cocktails and a jihadist flag in the car abandoned by the gunmen.

In a somber address to the nation Wednesday night, French President Francois Hollande pledged to hunt down the killers, and pleaded with his compatriots to come together in a time of insecurity and suspicion.

""Let us unite, and we will win,"" he said. ""Vive la France!""

RELATED: Muslim places of worship in France targeted with blank grenades, bullets

Thousands of people later jammed Republique Square near the site of the shooting to honor the victims, waving pens and papers reading ""Je suis Charlie"" -- ""I am Charlie."" Similar rallies were held in London's Trafalgar Square as well as Madrid, Barcelona, Berlin and Brussels.

Both Al Qaeda and the Islamic State group have repeatedly threatened to attack France, which is conducting airstrikes against extremists in Iraq and fighting Islamic militants in Africa. Charb was specifically threatened in a 2013 edition of the Al Qaeda magazine Inspire, which also included an article titled ""France the Imbecile Invader.""

Cherif Kouachi, now 32, was sentenced to 18 months in prison after being convicted of terrorism charges in 2008 for helping funnel fighters to Iraq's insurgency. He said he was outraged at the torture of Iraqi inmates at the U.S. prison at Abu Ghraib near Baghdad and ""really believed in the idea"" of fighting the U.S.-led coalition in Iraq.

A tweet from an Al Qaeda representative who communicated Wednesday with The Associated Press said the group was not claiming responsibility for the attack, but called it ""inspiring.""

Fox News' Catherine Herridge, Greg Palkot and The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
2967,Bergdahl's platoon mates: Head of Joint Chiefs knew he walked off base in 2009,"Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl walked away from his base in Afghanistan June 30, 2009, and by December of that same year, the president's principal military adviser, then-Chairman of the Joint Chiefs Admiral Mike Mullen, knew those details, according to three of Bergdahl's platoon mates who spoke to Fox News.

""I asked him (Mullen) if he knew about Bergdahl and that he deserted and he (Mullen) told me that he knew of the circumstances surrounding his walking off,"" former Sgt. Matt Vierkant told Fox,""(and) that they were developing leads and following leads, trying to do everything they could to get him back.""

After pulling security duty for the chairman, who was doing a swing through Afghanistan in December 2009, Vierkant, along with Evan Buetow and Cody Full, said they met informally with Mullen and about eight other soldiers. After a pep talk about the mission, the three said Mullen asked the squad leaders and platoon leadership to take a break.

""He sat down with all the lower enlisted guys and the team leaders and basically he said, 'Hey, what do you want to know...You got any questions? He's like, I'm an open book. Let's just have a little question and answer session,"" Buetow explained.

""So Matt asked him, you know Bergdahl deserted, what's going on with that? And Admiral Mullen said, 'Yes, we know all the circumstances surrounding Bergdahl walking away from the OP (outpost,)and we're still working on getting him back, figuring out where he is and kind of figuring out that whole situation.’""

This account was backed up by a third platoon mate, former Specialist Cody Full. The men were split on whether Mullen singled them out because of the Bergdahl connection or whether it was a chance meeting, but they emphasized that at the time, they appreciated the fact that Mullen seemed to speak candidly and openly.

“I don't remember him being taken aback by it at all, you know, he knew what was going on, he answered not confidently but he didn't have to think about it, he didn't want to give us some political answer,” Buetow explained. “He just gave us an answer.

Asked if there was any ambiguity based on the conversation, Vierkant said no. ""Without a doubt, he (Mullen) knew he (Bergdahl) deserted or, you know, was suspected of desertion. There was no doubt in my mind that he fully understood what Bergdahl did.""

The three said they felt relieved, and grateful to Mullen for the conversation.

The men's account is significant because Mullen reported directly to President Obama and then Secretary of Defense Robert Gates, and the reported admission comes a full four and a half years before National Security Adviser Susan Rice said Bergdahl served honorably and his parents were called to the White House for a Rose Garden ceremony after he had been swapped for five Taliban commanders.

""If Mullen knew, and now it's alleged that he did know, it would be, it would be unthinkable that he didn't pump this up the chain of command, his chain of command, or, tell the president directly,"" Brad Blakeman who served in the Bush White House, explained. ""At a minimum, this would have been included in the president's daily brief, and at a maximum, it would've been told directly to the President by Mullen.""

In a statement to Fox News, Mullen said, ""From the moment Sgt. Bergdahl went missing, the U.S. Military was focused on finding him--as it does with any serviceman or woman who goes missing. The exact circumstances were not known then, nor did they drive our decisions. We do not leave our people behind.""

Fox has extended an open invitation to the Admiral to explain his recollection of events during the 2009 trip, what he knew in December 2009 about the circumstances surrounding Bergdahl’s capture, and whether he told anything to the president and defense secretary, or if the circumstances were already well understood at senior levels of the White House.

A military official who was travelling with Mullen during the 2009 Afghanistan trip confirmed Bergdahl's teammates did pull security during a leg of the trip,

While not commenting on the claims that they met informally with Mullen, the official said it was common practice for Mullen to ask leadership to take a break so that he could speak directly and candidly with soldiers.

""I want to ask him (Mullen) did they brief the White House? Who knew about it and why would you still do this trade knowing all the information that you knew?"" Vierkant said. ""We don't leave anyone behind. The thing is, we never left him (Bergdahl) behind. He left us behind. He chose to walk off and do whatever and get captured, that was his fault. Those were his choices.""

Bergdahl has not been convicted of any charges, but faces a military court martial in the summer.

Catherine Herridge is an award-winning Chief Intelligence correspondent for FOX News Channel (FNC) based in Washington, D.C. She covers intelligence, the Justice Department and the Department of Homeland Security. Herridge joined FNC in 1996 as a London-based correspondent.",1
1373,"After political upheaval in Iowa, what next? (+video)","Donald Trump gets trumped in upset loss to Ted Cruz, while Bernie Sanders declares moral victory in fighting Hillary Clinton to the closest Democratic caucus result in Iowa history.

Tesla under Trump: How will electric cars fare under the next president?

That was the warning shot fired off by Iowa voters, both Republican and Democrat, in Monday’s caucuses – the kickoff to the 2016 presidential nomination process.

On the Republican side, Texas Sen. Ted Cruz won an upset victory over Donald Trump, with a state-of-the-art turnout operation that overcame the less-organized billionaire’s strength as a showman and lead in the polls. But together, their combined vote count – 52 percent – represented a win for outsiders who reject the status quo in Washington.

In the Democratic race, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton barely eked out a victory over Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, a self-described democratic socialist. And as the prohibitive favorite among party regulars at the start of the campaign, Mrs. Clinton was deeply wounded by her inability to fend off Senator Sanders, allowing the populist outsider to declare a “moral victory.”

“Given the conventional wisdom going in, and if turnout was as high as it now seems, @HillaryClinton may have done well to escape with a tie,” tweeted David Axelrod, former political adviser to President Obama.

The way Democratic caucuses are run here, raw vote totals aren’t reported, just the number of county convention delegates won. The state Democratic Party declared Clinton the winner early Tuesday morning by 4/10ths of a percent, the closest Iowa Democratic caucus outcome in history.

The results of both caucuses showed a restive population, angry about stagnant middle-class wages, fearful over national security, and frustrated by Washington’s inability to break through gridlock.

That anger and frustration have been captured most pungently by Mr. Trump, a true outsider running in his first political campaign and relying on his considerable skill as a reality TV star to attract media and voter attention. But Trump went long on showmanship, staging big flashy rallies around the country, and short on the technology, data, and “boots on the ground” needed to get voters to turn out in sufficient numbers to win.

Suddenly, the man who campaigned on being a “winner,” based on polls and crowds, is now a loser. Cruz won 27.7 percent to Trump’s 24.3 percent – not a blowout by any means, but a loss is a loss.

Iowa State Sen. Brad Zaun, who endorsed Trump, said the billionaire’s fame made it difficult for him to campaign as a conventional candidate. Cruz, for example, visited all of Iowa’s 99 counties, appearing in coffee shops and community centers.

“Trump visited the four corners of Iowa, but it wasn’t realistic to do all 99 counties, because there weren’t enough venues large enough to accommodate his crowds,” said Mr. Zaun, in an interview outside Trump’s post-caucus event.

In his speech to supporters Monday night, Trump won praise for his gracious remarks as he congratulated Cruz. But now the real estate magnate heads into the next contest, the New Hampshire primary on Feb. 9, needing a comeback victory to get his winning narrative back on track.

Trump leads in New Hampshire with an average of 33 percent of the vote, well ahead of the rest of the pack. But post-Iowa, it’s not clear how likely Republican primary voters will react to the bursting of the Trump bubble. Before Iowa, some analysts predicted a profound impact.

“If Cruz wins Iowa, for New Hampshire it will be like taking a deck of cards and throwing them in the air,” said New Hampshire pollster Dick Bennett, head of American Research Group, last week. “Trump’s whole campaign is predicated on being a winner.”

Another winner Monday in Iowa was Sen. Marco Rubio (R) of Florida, who beat expectations with a solid third-place showing of 23 percent – well ahead of his pre-caucus average in the polls of 17 percent.  The rest of the large GOP field scored in single digits.

But the playing field in New Hampshire will be considerably different. Cruz’s extensive outreach to evangelicals played well with Iowa Republicans, but in New Hampshire, the religiously minded are a much smaller audience.

It may make sense for Cruz to skip New Hampshire and focus on South Carolina and the Southern states of Super Tuesday (March 1), some analysts suggest. But Cruz, seeking to show that his Iowa success isn’t just proof that he’s a good niche candidate, like the last two winners of the Iowa caucuses, may opt to play hard in the Granite State. His pitch isn’t just to the faithful; it’s also as a rock-solid conservative known for his aversion to compromise.

If Cruz does fight hard in New Hampshire, he will face not only Trump’s big early lead, but also stiff competition from candidates who mostly gave Iowa a pass and have focused hard on a GOP electorate in New Hampshire that is more establishment-friendly. Ohio Gov. John Kasich, New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, and former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush are all lying in wait.

So is Rubio, who has played in both “lanes,” courting both tea-party-oriented Evangelicals and more mainstream Republicans. Rubio’s stronger-than-expected showing in Iowa should give him momentum heading into New Hampshire, with hopes that voters there give him a second (or first) look.

The dynamic on the Democratic side is completely different. The race is now a pure head-to-head matchup between Clinton and Sanders, following former Maryland Gov. Martin O’Malley’s decision to drop out after a poor showing Monday night.

The Clinton-Sanders smackdown represents a stark choice for Democratic voters. Clinton is the ultimate establishment figure: former first lady, former US senator, and former secretary of State. Both Clinton and Sanders have spent decades in politics, but Sanders’s record comes with a big difference. He’s never been a member of the Democratic Party, marching to his own drummer as a champion of the lower and middle classes, fighting income inequality, Wall Street, and big money in campaigns.

The conventional wisdom has long been that Sanders’s high point in the campaign would be Iowa and New Hampshire, two states with large white liberal populations, and that Clinton would nail down the Democratic nomination through her deep ties to minority communities. Her “firewall” would be in the South.

But after Sanders’s near-coup in Iowa, Sanders’s campaign manager, Jeff Weaver, sees a new dynamic.

“As happens always in the Democratic primary process, early success has an influence on later states,” Mr. Weaver said in an interview. “I think people are going to look at this tremendous victory tonight and see that credibility and viability of Senator Sanders as a presidential candidate. You’re going to see people in later states moving toward him.”

As for Clinton’s early lead in “superdelegates,” the Democratic officials who make up an important part of the overall delegate count, Weaver also predicts that many of the superdelegates now supporting Clinton will give Sanders another look.

“A lot of people jumped on the Senator Clinton bandwagon before this race had even started to develop,” he says.

Analysts still believe Sanders faces an uphill battle in his effort to deny Clinton the nomination, as Obama did eight years ago. But it’s now clear that Clinton, the early prohibitive favorite, will not waltz to her party’s nomination.

Both parties, it appears, are headed for a long, grind-it-out primary season.",1
3260,The GOP’s pathetic SCOTUS games: Why its Merrick Garland obstruction just got even more embarrassing,"A few weeks ago, Sen. Chuck Grassley was travelling around his home state of Iowa with his fingers jammed deep in his ears while yelling “LA LA LA LA LA I CAN’T HEAR YOU” to any constituents who wanted to voice a negative opinion about his role in refusing to hold confirmation hearings for Merrick Garland, President Obama’s nominee to replace the recently deceased Antonin Scalia on the Supreme Court. That’s some constituent service he’s running from his Iowa offices! Maybe he should save some money by closing the offices and just tattooing the words “Blow Me” on his forehead like an old white version of Bill O’Reilly’s worst nightmares.

Despite his efforts to wall himself off from criticism, Grassley did hear some negative reactions from his constituents during his town halls. Perhaps mindful of the fact that he’s up for re-election in November in what could be a tough year for Republicans, by the time he came back to Washington, the senator had changed his tune. Slightly.

Now Grassley said he was at least willing to meet with Garland to explain to him why it is simply impossible for the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee to hold hearings on a judicial nominee to the nation’s highest court. This sounded like the most condescending reason possible to hold a meeting, though I imagine condescension is par for the course when Chuck Grassley, an 82-year-old man who has been in the Senate for three and a half decades, agrees to meet with anyone to explain his actions on any issue. Mere mortals cannot be expected to comprehend the ancient rules and customs guiding the Senate on SCOTUS nominations. (Which the GOP just started making up.) They must be explained to people like Garland, just in case the judge has been in a deep coma since 2008 and only woke up the morning Obama nominated him.

So Tuesday morning, the senator and the Supreme Court nominee met for breakfast in the Senate Dining Room so that Grassley could explain in person what he and most of his caucus have been saying in the press since the minute Scalia’s body was found in that ranch guest room in Texas. By all accounts it was a pleasant meeting. The New York Times reported that Grassley ordered oatmeal while Garland had eggs and toast. The senator even posted a picture on Instagram of the two men apparently chatting calmly and not throwing silverware at each other. Amid all the pearl-clutching by the press and calls for a return to civility in Washington, here was proof that two high-profile members of the government on opposite sides of an issue could still sit down and have a frank discussion where a member of the legislative branch explained the concept of separation of powers to a member of the judicial branch.

Sarcasm aside, it’s hilarious to contemplate why Grassley bothered to go through the motions of meeting with Garland. Mitch McConnell and the rest of the GOP’s Senate leadership put the caucus out on a ledge by announcing from the very beginning that Obama shouldn’t even bother sending a nomination up to the Hill, since they intended to ignore it like an unpopular kid at recess. As with so much else that Republicans have done since this president came into office, they left themselves exactly zero room to maneuver or negotiate. Backing away from that position now puts them all in trouble with the crazed GOP base, which is already frothing at the mouth over rumors that the party is going to snatch the presidential nomination away from frontrunner Donald Trump at the convention in July. On the other hand, the GOP knows its Senate majority is in trouble this fall. Aside from the fact that this cycle just happens to have a bunch of vulnerable seats up for re-election in purplish and blue states, there is the possibility that the nomination of Trump – and to a lesser extent, Ted Cruz – will deeply harm down-ballot candidates everywhere, to the point where Democrats have a chance at the previously unthinkable, significantly cutting into the GOP’s 30-seat majority in the House of Representatives. Beyond that, there is polling and anecdotal evidence suggesting that this Supreme Court obstructionism has been a bridge too far for the general public. Add it all up, and senators up for re-election, like Grassley, might feel as if they are in a precarious position. Had the Republicans at least allowed Garland a hearing and then voted not to confirm him, instead of announcing their plans to not even grant that courtesy at the beginning like the villain in an action movie explaining his evil plan to the hero instead of just carrying the damn thing out, Grassley wouldn’t be in this spot. So his compromise is to give Garland the courtesy of a meeting, but only so he can condescend to the judge about why the only way he’ll see the inside of the Supreme Court building is if he sits in the gallery for oral arguments some time. That way he can tell his most fervent anti-Obama constituents that he is still standing up to the president while pretending for the benefit of less-crazy voters that he has discovered a reserve of reasonable comity buried somewhere in his blackened soul. Will it work? Well, Grassley’s poll numbers in Iowa, at least as of a month ago, hadn’t yet slipped badly. And Iowa is the state that just a couple of years ago sent this person to the Senate. So we will see. Personally, if I’m Garland, I’m not packing up my office at the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals just yet.",1
897,Poll: Trump Reaches 50 Percent Support Nationally for the First Time,"Donald Trump has reached 50 percent support from Republicans and Republican-leaners nationally for the first time since the beginning of the NBC News|SurveyMonkey Weekly Election Tracking Poll in late December. This milestone is significant as the 2016 primary heads into its final few weeks of contests, as there has been intense speculation that Trump's support has a ceiling. Though his support has hovered in the high 40s since mid-March, the front-runner had yet to secure half of Republican voters.

These results are according to the latest NBC News|SurveyMonkey Weekly Election Tracking poll conducted online from April 18 to April 24 of 10,707 adults aged 18 and over, including 9,405 registered voters.

Support for Trump among most demographic groups has remained consistent in this week's tracking poll compared to previous weeks. However, when just looking at Republicans, excluding independents who lean toward the Republican Party, he now enjoys 49 percent support compared to 43 percent last week. This 6-point gain is important, as Trump usually does well among independents, but has struggled to win over more traditional Republicans so far. Support for both John Kasich (15 percent) and Ted Cruz (28 percent) is down among Republicans compared to the past few weeks.

This traction among those who identify as belonging to the Republican Party will be significant as the Republican primary heads into closed primary races in Connecticut, Maryland, Pennsylvania and Delaware Tuesday. Rhode Island utilizes a hybrid primary in which only those who are registered as unaffiliated can vote in either party's primary.

Overall, this week's 6-point swing — Trump up 4 points, Cruz and Kasich down 2 points — is the biggest weekly shift in the poll so far. Combined with his significant win in New York, Trump's rise nationally could be an early sign of consolidation within the Republican Party.

The NBC News|SurveyMonkey Weekly Election Tracking poll was conducted online April 18 through April 24, 2016 among a national sample of 10,707 adults aged 18 and over, including 9,405 who say they are registered to vote. Respondents for this non-probability survey were selected from the nearly three million people who take surveys on the SurveyMonkey platform each day. Results have an error estimate of plus or minus 1.4 percentage points. For full results and methodology for this weekly tracking poll, please click here.",1
1355,Everything you need to know about the next Democratic debate,"Killing Obama administration rules, dismantling Obamacare and pushing through tax reform are on the early to-do list.",1
1148,Rivals pile on Trump in Republican candidates’ debate,"The calamity brought upon the Republican Party by Donald Trump was laid bare Thursday by its two most recent presidential nominees, who delivered unprecedented denunciations of the candidate that set the stage for a raucous evening debate.

Mitt Romney awoke from his political hibernation to deliver a sweeping, point-by-point indictment of Trump — of his policy proposals, his business dealings, his erratic judgments, his moral character, and his insults to women, Latinos and the disabled. The former GOP nominee, who sought and accepted Trump’s ­endorse­ment in 2012, implored Republicans to now reject the billionaire he labeled “a phony” and “a fraud.”

Trump’s three rivals took up similar attacks later Thursday night at a Fox News Channel debate in Detroit in which the ferocious sparring and name-calling revolved almost entirely around the front-runner.

What started with Trump asserting that he was well endowed in a rejoinder to Rubio’s campaign-trail joke about his manhood devolved into an ugly affair, with the candidates yelling over each other, at times unintelligibly, as they sought to discredit one another.

Taken as a whole, the day only served to harden the divisions tearing the GOP apart and raise dire doubts about whether its factions could unite in the general election.

It began at sunrise in Palm Beach, Fla., where Trump phoned into network television shows to mock Romney as a failed politician. Then, in Salt Lake City, Romney gave his speech asserting that Trump was a danger to the nation and to democracy itself; in Washington, Sen. John McCain (Ariz.) shared in the dismay; in Trenton, N.J., Gov. Chris Christie called a news conference to insist he was not a prisoner of Trump’s; and in Portland, Maine, Trump rallied fans by demeaning Romney with crude language.

The events culminated at nightfall in Detroit, where Sens. Marco Rubio of Florida and Ted Cruz of Texas and Ohio Gov. John Kasich faced Trump and tried desperately to score points against him.

The very first question was aimed at Trump, and for the next two hours the moderators and candidates quizzed, scrutinized and mocked the front-runner. He was on the defensive through much of the event, struggling to explain many of his policy ideas as well as defend his hiring of foreign workers and the manufacturing of Trump-branded clothing overseas.

“You’re making your clothes overseas, and you’re hiring your workers overseas,” Rubio said at one point, referring to the widespread use of foreign workers on visas at Trump’s Mar-a-Lago property in Palm Beach.

Trump acknowledged that he brings in foreign workers to do jobs on work visas at his club and, defending himself, said it is difficult to get American employees to work in service for the five-month period he called “the season.”

“We will bring them in and bring them out,” he said to boos.

Trump reversed himself on a key part of his immigration platform, calling for an increase in visas for highly skilled foreigners. “I’m changing,” he said. “We need highly skilled people in this country.”

Trump added, “With immigration — as with anything else — there always has to be some tug and pull and deal. . . . You have to be able to have some flexibility, some negotiation.”

The evening’s fireworks came when the candidates, exhausted after three months of breakneck campaigning, leveled caustic attacks at one another.

“This little guy has lied so much about my record,” Trump said of Rubio, whom he repeatedly called “Little Marco.”

One of the lowest points of the night came near the start, when Trump responded to a joke that Rubio had told days earlier about Trump having small hands. “You know what they say about men with small hands,” Rubio said, pausing to let the audience laugh. “You can’t trust ’em.”

“He hit my hands,” Trump said, showing his palms. “Nobody has ever hit my hands. Look at those hands. Are these small hands? And . . . if they’re small, something else must be small. I guarantee you there’s no problem.”

At times, the debate was so focused on the personal that Kasich thundered, “Let’s stop fighting!”

Cruz, too, sought to claim the moral high ground.

“I don’t think the people of America are interested in a bunch of bickering schoolchildren,” he said. “They are interested in solutions, not slogans. It’s easy to say ‘Make things better, make things great.’ You can even print it and put it on a baseball cap. But the question is, do you understand the principles that made America great in the first place?”

[The GOP’s implosion over Donald Trump’s candidacy has arrived]

Rubio and Cruz pounced on Trump regarding fraud cases filed against him and a real estate training company known as “Trump University.” Rubio said the university was “a scam.”

“They asked him for their money back, and you refused to give them their money back,” Rubio said, calling Trump a “con artist.”

Trump said the process needs to play out in court: “It’s called pending litigation.”

“The real con artist is Senator Marco Rubio,” Trump shot back, bringing up Rubio’s attendance record in the Senate. “He doesn’t go to vote. He’s absent. The people of Florida can’t stand him. He couldn’t get elected as dogcatcher.”

Cruz asserted that the GOP cannot afford a nominee “facing a fraud trial.”

“Let me just ask the voters at home,” Cruz said, “is this the debate you want playing out in the general election?”

The 11th Republican debate also marked a return engagement for Trump in his off-and-on feud with Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly, one of the co-moderators. She asked him about the possibility that he might change his immigration policies once he gets into office, citing an off-the-record meeting with the New York Times that was reported by BuzzFeed.

Rubio and Cruz tag-teamed Trump, insisting that he give the newspaper permission to release the interview. “He has a very simple solution,” Cruz said. “Simply release the tape.”

Cruz seized on the episode and others to prosecute his case that Trump has no ideological core and is flexible on a range of issues important to the conservative base.

Despite the harsh rhetoric, Cruz, Kasich and Rubio all said in response to a question that they would support Trump if he was the nominee, and Trump said he would do the same if one of his rivals won.

The hottest topic in Michigan — the tainted water scandal in Flint — was brought up in only one question, and it came more than halfway through the debate. Only Rubio was given the chance to respond, and when he did so he expressed outrage while also complaining that Democrats have politicized the issue “as if somehow Republicans woke up one morning and decided, ‘Oh, it’s a good idea to poison some kids with lead.’ It’s absurd, it’s outrageous.”

[Here’s who supports Donald Trump — and why]

Romney set the tone for the debate with his morning address at the University of Utah, where he methodically litigated the case against a Trump presidency.

“Donald Trump is a phony, a fraud,” Romney said. “He’s playing members of the American public for suckers.”

Romney, himself a onetime business titan worth hundreds of millions of dollars, sought to rub away at Trump’s golden sheen.

“His bankruptcies have crushed small businesses and the men and women who work for them,” Romney said. “Whatever happened to Trump Airlines? How about Trump University? And then there’s Trump Magazine and Trump Vodka and Trump Steaks and Trump Mortgage. A business genius he is not.”

Romney said the president helps define the values and principles of the United States for the world and sets an example for young Americans. He asked his audience of roughly 700 students and other guests to ponder Trump’s “personal qualities”: “the bullying, the greed, the showing off, the misogyny, the absurd third-grade theatrics.”

Trump fired back with a verbal tirade a couple of hours later at his Maine rally. He bemoaned Romney’s “nasty” critique and dismissed him as a “choke artist” who, in Trump’s assessment, botched an easy chance to turn President Obama out of office.

Trump recalled his endorsement on Romney in February of 2012, describing the candidate as yearning for Trump’s stamp of approval.

“He was begging for my endorsement,” Trump said. “I could’ve said, ‘Mitt, drop to your knees,’ and he would’ve dropped to his knees. He was begging. True. True. He was begging me.”

On the debate stage, Trump dismissed Romney in similar terms: “He failed miserably, and it was an embarrassment to the entire Republican Party.”

[The Fix: Romney did Trump a big favor by attacking him]

The clash comes at a crucial point in this unpredictable GOP primary season. Trump has won 10 of the first primaries and caucuses, including dominating this week’s Super Tuesday contests, and has a significant lead in the race for Republican convention delegates.

But in a divided field, Trump still has fewer than half the delegates awarded so far. That leaves his opponents with a viable, if risky and destructive, strategy. The only way to stop Trump from winning the nomination may be to stop anyone from winning it — dividing up the delegates so that no one has a majority.

Then, the theory goes, the party would head into a chaotic convention — the first true “floor fight” for any party in decades — and hope that a candidate other than Trump emerges.

This is just the scenario Romney encouraged when he recommended that Floridians cast ballots for Rubio, Ohioans cast ballots for Kasich, and everywhere else, voters back the candidate best positioned to deny Trump a victory in that state.

It was unclear whether Romney’s speech would move any voters away from Trump. It could have the effect of intensifying support for the rebellious outsider.

But within the Republican ­establishment, Romney’s speech drew immediate and enthusiastic praise. Within minutes, McCain issued a statement effectively joining forces with Romney.

“I want Republican voters to pay close attention to what our party’s most respected and knowledgeable leaders and national security experts are saying about Mr. Trump, and to think long and hard about who they want to be our next Commander-in-Chief and leader of the free world,” McCain said.

But not every member of the establishment was speaking out against Trump. Christie has been Trump’s most visible endorser of late, standing stone-faced behind Trump at his victory event Tuesday night in Palm Beach. It has sparked mocking memes on social media and laughs on late-night television.

Christie addressed that at his news conference in Trenton on Thursday.

“I want everyone to know for those who were concerned: I wasn’t being held hostage, I wasn’t upset. I wasn’t angry. I wasn’t despondent,” said Christie, who ended his candidacy last month after a disappointing finish in New Hampshire.

O’Keefe reported from Salt Lake City. Jose A. DelReal in Portland, Maine, Steve Friess in Detroit and David A. Fahrenthold in Washington contributed to this report.",1
4312,"The inane spectacle of the GOP debate: Cruz the showboating creep, Rubio the slick operator & Bush the desperate flop","What happened was less a debate among contenders and more a showdown between the candidates and the moderators. Everyone attacked the moderators when they heard a question they didn’t like, and then made a show of their rebelliousness – this was great for anti-media conservatives, but a distraction for everyone else. The moderators had their moments, but they were mostly awful. Frivolous questions about Rubio’s absenteeism or Trump’s “moral character” or fantasy football gave the candidates just enough fodder to avoid answering the hard questions whenever they were asked. The result of all this was two and a half hours of political gas.

It’s hard to say whether Trump did well or poorly. His shtick almost defies analysis. I expected him to come out swinging, but he didn’t do that, despite being surrounded by low-energy losers.

He had a few moments, though. He reminded everyone of his plans to build a “big, beautiful wall” on the Southern border, but making sure to note that he’ll add a door right in the middle, so Mexicans can walk in “legally.” When John Harwood cited a few inconvenient facts about his tax plan, he ignored them and boasted that right-wing economist and CNBC commentator Larry Kudlow likes it – that settled the dispute. At some point Trump was asked about guns. “I do carry occasionally,” he said. “Sometimes a lot. I like to be unpredictable, so people don’t know I’m carrying.” Also, he’d feel “safer” if his employees (all of them) carried guns at work.

Bottom line: Trump held his ground. He was vulnerable tonight, particularly after slipping in the national polls this week, but he avoided any direct attacks. As a frontrunner, that’s all he needed to do.

I’m tempted to say Carson failed tonight, but that’s not really true. Tonight was a win for Carson. He’s now a legitimate frontrunner, having overtaken Trump in the latest CBS/NYT poll. He’s also leading in Iowa by a wide margin. I assumed the other candidates would go after him, but they didn’t, with the exception of John Kasich’s brief jibe at Carson’s simplistic, tithing-inspired tax plan.

By and large, Carson’s rivals allowed him to continue his nice guy routine. He avoided specifics and he pivoted from question to platitude faster than anyone else on that stage. He uttered phrases like I “hate the concept of regulations, because they’re in everything,” but no one pointed out how stupid that is. I thought he’d have to defend his recent gaffes (i.e. equating women who have abortions to slaveholders) but they weren’t even mentioned. The most important thing for Carson: He escaped another debate without explaining any of his policies or admitting that he doesn’t understand half the questions – that’s a victory.

Jeb was the big loser tonight. He had the most at stake and he did nothing to help himself. His campaign is collapsing, his poll numbers are falling, and his donors are panicking. His only goal tonight was to plug the leak, to convince his financiers that he’s still a good investment. He failed to do that. In addition to fending off Trump, Jeb had to damage Rubio, who is quickly becoming the establishment guy. But he couldn’t do it, because he’s a terrible candidate and nothing he says or does works in this campaign. He almost succeeded at demonstrating his regular guyness when he referenced his fantasy football record (he’s 7-0), but even that felt unnatural and canned. More than anyone else, Jed needed a boost tonight. He needed to be seen as strong and presidential. None of that happened. He was low-energy, basically.

Tonight was an opportunity for Rubio. He’s rising in the polls and he needed to capitalize on his momentum. I thought he did that. There were no obviously bad moments for him. And he managed to avoid taking any direct hits, including from Jeb and the two frontrunners. Even his dumb answers were received well. When asked about his greatest weakness, he said he loves America too much. When asked why he never shows up for work at the Senate, he said it’s because America needs him. And the audience loved it. I suspect he’ll become the preferred establishment alternative to Bush, if he isn’t already. Rubio’s young, polished and reasonable-sounding enough to be competitive in a general election. He can’t beat Hillary, but he may be the best shot they have.

I thought Fiorina’s political star was fading before the debate. Nothing tonight changed my opinion. After rising to third in the polls after the first two debates, Fiorina has dipped well below Rubio and Bush. Her strategy so far has been to repeat lies over and over again until they become true. She did that again tonight, particularly on her record as CEO of Hewlett-Packard, which is disastrous. She said something about reforming the tax code by reducing it to three pages, so that farmers could understand it – still not sure if that’s a good thing. She almost had one of her contrived moments when she attacked Hillary Clinton’s feminist credentials. “It is the height of hypocrisy for Hillary Clinton to talk about being the first woman president,” she said, “When every single policy she espouses…has been bad for women.” She didn’t name a single one of those policies, though, and no one asked.

Bottom line: Fiorina said nothing tonight she hasn’t said before. Her window has closed. She’ll be out of the race in a few months. There’s not much to say about Rand Paul. He was a non-factor before the debate and he’ll be a non-factor after the debate. Paul’s only chance in this race was to excite the libertarian wing of the Republican Party. He hasn’t been able to do that, though I’m not sure why. He did reasonably well tonight, but no one will notice. Paul just doesn’t matter at this point. He was mostly an afterthought until the end of the debate, when he said something about liberty thriving when a government is so small that you can’t see it. I doubt that insight will resuscitate his campaign. But he’s got a big filibuster coming up, so that ought to keep him in the headlines for a little longer. Ted Cruz is impossible to ignore. He’s creepy and awkward and deeply annoying, but he just won’t go away. As expected, he did well tonight. At the beginning of the debate, he confessed that his greatest weakness is his love of the constitution (What else could it be?). He also said something about driving people (drunk people, I think) home at the end of the night, which wasn’t weird at all. All told, tonight was a win for Cruz. He pandered to his religious base and performed his rehearsed speeches with characteristic flair. He even took a few jabs at the media, which conservatives absolutely love. I doubt he gets a boost in the polls, but he definitely didn’t hurt himself tonight. So long as he’s got the evangelical and Tea party demographics cornered, Cruz has staying power. There isn’t much to say about Huckabee. If he wasn’t selling books or angling for a TV show, I imagine he would’ve dropped out of the race a long time ago. He said nothing new or interesting tonight. In fact, he barely spoke at all, and when he did it was brief and immediately forgettable. He was at the bottom of the polls before the debate, and that’s where he’ll be tomorrow. Kasich continues to be one of the more interesting candidates in the race. His strategy has been to remain the sensible, moderate guy, the one who can appeal to centrists and moderates in a general election. He’s been more aggressive lately, however. I expected him to be in attack mode tonight, because he needs to do something to break through, but he was fairly cautious. Tonight he tried to distinguish himself as the only candidate who’s pragmatic enough to get things done in Washington. But this has been his approach from the very beginning. It hasn’t worked so far and I doubt it will now. Christie did well tonight, but it wasn’t enough. His tough guy routine hasn’t been as effective with Trump on the stage, so his strategy was to attack the moderators rather than his fellow candidates. Basically, every Christie statement was a variation of the phrase: “We’re talking about X when we should be talking about Y!” That’s it. He also said we have to be honest with old people and just tell them the truth, which is that “the government lied to you and stole your money” and you’ll “never see it again.” I’m not sure what to make of that, so I’ll just leave it right there. Something tells me Christie will hang around for a while, but he’s got no chance to win this thing. VIDEO: We took a look back at how often candidates mentioned Clinton at the previous three Republican presidential debates. Can you guess how many times we counted?",1
3359,"Official: Withheld Clinton emails contain 'operational' intel, put lives at risk","EXCLUSIVE: Highly classified Hillary Clinton emails that the intelligence community and State Department recently deemed too damaging to national security to release contain “operational intelligence” – and their presence on the unsecure, personal email system jeopardized “sources, methods and lives,” a U.S. government official who has reviewed the documents told Fox News.

The official, who was not authorized to speak on the record and was limited in discussing the contents because of their highly classified nature, was referring to the 22 “TOP SECRET” emails that the State Department announced Friday it could not release in any form, even with entire sections redacted.

The announcement fueled criticism of Clinton’s handling of highly sensitive information while secretary of state, even as the Clinton campaign continued to downplay the matter as the product of an interagency dispute over classification. But the U.S. government official’s description provides confirmation that the emails contained closely held government secrets. “Operational intelligence” can be real-time information about intelligence collection, sources and the movement of assets.

The official emphasized that the “TOP SECRET” documents were sent over an extended period of time -- from shortly after the server's 2009 installation until early 2013 when Clinton stepped down as secretary of state.

Separately, Rep. Mike Pompeo, R-Kan., who sits on the House intelligence committee, said the former secretary of state, senator, and Yale-trained lawyer had to know what she was dealing with.

""There is no way that someone, a senior government official who has been handling classified information for a good chunk of their adult life, could not have known that this information ought to be classified, whether it was marked or not,” he said. ""Anyone with the capacity to read and an understanding of American national security, an 8th grade reading level or above, would understand that the release of this information or the potential breach of a non-secure system presented risk to American national security.""

Pompeo also suggested the military and intelligence communities have had to change operations, because the Clinton server could have been compromised by a third party.

“Anytime our national security team determines that there's a potential breach, that is information that might potentially have fallen into the hands of the Iranians, or the Russians, or the Chinese, or just hackers, that they begin to operate in a manner that assumes that information has in fact gotten out,” Pompeo said.

On ABC's “This Week” on Sunday, one day before the Iowa caucuses, Clinton claimed ignorance on the sensitivity of the materials and stressed that they weren’t marked.

""There is no classified marked information on those emails sent or received by me,"" she said, adding that “Republicans are going to continue to use it [to] beat up on me.”

Clinton was pressed in the same ABC interview on her signed 2009 non-disclosure agreement which acknowledged that markings are irrelevant, undercutting her central explanation. The agreement states ""classified information is marked or unmarked … including oral communications.""

Clinton pointed to her aides, saying: ""When you receive information, of course, there has to be some markings, some indication that someone down the chain had thought that this was classified and that was not the case.”

But according to national security legal experts, security clearance holders are required to speak up when classified information is not in secure channels.

""Everybody who has a security clearance has an individual obligation to protect the information,"" said national security attorney Edward MacMahon Jr., who represented former CIA officer Jeffrey Sterling in the high-profile leak investigation regarding a New York Times reporter. ""Just because somebody sends it to you … you can't just turn a blind eye and pretend it never happened and pretend it's unclassified information.""

These rules, known as the Code of Federal Regulations, apply to U.S. government employees with security clearances and state there is an obligation to report any possible breach by both the sender and the receiver of the information. The rules state: ""Any person who has knowledge that classified information has been or may have been lost, possibly compromised or disclosed to an unauthorized person shall immediately report the circumstances to an official designated for this purpose.""

The Clinton campaign is now calling for the 22 “TOP SECRET” emails to be released, but this is not entirely the State Department's call since the intelligence came from other agencies, which have final say on classification and handling.

""The State Department has no authority to release those emails and I do think that Secretary Clinton most assuredly knows that,"" Pompeo said.

Meanwhile, the release of other emails has revealed more about the high-level exchange of classified information on personal accounts. Among the latest batch of emails released by the State Department is an exchange between Clinton and then-Sen. John Kerry, now secretary of state. Sections are fully redacted, citing classified information – and both Kerry and Clinton were using unsecured, personal accounts.

Further, a 2009 email released to Judicial Watch after a federal lawsuit -- and first reported by Fox News -- suggests the State Department 's senior manager Patrick Kennedy was trying to make it easier for Clinton to check her personal email at work, writing to Clinton aide Cheryl Mills a ""stand-alone separate network PC is ... [one] great idea.""

""The emails show that the top administrator at the State Department, Patrick Kennedy, who is still there overseeing the response to all the inquiries about Hillary Clinton, was in on Hillary Clinton's separate email network and system from the get-go,""  Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton said.

Kennedy is expected to testify this month before the Republican-led Benghazi Select Committee.

Catherine Herridge is an award-winning Chief Intelligence correspondent for FOX News Channel (FNC) based in Washington, D.C. She covers intelligence, the Justice Department and the Department of Homeland Security. Herridge joined FNC in 1996 as a London-based correspondent.

Pamela K. Browne is Senior Executive Producer at the FOX News Channel (FNC) and is Director of Long-Form Series and Specials. Her journalism has been recognized with several awards. Browne first joined FOX in 1997 to launch the news magazine “Fox Files” and later, “War Stories.”",1
2559,White House facing rocky legal road on immigration,"During the campaign, Trump had threatened to impose a large tariff to keep the jobs in the United States.",1
5263,Why Michelle Obama has a prime spot at the Democratic National Convention,"Nine years ago, Michelle Obama was a reluctant political spouse. The Chicago hospital executive made little secret of her distaste for the process as she stepped onto the national stage, calling partisan politics a cynical business. Her raw authenticity, at times, hurt her husband’s campaign for the presidency.

Today, the first lady is a fully evolved political superstar, hugely beloved within the Democratic Party and a force within popular culture. Handed a prime-time speaking spot at the Democratic National Convention on Monday, she has been tapped to serve as a crucial validator for Hillary Clinton among groups who may remain skeptical of the party’s nominee.

“I’m glad that she was selected to speak on the first night, the opening night of an historic convention,” said Donna Brazile, the longtime Democratic strategist. “The country trusts her. People know she’s authentic and will be honest, and [they] want to know what she thinks.”

In nearly eight years as first lady, she has deliberately avoided partisan issues — but in her address she will fully endorse Clinton. According to an official familiar with her written speech, she plans to talk about the role a president plays in the lives of the nation’s children, shaping their values and aspirations. She will also discuss why she thinks Clinton has the “character, temperament and experience” to be president, and how Clinton’s career reflects ideals such as “opportunity, equality, inclusion.”

Personally, it’s a big step: Mrs. Obama hasn’t been particularly close to the Clintons in the years since her husband’s bruising 2008 primary campaign against Hillary Clinton. But now, the legacy of President Obama’s administration rides on her victory.

[What kind of ex-president will Barack Obama be? POTUS plans for the future.]

“She is there, in part, to be a coda and also to be a bridge,” said Andra Gillespie, a political scientist at Emory University who studies political mobilization. “She’s there to wrap up the Obama administration and provide a transition to what a Clinton presidency could be.”

Her opening-night slot reflects more than just her steady popularity: Organizers also appreciate her unerring knack for making headlines — and capturing the attention of people who don’t otherwise follow the news cycle closely. Come Tuesday, there will be stories about everything from how warmly she spoke about Clinton to which fashion designer’s clothing she wore.

Even while absent from the action, she ended up at the center of the news last week when Melania Trump’s speech at the Republican National Convention turned out to have borrowed from her 2008 DNC speech, and the Trump campaign was forced to acknowledge that Melania is an admirer of Michelle’s. (She stayed mum throughout Melania’s ordeal.)

[How Michelle Obama’s team wrote the speech that sparked the Melania Trump controversy]

It was an ironic flub for the Trumps — after all, the decision to have the first lady open the convention for Democrats is not without peril. For all her popularity among party faithful and young pop-culture obsessives (57 percent of Americans viewed her favorably in a January 2015 Fox News poll), she may not be the most effective figure for wooing swing voters or peeling off Trump-skeptical Republicans.

While her predecessor Laura Bush was viewed warmly by many Democrats even as their disdain for her husband grew, many Republicans see Michelle Obama more unfavorably. In a 2014 Pew survey, 46 percent of Republicans rated their views of her as “very unfavorable.”

Conservative pundits have portrayed her advocacy for healthy food and exercise as a scolding, big-government intrusion into private lives; other critics have turned up their noses at her easy fluency in youthful hip-hop culture. Wall Street Journal columnist Peggy Noonan described the first lady’s appearance at the 2013 Oscars as “disquieting” and questioned “this White House’s lack of hesitation to insert itself into any cultural event anywhere.”

As it happened, Michelle Obama’s most visible appearance last week was her instantly viral “Carpool Karaoke” segment with “The Late Late Show” host James Corden, in which she sang along to Beyoncé’s “Single Ladies” and rapped along to Missy Elliot’s 2001 hit “Get Ur Freak On,” accompanied by Elliot herself. Vanity Fair, upon seeing this, dubbed her the “Coolest First Lady.”

In her DNC remarks, though, she will attempt to connect her life story to broader political and policy themes. Her personal narrative of being reared in working-class Chicago shows up in nearly all of her speeches, and she probably will use it again to motivate the young people Democrats want to turn out to vote.

“The first lady takes a very active role in her speeches,” Tina Tchen, the first lady’s chief of staff, said in an interview earlier this summer. “She wants to communicate that ‘these are the circumstances under which I grew up, and I never dreamed I’d be in the White House, and now I am, and you can do that, too.’ That’s a theme woven through her speeches.”

Over nine years of telling and retelling her trajectory from the South Side to the Ivy League to motherhood and a legal career, her story has become more polished — thanks in part to the small cadre of White House speechwriters who have channeled her voice.

In 2007, she would try to connect with other women over their household duties, “doing a lot of juggling, a lot of balancing,” as she told a New Hampshire crowd: “For the most part, if a toilet overflows, we’re the one scrambling to change the meeting time to be there to meet the plumber. Can I get an ‘Amen,’ ladies?”

Stories like that have fallen away now that she is a globe-trotting first lady. She continues to describe her own family life as busy but affectionate. Yet it has been a long time since she sounded as if she was writing her own speeches.

Democrats have high expectations for what she will bring to this political moment, particularly after Clinton’s choice of mild-mannered Sen. Timothy M. Kaine of Virginia as her running mate, said Jamal Simmons, a Democratic strategist who served as DNC communications adviser during the Obama 2008 campaign.

Clinton is “going to need to create as much sex appeal around her candidacy as she can,” Simmons said. “People will be looking for some excitement.”

The big stage also provides an opportunity for Obama to foreshadow the role she hopes to play after January 2017. The first lady has spoken of the isolation she feels living in the Executive Mansion. While riding with Corden, she mentioned how rare it was for her to be riding in the front seat of a car, listening to music.

Clearly, she is ready to regain more control over her private life. But her speech may hint at her future as a public figure.",1
1603,"GOP governors are on the fast track to nowhere: Jindal, Christie & Kasich aren’t long for this world","There was a time when being a governor was considered excellent experience for the presidency. Particularly if you were in office while you ran for the nation’s top job. A governor had experience running an executive branch of government and dealing with the recalcitrant, egotistical idiots who populate state legislatures. Having spent chunks of their careers in a state far away from Washington, D.C. allowed governors to claim to be outsiders who could shake up the nation’s capital when they got there. Even George W. Bush got away with claiming outsider status when he ran in 2000, and his family has deeper roots in Washington than the trees in Rock Creek Park. (That argument has worked less well this year for his brother Jeb!, the former Florida governor whose heart doesn’t seem to be in the argument the few times he has tried to make it. But then, I don’t think Jeb!, in his current incarnation as the most unenthusiastic campaigner for elective office since Paul Warren ran for president of Winwood High, could sell heating oil in New Hampshire in winter.)

This cycle’s Republican primary currently has three sitting governors running for their party’s nomination, following the departure from the race of Scott Walker. How are they doing? As of now, the tri-headed juggernaut of John Kasich, Bobby Jindal and Chris Christie have collectively captured around six percent of the support of the primary voters and will only sniff the Oval Office if they buy a ticket to the next president’s inauguration. By all rights, they should be back in their state capitals soon. But how soon? Let’s look at the status of their campaigns and make some predictions!

John Kasich – Hey, he’s still pretty popular! A Quinnipiac poll in October found the Ohio governor’s approval rating at 62 percent, despite the fact that all his time stumping through early-voting states like New Hampshire and Iowa has left him with precious little time at home. Or maybe his approval ratings are that high because he’s been spending so much of his time away from Ohio. If he’s anything like the snarling, hectoring grouch at home that he was onstage during the last two debates, voters might genuinely prefer he stay away. Besides, like party-happy teenagers whose parents are out of town, last week they came close to laying in a huge supply of weed while Dad was away. Party in Youngstown!

Kasich will probably stay in the race at least until he finishes no higher than sixth in the South Carolina primary on February 27, by which point the hopelessness of staying in just to be the lone voice of reason in this insane field should have sunk in. Though I think he should stay in the race through the convention next summer, at which time he can go back home sporting a 100 percent approval rating from his constituents, making him more popular in Ohio than LeBron James or warm weather. Heck, voters might even change the state constitution so he can run for a third consecutive term.

Chris Christie – The presidential aspirations of New Jersey’s biggest flameout since the Hindenburg are not sitting well with his constituents. A poll released this week found that nearly two-thirds of New Jersey voters think Christie should give up on the presidency and come home to work on his state’s problems (the largest of which being that it is New Jersey). The same poll found his job disapproval rating at 59 percent, which I thought was surprisingly low. The poll also found that while only eight percent of his state’s Republicans back him for president, 53 percent think he should stay in the race. So New Jersey Republicans are either confused about what they want from the governor or they think the state runs better when he’s nowhere near it. The irony is that the national press has lately started pumping Christie’s chances for a comeback, even as his national polling numbers fell so low that he was relegated to the undercard debate this past Tuesday. I predict that his ego will not allow him to drop out of the race before the Florida primary on March 15, simply because he will convince himself that his performance during Sandy in 2012 will convince voters there that he truly understands the needs of a state that is always in danger of getting wiped out by a hurricane. But after that expensive loss, even New Jersey’s Republicans won’t be able to justify sending his campaign money to keep him the hell away from them. Bobby Jindal – Forget about meteoric rises. Louisiana’s governor is in a meteoric plummet. A recent poll from the University of New Orleans found that 55 percent of his constituents strongly disapprove of the job he’s doing. Add the 15 percent who checked the box without the modifier, and Jindal has a disapproval rating of an astonishing 70 percent. He might even be less popular in Louisiana than exercise. It’s hard to imagine a harder fall for a Louisiana governor who isn’t under indictment. Jindal was once touted as the Next Big Thing for national Republican politics. Just a couple of years ago he seemed like a straight shooter, giving speeches telling Republicans that they needed to stop being the “stupid party.” Then his ambitions got the better of him. Now he’s dragging his one percent national polling average through Iowa and spending his debate time trying to out-nasty every alligator in the bayou. I’d laud him for punching up, except there is no one lower to punch down on. My prediction? With his term as governor ending in 2016, Jindal will find a way to stay in the race until Roger Ailes offers him a paid contributor gig for Fox News. Which means he might still be running after the general election is over next November.",1
862,Will The Real Donald Trump Please Stand Up?,"Will The Real Donald Trump Please Stand Up?

Lately, it's been a political guessing game of which Donald Trump is going to show up.

In the past 24 hours alone, the whiplash between what rival-turned-uneven-surrogate Ben Carson called the ""two different Donald Trumps"" was on bold display.

From a serious foreign policy address in the morning, he returned just hours later to his regular slapstick mockery of his rivals. But as Trump moves even closer to securing his party's White House nomination, the unpredictable dichotomy is one that's sure to worry GOP leaders, anxious over which Trump will show up when it matters most in November.

On Wednesday evening, it was pure, unfiltered Trump who took the stage in Indiana. Hoosier legend, former Indiana University basketball coach Bobby Knight (whose own temper is controversial in itself), introduced him, endorsing the real estate mogul as ""the most prepared man in history to step in as president of the United States.""

""There has never been a more honest politician than Donald Trump,"" said Knight, who was fired from IU in 2000 after ""uncivil, defiant and unacceptable"" behavior that included allegedly choking a player.

""They say he isn't presidential. I don't know what the hell that means,"" Knight thundered to loud applause.

Trump's speech that followed was largely of the mold that many GOP leaders worry is decidedly unpresidential. The mocking of Ohio Gov. Kasich's eating habits was a staple. He again berated Ted Cruz, boasting that he has won evangelical voters this cycle while Cruz holds up the Bible, puts it down, ""and then he lies.""

And even though he had some kind words about the Fourth Estate after his Tuesday night landslide, Trump was back to calling the press corps following him ""the world's most dishonest people"" on Wednesday evening in Indiana. The crowd, as usual, ate it up and joined along in the jeers.

Just a week earlier, there seemed to be a shift in Trump land. Ever since the GOP presidential front-runner hired political strategist Paul Manafort to helm his maligned delegate operation, the longtime Republican hand has tried to telegraph the message that the controversial reality TV star would eventually ""evolve"" and tone down his temper and tenor on the campaign trail.

That promise seemed to have been fulfilled after Trump's landslide win in New York last week. In a more subdued victory speech at Trump Tower, he was cordial to his bitter rival Cruz, even referring to him as ""senator"" instead of the ""Lyin' Ted"" moniker he's bestowed on him.

But a week later, that collegiality was gone after Trump himself pushed back on the idea that any change was forthcoming. Campaigning in Rhode Island and Pennsylvania ahead of his sweep of five states Tuesday, Trump was back to insults and his usual freewheeling, unpredictable style. That's where he premiered his critique of his struggling rival Kasich's eating style on the campaign trail.

""He has the news conference all the time when he's eating. I've never seen a human being eat in such a disgusting fashion,"" Trump thundered.

After his big wins on Tuesday — which possibly put him on an irreversible path toward winning the GOP nomination — Trump was back to a more unplugged style.

Turning an eye toward the general election and likely rival Hillary Clinton, he went hard after the Democrat for ""playing the woman's card."" It was a new line of attacks that likely worry many party strategists as they seek to woo the important female voting bloc in November, among whom Trump has high unfavorables in general election polling.

""If Hillary Clinton were a man, I don't think she would get 5 percent of the vote,"" he jabbed at the end of his remarks. Calling in to news shows the next morning, he continued that line of criticism.

Later Wednesday afternoon, however, a more presidential sounding and looking Donald Trump showed up. Giving a major foreign policy speech in Washington, he was far more straight-laced, reading prepared remarks from a teleprompter.

Here's how NPR's Domenico Montanaro described it:

Just hours later though, he was back to his usual routine — for the most part. There was one subtle instance of restraint during his Indiana rally Wednesday night. He still took glee in mocking Cruz's decision to tap Carly Fiorina as his vice presidential pick even though the Texas senator is mathematically unable to get enough delegates on the first convention ballot.

But he refrained from any overt attacks on Fiorina herself, a departure from last fall, when he derided her appearance.

Overall, Trump perhaps summed up his philosophy best during his Trump Tower victory speech Tuesday night: ""If you have a football team, and you're winning, and then you get to the Super Bowl, you don't change your quarterback, right?""

Trump may take a knee more often on the campaign trail and give voters flashes of that more subdued version of himself. But Wednesday alone demonstrated he's going to continue to blitz in his own way, like it or not, for the foreseeable future.",1
5160,Seven Christian Leaders Who Are Not Supporting Donald Trump,"Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump appeared to have made inroads with evangelical voters after meeting with hundreds of conservative Christian leaders Tuesday, but not all Christians are in his corner.

Religion News Service came out with a list of seven conservative Christian leaders who are not supporting Trump.

Topping their list is Russell Moore, president of the Southern Baptist Convention's Ethics & Religious Liberty Commission. Moore referred to Trump's campaign as ""reality television moral sewage.""

The report also named Denny Burk, a professor of biblical studies at Boyce College. Burk blogged in March, ""I am not joking or being hyperbolic when I say that he is a Mussolini-in-waiting. He must never be allowed near the Oval Office. Ever.""

In a February blog, pastor and author Max Lucado wrote that Trump would not make it through the ""decency interview"" he requires for those who date his daughters.

""Can we not expect a tone that would set a good example for our children?"" he wrote. ""We stand against bullying in schools. Shouldn't we do the same in presidential politics?""

RNS also listed Thabiti Anyabwile, pastor of Anacostia River Church; conservative blogger Erick Erickson; Robbie George, McCormick professor of jurisprudence at Princeton University; and Alan Noble, editor of the website Christ and Pop Culture.",1
4185,"Despite Black Lives Matter, young black Americans aren’t voting in higher numbers","The generation of African Americans pushing criminal-

justice issues and institutional racism to the forefront of the presidential election had little effect at the ballot box during this primary season, according to an analysis of exit polling across 25 states.

African Americans account for a larger share of Democratic primary voters this year than they did in 2008, but that is because of older black voters, not higher ­participation by younger black people.

Across two dozen states where exit polls were conducted in 2008 and this year, black voters older than 45 grew from 12 percent of the electorate on average in 2008 to 16 percent this year. In those same states, black voters younger than 45 made up 11 percent of voters in 2008 vs. 10 percent this year.

President Obama, in his commencement address last weekend at Howard University, praised young black activists for bringing new energy to the ongoing movement for racial justice and equality, but he said: “You have to have a strategy. Not just awareness, but action. Not just hashtags, but votes.”

“It’s thanks in large part to the activism of young people like many of you, from ‘Black Twitter’ to Black Lives Matter, that America’s eyes have been opened — white, black, Democrat, Republican — to the real problems, for example, in our criminal-justice system,” Obama said. “But to bring about structural change, lasting change, awareness is not enough. It requires changes in law, changes in custom.”

He added: “Passion is vital, but you’ve got to have a strategy. And your plan better include voting, not just some of the time, but all the time.”

Obama’s comments echoed continuing concerns that some young black activists involved in the current wave of political action do not share the belief in the critical importance of the right to vote — one of the most important achievements of the civil rights movement of the 1950s and ’60s.

Democratic candidates and strategists have stressed the importance this year of all young voters, who heavily favored Obama in both of his election contests — and Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont in this year’s Democratic primaries. But younger Americans are the least likely to turn out in elections: The share of eligible voters ages 18 to 29 who cast ballots fell from a record high of 48 percent in 2008 to 41 percent in the 2012 presidential election, according to the U.S. Elections Project.

Fredrick Harris, a political science professor and director of the Institute for Research in African American Studies at Columbia University, said the success of the Black Lives Matter movement should not be measured only by voter turnout or candidate preference. It has succeeded at doing what no other black leaders have done, especially those who have lined up to endorse either Sanders or Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton.

The young activists have “placed criminal-justice reform on the political agenda. Both Sanders and Clinton have been falling over each other talking about the need for reform and the persistence of institutionalized racism,” Harris said. “That did not happen in 2008 and would not have happened in 2016 without BLM. A movement does not have to necessarily influence electoral outcomes in order to be successful. Look for criminal-justice reform in the party’s platform at this summer’s convention, which will prioritize the issue if a Democrat wins [the White House]. There were no serious criminal-justice-reform platform in 2008 or 2012. In essence, the movement has been influential in the Democratic selection process without even officially endorsing a candidate.”

Interviews with some activists inspired by the Black Lives Matter movement revealed a nuanced view of electoral politics. None advocated a total boycott of elections, and some have been actively involved in various local contests across the country.

At the same time, many were not enthusiastic about the value of voting, particularly in this year’s presidential election cycle. Some activists have staged protests at campaign events and received ample media coverage in the process. The sharpest criticism was aimed at Clinton, but most did not endorse Sanders, either.

These activists argued that neither candidate had adequately addressed the issues affecting black communities.

“Voting is definitely one way, and I wouldn’t insult my ancestors by telling people they shouldn’t vote, but there are other ways of reimagining and restructuring the world, and that lies in organizing our communities,” said Ashley Williams, a 23-year-old activist who attends the University of North Carolina at Charlotte.

Williams crashed a fundraiser for Clinton in Charlotte in February, where she stood up and asked the candidate whether she would “apologize to black people for mass incarceration.” Williams also said, “I’m not a ­super-predator, Hillary Clinton” — a reference to Clinton’s use years ago of a racially charged term meant to describe young offenders who are beyond rehabilitation. Williams was escorted from the event, but the next day, Clinton told a Washington Post columnist, “Looking back, I shouldn’t have used those words, and I wouldn’t use them today.”

Williams, who said she joined other protesters in disrupting a Trump rally in Raleigh in December, said she did not endorse Sanders, because “I’m not sure he should be the nominee, either.”

Lindsey Burgess, 22, a student at Spelman College in Atlanta who is supporting Sanders, is concerned that many young African Americans are already disenchanted with politics because of their view that two terms of an Obama presidency have done little to dismantle institutional racism. The rhetoric of the Black Lives Matter movement, she said, risks turning off these would-be voters even more.

“It’s very much ideology-driven, and it is anti-establishment,” Burgess said of the movement. “They want to eradicate this whole political system, the two-party system. But that’s not feasible right now. I do think that type of language has permeated the [presidential] campaign and stopped a lot of people from getting involved.”

Exit polls show African Americans overwhelmingly supported Clinton over Sanders in this year’s primaries and were crucial to fueling her large delegate lead. Clinton won an average of 79 percent support among black Democratic voters, compared with 21 percent for Sanders. Clinton won black voters under age 45 by 33 points across 12 states where exit polls broke down electoral choice by age — and won older voters by a larger 79 points.

Joyce Ladner, who was a member of one of the leading organizations of the civil rights era, the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee, said the cynicism toward voting on the part of some young activists is dangerous because “so much is at stake, if not for them, for the masses of black people.”

“What to substitute for not voting? They need to put forth an alternative political, social or economic structure that delivers some relief to black people,” Ladner said. “This is where the critical issue of accountability comes in. To whom are BLM folks accountable when they remove the vote from black people?”

And, she argued, “If voting isn’t important, why are white legislators gerrymandering districts and using other tactics to prevent blacks from voting?”

Activists in the Black Lives Matter movement don’t always sit on the sidelines. In Chicago, several groups rallied voters to unseat Cook County State’s Attorney Anita Alvarez, who they said helped cover up the shooting death in 2014 of Laquan McDonald, the black teenager who was walking away from police officers when one of them shot him 16 times.

Authorities did not charge the officer until a year later, prompting allegations of a coverup. Activists launched a campaign dubbed #ByeAnita, and Alvarez, who was seeking a third term, was soundly defeated in the March 15 primary.

Activists in Cleveland similarly organized and turned out voters to oust Cuyahoga County Prosecutor Timothy J. McGinty, who was criticized for his handling of the shooting death in 2014 of Tamir Rice, the 12-year-old who was playing with a toy gun when a police officer shot him to death.

Jessica Pierce, national chair of the Black Youth Project 100, said that Alvarez was directly targeted because she “will use her position of power to support violence against black people.”

The organization did not choose sides in the Democratic primary and has no plans to endorse in the general election, although they will encourage young black people to vote. More important, Pierce said, is educating and organizing black communities to hold elected officials accountable between elections. She said she doesn’t take issue with Obama’s challenge to young activists.

“For Black Youth Project 100, a core purpose of leading election work is not just the votes that we will turn out in this election but what those votes represent,” Pierce said. “The votes represent power — concrete power of black youth across the country. This is power that then builds into our direct action organizing campaigns and policy work that we have been leading locally and will continue to lead after Election Day.”",1
4835,First Presidential Debate of 2016 Over But Who Won?,"Watch the above reports by CBN's David Brody and Jenna Browder on what is at stake for the candidates.

- David Brody was live on Facebook before the debate

 - Jennifer Wishon will give LIVE debate analysis between 9-11 pm ET

 - Follow Jenna Browder on Twitter all night.

NEW YORK -- It's a presidential debate that can be summed up in one familiar word – huge!

Social media is swarming with talk of the debate. Clinton supporters are calling for meticulous fact-checking of Trump's comments during the debate, while Trump supporters hound Hillary for her perceived untrustworthiness. Despite abundant disagreement over who will  win the White House, everyone agrees this debate is unlike any other.



 Get the latest analysis and coverage

 from your trusted CBN News political team.

The first of three presidential debates began with a question on the economy and jobs. Both candidates answered the question with their ideas to boost the economy.

Donald Trump says his tax plan may benefit the wealthy but it is also ""a great thing for the middle class"" because companies would invest more in building their businesses.

   

 He says companies want to create jobs but they often move their money overseas because ""taxes are so onerous.""

Secretary Clinton directed voters to her website for her economic plan. She brought up the site when Trump was hammering her on taxes and regulations. ""He said he's 'going into cut taxes big league. You're going to raise taxes big league. End of story.'""

   

 Clinton retorted that she ""kind of assumed there would be a lot of these charges and claims.""

Mrs. Clinton accused Mr. Trump of not paying some of the people who have worked for him through the years. She said she is relieved her father, a small business man, never had to work for him. She said Trump ""stiffed"" thousands of small business owners and workers through the years.

Trump said tens of thousands of people have worked for him and liked it. He defended his businesses saying they have been successful. He said he'd only not pay someone if their work was unsatisfactory.

Trump stated at one point that Clinton didn't have the stamina to be president. She suggested he was referring to her gender and reminded viewers of some of his past comments about women.

She also accused Trump of being easily provoked. He defended himself saying, ""I have much better judgment than she does. I have much better temperament.""

Both candidates accused each other of starting rumors claiming President Barack Obama wasn't born in the United States.

They came to somewhat of an agreement on the subject of not making people on watch-lists and no-fly lists eligible for guns.

The gun debate also centered around on-going violence between police and minorities.

Trump said America needs law and order especially in inner cities. He told viewers that blacks and Hispanics are ""living in hell because it's so dangerous.""

Both agreed something needed to be

The debate could be one of the most watched and even be among some of the highest rated programs ever.

The 2015 Super Bowl clocks in at No. 1 with 115 million viewers. The 1983 series finale of ""Mash"" brought in 106 million.

One poll estimates Monday's event could rival those numbers, topping a hundred million. Regardless of the count, it will be ""must see TV.""

""Win. That's all I want to do is win,"" Trump said.

But for this ""outsider,"" winning won't be the result of traditional textbook strategy. Instead, he's expected to stick with what got him here: instinct and boldness.

Trump, however, will need to pass the plausibility test -- that is, whether voters see him as a president.

Many are evangelicals still trying to decide whether they will pull the lever for Trump or possibly sit this election out. But evangelical leader David Barton calls that the wrong approach.

""We have a very selfish view of what we do with voting, and I say that in the sense of that most Christians think that voting is a right. It's not. It's a duty,"" Barton said.

And Trump's been rallying the troops in the days leading up to this debate.

It's appropriate that this first, attention-grabbing debate will be in the New York area. Both candidates feel right at home in this familiar territory.

Trump Tower is located in Manhattan, Clinton's headquarters are 20 minutes away in Brooklyn, and the debate site at Hofstra University in Hempstead is only about an hour drive.

As he has proven, Trump enjoys mixing it up and getting feisty at debates. But he doesn't typically throw the first punch. Instead, he waits until he's attacked and analysts say he's one of the best counter punchers out there. So how will Clinton get ready to rumble?

""You have to be prepared for, like, wacky stuff that comes at you,"" she told Late night host Jimmy Kimmel. ""I am drawing on my experience from elementary school.""

While Clinton's opponent may be taking a less traditional approach to preparing for the debates, she is going by the book.

The Democratic nominee cut back campaigning last week. Sources say she's going through briefing books, rehearsing and studying clips of Trump from the Republican primary debates, taking notes of his style and what gets under his skin.

""I run across people, partisans and non-partisans alike; they'll say, 'why are y'all working so hard? I mean your girl's going to be the next president.' Which my comment is 'oh, contraire,'"" Strider said.

""We have a very tough race ahead of us and we have two candidates and we have two candidates' families that know how to win at the rodeo and it's going to be a tough race for both sides and they're going to go at it,"" Strider warned.

Clinton has participated in more debates than any presidential candidate in recent history. But it's hard to say how much that experience will help with an unconventional outsider like Trump.

Clinton is preparing to face some uncomfortable subjects -- from her email scandal to Bill Clinton's infidelity.

A campaign insider says her team hopes to come up with a memorable one-liner that will knock Trump off his game and stick in voters' minds.

Regarding Clinton, one of the big dangers to watch for is how she will react to Trump's attacks. She's been known to get agitated pretty quickly so keeping a calm, cool demeanor will be vitally important in this debate for the ages.",1
803,West Virginia primary takes backseat to Trump's battle with Republicans,"For much of the year, Washington has been upstaged by the drama of far-flung primary elections, but as West Virginia becomes the latest state to vote for presidential nominees on Tuesday, the nation’s gaze has swung back to the capital.



Such is the intrigue surrounding a crunch meeting between Donald Trump and House speaker Paul Ryan, slated for Capitol Hill this Thursday, that the absence of the usual electioneering on the trail this week has barely been missed.



Neither the two Democrats nor the sole Republican in the race have visited West Virginia since last Thursday, even though Trump still needs delegates to secure the nomination and Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders are still, in theory, fighting to be the Democratic candidate.

Instead, attention has shifted to whether Trump can win over skeptics before an expected showdown with Clinton in November’s general election. Ryan’s concern about party unity, and the meeting with Trump to discuss it, has even led to speculation that an independent candidate could yet emerge to offer an alternative for disaffected Republicans.

But such a hypothetical may be unrealistic, or an exercise in wishful thinking at this late stage in the primary – akin to the hopes of Sanders supporters, who cling to the belief that a victory in West Virginia will reinvigorate his campaign despite Clinton’s 300-delegate lead, and huge advantage in superdelegates.

For some leading lights in the #NeverTrump movement, it is never too late to hope. William Kristol, a prominent conservative commentator who is seeking to encourage plausible alternative candidates to come forward, remains hopeful that one might.



Last Thursday, he met with former Republican nominee Mitt Romney at a hotel in Washington to discuss options. Romney has said he is not interested in running again, but his involvement underlines the seriousness of the effort.

Kristol told the Guardian this week that he still believes there is a 50/50 chance someone of sufficient caliber could yet emerge to run against Trump and Clinton this cycle. He said that he and like-minded Republicans “should know in a month whether [there is] a serious national candidate”.



Aside from finding a plausible candidate, the biggest obstacle is making sure that voters are able to select them. Ballot access is far a from trivial issue for an independent or third-party candidate seeking to appear alongside Trump and Clinton in November.



One important hurdle has already in passed by, uncleared, in Texas, where potential candidates had to find 80,000 signatures by this Monday – a mountain made even higher by rules stating the signatories had to be those of voters who had not already taken part on the state’s primary in March



In North Carolina, another delegate-rich state where any serious candidate would want to be included in November, there is a similar deadline next month requiring 90,000 signatures.



Kristol believes such rules could be challenged in court if they appear to be obstructing the democratic will. “Once there’s a candidate, a legal challenge to Texas and North Carolina as unconstitutionally early deadlines (as in the successful cases in the 1980s) has a decent chance of winning,” he said.



But what tends to attract less attention is that a third-party candidate need not necessarily have to have a viable shot at winning the national election outright to play a crucial role in determining who gets to the White House.



Under the constitution, if no presidential candidate emerges from the election with a clear majority of 270 electoral college votes, then Congress gets to decide.



“If no candidate receives a majority of electoral votes, the House of Representatives elects the president from the three presidential candidates who received the most electoral votes,” according to the 12th amendment. 



“Each state delegation has one vote. The Senate would elect the vice-president from the two vice-presidential candidates with the most electoral votes,” it continues. “Each senator would cast one vote for vice president. If the House of Representatives fails to elect a president by inauguration day, the vice-president elect serves as acting president until the deadlock is resolved in the House.”



Another scenario, perhaps even more extreme, could see a major new candidate emerge who associated themselves with an existing third party campaign to circumvent the ballot rules.



Some on the left have speculated, for example, that should Sanders feel sufficiently betrayed by the Democratic party process, he could join with the Green party, which has been fighting to obtain ballot access for months for its likely nominee Jill Stein. Though Sanders insists this will never happen in his case – he has pledged to support the Democratic nominee if it is not him, and the Greens seem happy with Stein – could this hypothetical model work on the right instead?



Again, this looks unlikely, not least because the strongest equivalent force, the Libertarian party is far removed ideologically from establishment Republicans like Ryan and Romney. The Libertarians have said they expect to be on the ballot in all 50 states in November. 



But the biggest reason that some of the right have not given up on the idea of finding an alternative to Trump is the growing realisation of just how much his policies differ from those of Republicans in Washington.



If anything, Ryan’s warning last week to Trump understates the ideological gulf between them. On issues from free trade to social security, the two most powerful figures in the party occupy polar opposite positions.



“I am not ready to support Speaker Ryan’s agenda,” Trump said in defiance of Ryan’s criticism last week. “Perhaps in the future we can work together and come to an agreement about what is best for the American people. They have been treated so badly for so long that it is about time for politicians to put them first!”



Recent Trump comments on the possibility of renegotiating US national debt – a cataclysmic default scenario as far as many in the financial markets are concerned – only widen the divide and make it easier for other candidates, including Clinton, to seek funding from traditional donors in corporate America and on Wall Street.



Ryan’s offer on Monday to stand aside as chairman of the party convention in Cleveland, should Trump request it, may further increase the speaker’s tactical flexibility if, by some miracle, there was still to be a contested nomination within the party.

More realistically however, Ryan’s reluctance to immediately throw his support behind Trump is likely to have less to do with the 2016 presidential race and more to do with his concerns for the 2016 congressional elections and, perhaps, even the 2020 presidential race.



With a divisive figure at the top of the party ticket in November, many Republicans fear they could lose control of the Senate and even the House. By playing hard to get, Ryan makes it easier for those in tightly-contested districts to distance themselves from Trump. But he also holds out the prospect of the party regrouping around a less divisive figure next time if it loses the White House to Clinton.



It may lack the immediacy of the primary election cliffhanger, but this is the more likely longer-run drama beginning to play out in Washington.

",1
1491,Cruz Raises $20 Million In Fourth Quarter,"Ted Cruz raised nearly $20 million in the past three months, according to an internal memo obtained by NBC News - a significant haul for the Texas senator heading into the final month before the Iowa caucus.

""We're showing we have the strength going into the Iowa caucus,"" a campaign aide told NBC News tonight, adding: ""If people want to get behind a candidate who can go the distance, we're showing we've got that.""

It's Cruz's biggest fundraising total yet, surpassing the $12.2 million he brought in last quarter. And it brings the Texas senator's total figure for the year to $45 million.

In the previous three months, Ben Carson - then the rising candidate in polling - brought in a similar $20 million. And Marco Rubio brought in just $6 million.

Cruz is the first candidate to report his or her fundraising totals for this quarter, which technically ends on Thursday.

At the beginning of October, Cruz's campaign had the most cash on hand -- $13.8 million - but it has yet to publicly release what its coffers now hold.

The formidable fundraising by Cruz — who often highlights on the trail that his campaign is built to last — is also matched by hefty fundraising by several super PACs backing his candidacy. Through September, the super PACs had raised $38 million — and to date, the organizations have spent little of that money.

For Cruz, the extra cash gives the candidate expanded funds to potentially buy advertising in the upcoming early states. But through the summer and fall, the campaign resisted spending on traditional television and radio advertising, putting in less than $1 million total so far. It has yet to lay out its advertising plan instead saying it will buy television air time on a week to week basis.",1
816,Judith Miller: It’s what was left unsaid in Trump’s speech that matters most,"What was important about Donald Trump’s much anticipated foreign policy speech Wednesday is what he didn’t say. There was no mention by the self-declared Republican Party’s presumptive presidential nominee of his determination to build a wall between Mexico and the United States and get the Mexican government to pay for it.

There was only a passing reference to his frequent criticism of illegal immigrants, the theme that helped launch his presidential campaign last summer.

There was no mention of letting South Korea and Japan acquire nuclear weapons, or of walking away from the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, the organization which protected Europe from Soviet aggression which he said earlier had outlived its usefulness.

Though he called the Obama administration’s nuclear deal with Iran a “disaster,” he did not say that he would tear it up on day one or insist that it be renegotiated. He simply declared that Iran would not be permitted to get a nuclear weapon, which is precisely what President Obama said prior to signing his controversial agreement with Teheran.

Mr. Trump did not say he would defend Israel at all costs, though he called the Jewish state “our great friend and the one true democracy” in the Middle East.

He condemned the Obama administration’s abandonment of Middle Eastern Christians, but said nothing about how he would protect them from what he called the “genocide” being perpetrated by ISIS and other jihadi groups.

While he vowed to destroy the Islamic State “very, very quickly,” he gave no clue as to how he would defeat the group which now has billions of dollars in its coffers, tentacles in nine states, and tens of thousands of Arab and foreign fighters battling to build an Islamic caliphate in Syria and Iraq and spread the group’s perverse interpretation of Islam throughout the world. And he did not repeat his claim that President Bush “lied” about Saddam’s having WMD to invade Iraq.

The tone of the billionaire real estate developer’s remarks at Washington’s Mayflower Hotel was also a departure from his often stream-of consciousness diatribes masquerading as speeches.

Mr. Trump read the carefully crafted, but still emotional 40-minute speech on a TelePrompter, inserting some of his trademark verbal grace notes on an impromptu basis.

The speech, his first serious attempt to ally foreign and American concerns about his knowledge of foreign affairs – contained almost none of his earlier jaw-dropping prescriptions for restoring America’s economic and military greatness.

It is unclear whether the speech will reverse the perception abroad of Mr. Trump as a foreign policy amateur, a businessman too ignorant of world affairs and ill-disciplined to learn about them – “Berlusconi with nukes,” as one foreign pundit called him, a reference to Italy’s flamboyant, controversial ex-prime minister.

Mr. Trump mainly repeated his populist themes and his determination to pivot from what he called the “Obama-Clinton” foreign policy, which he said had alienated traditional allies and friends and led the nation’s foes to loose respect for the U.S.

While many Republicans and even some Democrats would agree with his stark critique of some the administration’s contradictory, sometimes too-little, too-late initiatives – a “complete and total disaster,” Mr. Trump called Mr. Obama’s foreign policy – he offered few concrete remedies for restoring the economic strength which he said underpins America’s ability to project power abroad. “I’m on the only one, believe me, I know them all,” he said of his rivals, “who knows how to fix it.” Or, in other words, trust me.

Again and again, he vowed to move toward an “America first” model in domestic and foreign policy, seemingly unaware that “America First” was the slogan of the isolationists who fought to prevent Roosevelt from aiding Britain and other allies threatened with Nazi and Japanese aggression prior to World War II.

His pledge to prevent American companies from moving abroad – how legally he would do that he did not say – and force America’s allies to pay more for their own defense by tougher negotiations with them suggested there remain similar gaps in his knowledge of American law and foreign affairs.  Studies have shown that it is cheaper to base the 28,000 American troops in South Korea there than it would be to keep them at home; and South Korea already pays half of those costs.

But critics of President Obama’s foreign policy are likely to dismiss Mr. Trump’s gaffes and contextual omissions as quibbles, and welcome his call for a more robust military, a tougher stance against Islamic radicalism at home and abroad, and an America-centric foreign policy. Republican ""realists"" will also welcome his call to deploy force ""when there is no alternative,"" a pledge which mirrors the isolationist mood of part of his party and the country.

One of the toughest sections of Mr. Trump’s speech was his withering critique of Hillary Clinton’s expertise and performance as Mr. Obama’s secretary of state.

Predictably, he criticized her record of having supported the war in Iraq and other military interventions abroad -- an implicit criticism of President George W. Bush as well. He also accused of her of having “misled” the nation about the attack on America’s consulate in Benghazi, where the U.S. ambassador and “three brave Americans” were killed. Instead of “taking charge” that night, he said, “Hillary Clinton decided to go home and sleep. Incredible,” he said. “She was not awake to take that call at 3 o’clock in the morning.”

That was not only vintage Trump, but a precursor of what lies ahead if Mr. Trump, indeed, wins the nomination.

Judith Miller, a Fox News contributor, is an award-winning writer and author, and an adjunct fellow at the Manhattan Institute. The author of several books, her latest is ""The Story: A Reporter's Journey"" (Simon & Schuster, April 7, 2015) now available in paperback. Follow her on Twitter @JMFreeSpeech.

",1
503,States look at hiking gas tax as fuel prices plunge,"With gas prices dipping to their lowest level in years, lawmakers in state capitals throughout the USA are increasingly open to the idea of raising fuel taxes to help rebuild crumbling roadways and bridges.

The movement at the state level comes as House Speaker John Boehner, R-Ohio, said last week that he's doubtful that there will be enough backing for a bi-partisan push to raise the federal gas tax, which has stood at 18.4 cents per gallon since 1993.

The Obama administration has also declined to endorse raising the federal gas tax to finance road funding, but says it will take a look at anything Congress comes up with.

State legislators and governors, however, aren't waiting for Washington.

Republican leaders who typically find talk of raising taxes a non-starter are making the issue a priority in 2015, even though polling consistently has shown broad opposition among Americans to fuel tax hikes.

""The states have shown that they are more likely to act on the gas tax than the federal government is,"" said Carl Davis, a senior policy analyst at the Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy, a research group in Washington. ""The states have to balance their budgets. If they see, their roads are in bad shape or their bridges are literally falling down—in some cases—they need to come up with a way to pay to improve that. And there's a limited number of things you can do at the state level.""

The increased chatter in state capitals about raising fuel taxes comes after eight states (Maryland, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Vermont, Virginia, and Wyoming) have done just that over the last two years.

South Dakota Gov. Dennis Daugaard noted in his State of State speech on Tuesday that when South Dakota last raised its fuel tax 16 years ago, the price of gasoline hovered around $1 per gallon, and about 22% of that went toward state fuel tax. The average price for regular unleaded gas in South Dakota is $1.99 per gallon, and the national average is $2.08.

Meanwhile, the price of road construction has ballooned. In 2003, the state could get buy about 7.8 miles of asphalt overlay for $1 million. In 2013, that same amount of money could pay for 4.5 miles of asphalt overlay.

""Our state highway system is the state's most valuable physical asset and if we want to maintain it, we must act now,"" said Daugaard, a Republican, who proposed raising the fuel tax by 2 cents per gallon in 2015 and an additional 2 cents each year going forward.

In Iowa, Republican Gov. Terry Branstad and Iowa lawmakers have tossed around raising the 22 cents per gallon fuel tax—which has remain unchanged since 1989—or potentially allowing voters in each county to vote for a 1% sales tax. The increased revenue would stay in the counties that levy such taxes to be used on road improvements.

""I think Iowans like the idea of having some say on this,"" Branstad told reporters last week.

Republican leaders in Utah's legislature have also signaled they will take a look at the state's gas tax, which hasn't been raised since 1998, as they try to grapple with a transportation funding shortfall there.

In Louisiana, the state's Transportation Funding Task Force has forwarded a number of ideas to lawmakers. Louisiana has a backlog of $12 billion in road repairs. Among the ideas are to replace the state gas tax with a sales tax on all fuels, direct more money in the construction budget to road work, and steer dollars to highways that would end up in the state's ""rainy day"" fund.

The intense debate on the gas tax in New Jersey could have ramifications for Gov. Chris Christie's potential 2016 White House bid. A Garden State trust fund that pays for road and bridge repair is on the verge of bankruptcy, and some lawmakers in Trenton are pushing for an increase in the state's gas tax to replenish it.

Going along with that idea is a tricky proposition for Christie, who could find himself trying to show his conservative bonafides with Republican donors and primary voters, many who see any increase in taxes as toxic.

The idea of raising the state gas tax is also unpopular with New Jersey motorists, who enjoy one the lowest gas taxes in the country. Fifty-six percent of residents said they oppose a raise in the state's gas tax, compared to 41% who support it, according to a Rutgers-Eagleton poll published in December.

One proposal that's been floated by Democratic Assemblyman John Wisniewski would increase the state gas tax by 25 cents per gallon, costing the average New Jersey motorist about $292 more per year.

Christie did not address the gas tax or transportation funding issues in his much-anticipated State of the State address on Tuesday.

In Georgia, lawmakers are taking a hard look at the state's 4% sales tax and the 7.5 cents per gallon excise tax as traffic congestion has become a bigger problem for the state.

A study committee recently found that the state needs to raise at least $1 billion more a year to repair bridges and roads in the Peach State.

Michigan is taking a different tact. The GOP-controlled legislature there approved a plan last month for a ballot initiative to boost the sales tax to help pay for road repairs.

Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder signed legislation on Monday to spend $1.3 billion a year more to fix roads and other transportation infrastructure, but it's contingent on Michigan voters increasing the state sales tax from 6% to 7% in the May 5 ballot initiative.

Meanwhile, in Tennessee, Republican Gov. Bill Haslam has warned that the state has to do something soon to deal with its crumbling infrastructure. The gas tax hasn't been raised there in nearly 26 years.

""At some point and time soon…I think there will be a bill about gas tax,"" Haslam recently told The Tennessean editorial board . ""It's incumbent upon us as the administration to show here's what we would do with that money if you increased the fuel tax, and then it's also I think important for all of us not to just increase it so that ... three years from now we're back in the same position.""",1
785,"For some Republicans, Trump presents moral dilemma","Donald Trump visits Capitol Hill Thursday. He will find some fellow Republicans who are struggling with the morality of supporting him.

How SNL's 'the bubble' sketch about polarization is all too true

Donald Trump is making the rounds on Capitol Hill Thursday, searching for unity with Republican leaders, including reluctant House Speaker Paul Ryan. But for some GOP lawmakers, backing the brash billionaire – or rather, not backing him – is more than a matter of agreeing on tax cuts or trade, immigration or national security.

“I will not support Mr. Trump,” Rep. Carlos Curbelo (R) of Florida has told the CBS affiliate in Miami. “That is not a political decision; that is a moral decision.”

It’s hard to know how many of his colleagues share this view. Congressman Curbelo, who caucuses with the pragmatic wing of the conference, says “a lot” of Republicans have such concerns, some expressing it publicly and others privately. On Tuesday, Washington Post columnist Michael Gerson, former speechwriter to President George W. Bush, articulated the moral dimension in a commentary:

“Those who support Trump, no matter how reluctantly, have crossed a moral boundary. They are standing with a leader who encourages prejudice and despises the weak. They are aiding the transformation of a party formed by Lincoln's blazing vision of equality into a party of white resentment. Those who find this one of the normal, everyday compromises of politics have truly lost their way.”

Those are stiff words, and interviews with several Republican lawmakers in advance of Trump’s visit found that some did not agree with them. Some say Hillary Clinton is also an immoral choice, and for that reason, they’re reluctantly backing Trump. Others feel uncomfortable making a moral judgment at all, or don’t see this as a moral choice.

But “personal and policy morality are always involved in the selection of our leaders,” says the Rev. James Weiss, a professor of ethics at Boston College. Personal morality affects public behavior, and public policy always has a moral dimension – whether lawmakers are dealing with abortion, criminal justice, welfare, medical care, or even trade and taxes, he adds.

“The question is never whether morality plays a role, it’s to what extent it does,” Reverend Weiss says.

Voters – and politicians – will differ on that judgment.

Rep. Tim Huelskamp (R) of Kansas also has moral issues with Trump. The Kansan, a member of the hard-right Freedom Caucus, questions Trump’s positions on “life, family, and marriage,” and so do a lot of other Republicans, he says. As a parent, he also worries about Trump’s language.

“I can’t get comfortable with a candidate if I’m worried about what he’ll say [on TV] in front of my 9-year-old that’s vulgar and crass.”

He says he’s still sticking with Sen. Ted Cruz, even though the Texas Republican dropped out of the race last week after Trump took must-win Indiana.

In a last-ditch effort to rescue his campaign in the Hoosier state, Mr. Cruz lashed into Trump, calling him a “serial philanderer,” among other things. Trump has been open, even bragging, about his sexual exploits. He told reporters back in December that his “ indiscretions” would be fair game for reporters, even as he’s made much of Bill Clinton’s womanizing.

But other Republicans see things differently. Rep. Trent Franks of Arizona, one of the most conservative members in the House, says he understands Curbelo’s perspective. Curbelo says he views both Trump and Mrs. Clinton as dishonest, and will vote for neither. He points out that there are typically 10 candidates for president on a Florida ballot.

But Congressman Franks argues that the choice is “binary.” And when the antiabortion lawmaker compares Trump with Clinton on moral principles, on respect for fellow human beings, on protecting the Constitution, and protecting the republic “to keep it intact for future generations” – on all those fronts “there is no contest. Clinton will bring destruction to us in all of those areas, whereas Mr. Trump might.”

Franks was one of Trump’s most vociferous opponents in the primary. As a conservative, he says, he “cannot trust him to do the right thing.” But he knows, he said Wednesday, “that I can deeply trust Hillary Clinton to do the wrong thing every time.” And so if it comes down to a vote between Trump and Clinton, he will choose Trump and urge others to do the same.

On the Senate side, another deep skeptic of Trump, moderate Republican Susan Collins of Maine, says she wouldn’t sit in judgment of the presumed nominee. She has repeatedly called on him to stop insulting people, to make amends with the Muslim community and others whom he has alienated. “But I’m not going to judge him as a human being.” Indeed, she has not foreclosed the possibility of eventually supporting him.

Sen. Orrin Hatch (R) of Utah, ducking into an elevator, explained that “I’m a great believer in redemption, and people being able to change their lives, and hopefully, he’ll fit that category.”

But that’s a naïve approach when it comes to selecting a political leader, Reverend Weiss suggests. “We don’t vote for people hoping they’ll change any more than we should marry them thinking they should change.”

Much more on target, Weiss says, is the view of Sen. James Lankford (R) of Oklahoma, who says that politicians reflect the values of the country.

Before Senator Lankford came to Congress, he was the director of student ministry at the Baptist Convention of Oklahoma and of the Falls Creek Youth Camp, the largest youth camp in the country.

“The moral dimension is obviously extremely important to me personally,” he said in a brief interview on Wednesday. But he said that people mistakenly “want to denote, and say that political leaders carry all the moral baggage and all the moral weight of the country.” It’s the opposite, he says. Leaders such as Clinton and Trump “are a barometer for where we are as a country and what we value.”

Washington can’t fix wayward values in the nation, he says, the nation fixes Washington.

For some Democrats, Trump is just a reflection of Republican values in recent years.

“Some Republicans – including members of their leadership – have said they cannot support the vile rhetoric and radical proposals of the Republican front-runner,” said House minority leader Nancy Pelosi (D) of California in a press conference Wednesday. “But year after year, Republicans have enthusiastically turned their intolerance and their discrimination into legislation ... whether it’s insulting President Obama, women, immigrants, Muslims, LGBT Americans, there’s not a dime’s worth of difference between what Donald Trump says and what the House Republicans have been saying all along.”

Like other Republicans, Lankford does a side-by-side with Clinton. If it comes to that choice, he says, he will side with Trump.

[Editor's note: Representative Huelskamp's stance toward Trump has been further clarified from the original version.]",1
2440,"Obamacare Enrollments Hit Nearly 12 Million, Top Health Official Says","More than half of these enrollees are new to the program, said Burwell, speaking at an event commemorating the close of the second open enrollment period for subsidized private health insurance plans under the Affordable Care Act's exchange marketplaces. The enrollment total surpasses the Department of Health and Human Services' projections, but is lower than what the Congressional Budget Office expected.

""Nearly 11.7 million Americans signed up or were re-enrolled through the marketplace as of Feb. 22,"" Burwell said. ""We are finally moving the needle on reducing the number of uninsured.""

""We're confident that we will prevail in the court case argued before the Supreme Court last week. The law is clear,"" Burwell said Monday. ""The text and structure of the Affordable Care Act demonstrate that individuals in every state are eligible for tax credits. Those who support this lawsuit believe that the law should be dismantled or repealed, and they are content to roll back the progress that we have achieved.""

Among the estimated 7.7 million enrollees from the federal health insurance exchanges, 87 percent received tax credits worth $263 a month on average, Burwell said. More than half the enrollees paid $100 or less a month, including their subsidies. ""These numbers show just how important the tax credits are to millions of Americans and to the insurance markets in those states and throughout the marketplace,"" she said.

Federal officials and most state-run exchanges have allowed individuals with applications in process to complete them for about a week following the deadline. In addition, the federally managed exchanges serving more than 30 states, and the majority of the exchanges operated by 13 states and the District of Columbia, re-opened enrollment for people who learn when they file their income taxes that they owe a fine under the Affordable Care Act's individual mandate that most U.S. residents have health coverage.

The numbers Burwell announced Monday are 300,000 higher than those reported by the White House last month. Although additional tax season sign-ups are likely to boost the tally, enrollment is expected to decline over the course of the year as consumers obtain health coverage through another source, like a job, or as they give up their policies and become uninsured.

""While we know that the numbers will change as the year continues, we are pleased with the results today,"" Burwell said.

The number of sign-ups Burwell announced Monday doesn't reflect how many of those enrollees have begun paying for their insurance policies, which is necessary to secure coverage. During the 2014 enrollment campaign, the number of enrollees surpassed 8 million, but fell below 7 million within six months.

During the year, people can use the exchanges to buy insurance if they experience a life change, such as having a baby or getting married. Open enrollment for 2016 coverage begins Nov. 1, 2015, and runs through Jan. 31, 2016.

The health insurance exchange figures announced Monday don't include new sign-ups for Medicaid or the Children's Health Insurance Program. Nearly 11 million people have joined those programs since Obamacare enrollment began in October 2013, largely driven by the law's broadening of Medicaid eligibility. To date, 28 states and the District of Columbia have opted into the Medicaid expansion.",1
2721,Megyn Kelly is an evil genius: How the Fox News host won America’s trust (by being slightly less horrible),"The famously liberal Behar was back on “The View” for the day. The topic was Kelly’s much-hyped interview with Jim Bob and Michelle Duggar about the molestation scandal that has engulfed them and their son Josh. (The interview airs Wednesday night.) Behar found herself agreeing with Republican panelist Nicolle Wallace, who said that Kelly has “proven herself to put journalism ahead of any sort of politics.”

It’s the kind of plaudit Kelly has probably become accustomed to. She has had a meteoric rise at Fox News in recent years, vaulting from reporter to daytime anchor to primetime star in less than a decade and attracting so much ratings and media attention that other network notables are openly envious of her.

But Kelly is more than just the newest popular kid on the block. She’s also perhaps the greatest example of the sneaky, complicated brilliance of the Fox News machine.

It’s easy to think of Fox News as a crude propaganda machine, and most of the time it lives down to that reputation. But the network also remembers to offer up just enough little twists and nuances to temper that caricature. Like it or not, it’s filled with formidable, highly watchable broadcasters. Whether it’s Shep Smith railing against drones and praising gay marriage, Chris Wallace making Marco Rubio uncomfortable over Iraq, or any of Kelly’s famous throw-downs, Fox News always adds some spice to the mix to keep things interesting.

Say what you will about the man, but Roger Ailes definitely knows that you can’t only employ braindead hacks if you want people to stay tuned in. And Kelly is emphatically not a braindead hack. She is a ruthlessly compelling presence onscreen, and she uses that to her advantage. In the process, she has managed to get something very few of her colleagues can claim: love from the Joy Behars of the world.

“I’m becoming very uncomfortable with the feelings I’m developing towards Megyn Kelly and I’m praying that someday soon she’ll jump ship and go somewhere where she’s allowed to to use actual facts,” Jezebel’s Kara Brown wrote back in January, after Kelly deftly skewered a blustering Bill O’Reilly. It’s a common feeling among the left-leaning crowd — the idea that Kelly is somehow better than the place that made her name.

Kelly has earned that admiration through a series of extremely fun episodes in which she made mincemeat out of (usually male) right-wing pundits. There was her torching of the odious blobs known as Erick Erickson and Lou Dobbs over some particularly odious comments they’d made about women. There was her efficient filleting of radio host Mike Gallagher after he’d criticized her for going on maternity leave. And, most memorably, there was her tour-de-force humbling of Karl Rove at the 2012 election, when she marched through the Fox News hallways in an effort to silence his baseless assertion that Mitt Romney might have won Ohio, and then asked him, “Is this just math that you do as a Republican to make yourself feel better, or is this real?”

The liberal set cheered after each of these moments, and they helped Kelly reach the dominant position she has now found herself in. Crucially, they have also helped obscure the fact that, far from being some objective oasis in a conservative desert, her show is usually just as right-wing and authoritarian as anything else on Fox News. Take just the past week, for instance. Kelly did an hour-long special on policing. The title? “America’s Finest Under Fire.” Here’s how she described the protest movements that have emerged following the killings of Michael Brown, Freddie Gray, Walter Scott, Eric Garner and so many more: “Many times they rush to judgment, ignore the results of investigations or dismiss the verdict in order to feed what has become a narrative about out-of-control cops with racist intentions.” Not exactly a dispassionate introduction. Kelly then brought on Mark Fuhrman — most famous for lying about his use of the n-word — to back her up. Of course, these things float by because they’re neither crude enough nor unexpected enough to excite the blogosphere. Kelly knows how to keep tight control of her material. She’s only let herself get in real trouble once, and that was about Santa Claus. It’s hard to imagine that Kelly won’t handle the Duggar interview just as skillfully. In a preview of the sitdown on Monday, she played every side of the story beautifully. She told guest Howard Kurtz—who has really come into his own as a right-wing blatherer—that anyone looking for a “cross-examination” of the Duggars would be disappointed, and excoriated both the media’s handling of the story and the police for leaking details of Josh Duggar’s juvenile records. But she also stressed that nothing would be “off limits,” and that she wasn’t excusing anything the Duggars had done. Anyone looking for exactly what she would do was left with one overriding message: tune in and find out. Another job well done, Megyn!",1
3092,How Congress is giving new life (and scope) to 'brinkmanship',"'Brinkmanship,' a staple in the cold-war lexicon, is back in vogue on Capitol Hill. It's now used to describe not just a political game of chicken, but also as a synonym for overall governmental conflict-induced dysfunction.

Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell (R) of Kentucky speaks to reporters on budget negotiations to avert a government shutdown on Dec. 9, 2014. With McConnell are Sens. Roy Blount (R) of Missouri (l.) and John Thune (R) of South Dakota (r.). The final deal funded all but the Department of Homeland Security, whose funding runs out on Feb. 27, with the prospect of another shutdown looming.

Brinkmanship. The now-standard term for any high-stakes game of political chicken, particularly over spending matters.

“Brinkmanship” once was used in the national security realm during the cold war, to describe moving to the very edge of war in order to force a conciliatory move. Democrat Adlai Stevenson, who ran for president in 1952 and 1956, blasted Republican Secretary of State John Foster Dulles for “boasting of his brinkmanship – the art of bringing us to the edge of the abyss.” As University of California-Berkeley linguist Geoffrey Nunberg has observed, it has endured far longer than “mutual assured destruction” and other words from that era.

“The crises of the Cold War kept taking the world to the brink of the same terrifying catastrophe,” Nunberg said in a New York Times language column. “Now there seem to be lots of littler brinks and local abysses.”

At the moment, it’s being used to connote the dispute between congressional Republicans and the White House over a spending bill for the Homeland Security Department that Republicans are trying to use to halt President Obama’s efforts to protect millions of undocumented immigrants from deportation. The department’s funding is set to run out next Friday, but Senate Democrats have refused to allow the House-passed version of the bill to come up, raising the prospect of a partial government shutdown.

“The situation is frustrating some senior GOP lawmakers,” Politico reported, “because it’s consuming valuable legislative time and because the new GOP-controlled Congress was hoping to put brinkmanship and deadline-driven crises behind it.”

The squabble has grown so divisive – with the courts as well as Congress involved, and House Republicans attacking Senate Republicans -- that liberal Washington Post blogger Greg Sargent concluded last week that “the brinksmanship could only get crazier from here on out.”

It may seem like it was an eternity now, but when Obama embarked on his second term just over two years ago, he spoke hopefully of fiscal-related dealings that would include “a little bit less drama, a little bit less brinkmanship, [and] not scare the heck out of folks quite so much.” That, of course, turned out to be wishful thinking, given the government shutdown that occurred eight months later.

Perhaps as a result, “brinkmanship” also is becoming something of a synonym for overall governmental conflict-induced dysfunction. Rep. Janice Hahn (D) of California used it in that context this week when she announced that she would run for the Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors in 2016: “With so much brinkmanship in Washington, I am confident that I can get more done for our region back here at home, serving in local government.”

By the way, the word used is both “brinkmanship” and “brinksmanship.” The version without the “s” is far more common, but both are considered acceptable.

Chuck McCutcheon and David Mark write their ""Speaking Politics"" blog exclusively for Decoder Voices.",1
2793,Obama Secures Enough Support For Iran Deal In Congress,"Obama Secures Enough Support For Iran Deal In Congress

Maryland Sen. Barbara Mikulski announced Wednesday that she will support the Iran nuclear agreement, giving the White House the final vote needed to protect the accord from a Republican-led effort to defeat the measure.

With her endorsement, Mikulski became the crucial 34th vote needed to sustain President Obama's expected veto should Congress pass a measure to block the agreement.

""No deal is perfect, especially one negotiated with the Iranian regime. I have concluded that this [agreement] is the best option available to block Iran from having a nuclear bomb. For these reasons, I will vote in favor of this deal. However, Congress must also reaffirm our commitment to the safety and security of Israel.""

Congress is set to vote on a resolution of disapproval when it returns from the summer recess later this month.

Mikulski's support comes a day after two other Democratic holdouts, Sens. Chris Coons of Delaware and Bob Casey of Pennsylvania, announced they were backing the measure.

Only two Senate Democrats have announced they will not support the deal: New York's Chuck Schumer and New Jersey's Bob Menendez.

No Senate Republicans have expressed support for the Iran deal.",1
2686,"The press, feeling the Bern, suddenly weighs whether Sanders could derail Hillary","One of the goals of President Obama’s State of the Union last night was to emphasize liberal issues, such as gun control, that could ease Hillary Clinton’s path to the White House.

But first she’s got to win the Democratic nomination, and for the first time in this contest, the mainstream media are considering the possibility that this isn’t a slam dunk.

The media’s conventional wisdom has long been that Hillary might stumble in an early state or two, but she was still a virtual lock to be the nominee. But suddenly the punditry, fueled by recent polls, is starting to shift, with news organizations now at least considering the possibility that this is a real race.

The Bernie phenomenon, overshadowed by the Trump phenomenon, hasn’t really gotten its full due in the media. And Bernie agrees, having recently ripped the corporate media for giving his campaign a tiny fraction of the attention that The Donald gets.

He has a point. Although Sanders has been on the cover of Time, the press has largely underplayed the fact that he’s drawing huge crowds, raised $73 million last year and is exciting the liberal grass roots. And the reason is simple: Virtually no one in the punditry universe believes that Sanders can win the nomination.

But now come a spate of eye-catching polls. A new Monmouth survey has Sanders leading Clinton by 14 points in New Hampshire, on the heels of a Fox poll giving him a 13-point lead.

Well, the prognosticators have long expected that Sanders, from neighboring Vermont, would probably take New Hampshire. But now comes a Quinnipiac poll showing Sanders with a 5-point edge in Iowa.

Now it’s true that Clinton has a much bigger advantage as the contest moves to bigger states, where Sanders would not get many minority votes and her union backing would definitely help. But if the heavily favored Hillary Clinton goes 0 for 2 in the first two contests, would that create a media explosion and seriously wound her candidacy?

The Washington Post’s Chris Cillizza says that “would be a total nightmare for Clinton. Period. It’s also a lot more likely to go from fantasy to reality than most people — including most establishment Democrats — understand.”

That’s why Hillary has stopped treated Bernie as a nuisance and has sharpened her attacks. In an Iowa appearance, she said there is a “big difference on guns” between her and Sanders: “If you say stand up to special interests, then stand up to the gun lobby.”

And it’s hard to believe that Clinton’s proposal yesterday to slap a 4 percent income tax surcharge on those earning more than $5 million a year wasn’t influenced by Sanders’ soak-the-rich campaign.

Sanders, who has avoided attacking Clinton personally, has been pushing back, accusing her of running a “panicky” campaign.

Most journalists concluded that Sanders wasn’t serious after the first Democratic debate, when he took a key issue off the table by saying he was “sick” of hearing about her damn emails. The media have pretty much treated him like Larry David ever since.

Clinton is still the overwhelming favorite. But for the first time in many months, the press is questioning whether she might be derailed—and someone else drawn into the race. I’m sure it was just a coincidence that Joe Biden just said that Bernie, not Hillary, has long been fighting against income inequality.

Howard Kurtz is a Fox News analyst and the host of ""MediaBuzz"" (Sundays 11 a.m. and 5 p.m. ET). He is the author of five books and is based in Washington. Follow him at @HowardKurtz. Click here for more information on Howard Kurtz.",1
3538,Obama: Paris terror rampage a ‘setback’,"Three days after teams of Islamic State terrorists brazenly carried out raids across Paris that left 129 people dead, President Obama labeled the slaughter a ""setback"" in responding to questions about his policies.

""There will be setbacks and there will be successes. The terrible events in Paris were obviously a terrible and sickening setback,"" Obama said Monday.

The president spoke at a contentious and lengthy press conference on the sidelines of the G20 summit in Turkey, as he faces tough criticism from Capitol Hill -- for saying the morning before the attack that ISIS had been ""contained"" in Iraq and Syria, and for sustaining a military strategy that critics deem insufficient.

But Obama on Monday stuck by the U.S. strategy for fighting the terror group while defending his earlier remarks.

The president said the ultimate goal is to ""degrade and ultimately destroy this barbaric terrorist organization."" But he insisted that the reason he said they're contained, hours before terror teams launched deadly raids across Paris, is because ""they control less territory than they did last year.""

Obama stressed that going after ISIS in Iraq and Syria will help reduce the threat from foreign fighters, while acknowledging it ""will not be enough to defeat ISIL in Syria and Iraq alone.""

Obama also defended the current strategy -- which involves airstrikes and a limited number of military advisers on the ground.

""There will be an intensification of the strategy that we've put forward,"" he said. ""But the strategy that we are putting forward is the strategy that ultimately is going to work.""

He said, ""It will take time."" And he insisted that the U.S. has not ""underestimated"" the ISIS threat.

""ISIL leaders will have no safe haven anywhere,"" Obama vowed.

He spoke as lawmakers in Washington stepped up their criticism of Obama's approach.

""This is war. This is massive savagery on the part of ISIS,"" Rep. Peter King, R-N.Y., told Fox News on Monday. ""We have to show much more of an intensity.""

Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., told MSNBC ""frankly I'm not overwhelmed with 20 airstrikes by the French,"" while Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-S.C., said ""if we just drop a few bombs on these guys and that's it, they'll be stronger than ever.""

World leaders vowed earlier Monday in Turkey to boost intelligence-sharing, cut off terrorist funding and strengthen border security in Europe, as they sought to show resolve and unity following the deadly terror attacks in Paris.

""We agreed that the challenge can't just be tackled with military mean, but only a multitude of measures,"" German Chancellor Angela Merkel said.

British Prime Minister David Cameron also announced plans to host a donor conference early next year to raise ""significant new funding"" to tackle the flood of refugees spilling out of Syria.

The leaders of the Group of 20 rich and developing nations were wrapping up their two-day summit in Turkey against the backdrop of heavy French bombardment of the Islamic State's stronghold in Syria. The U.S. was expanding its intelligence sharing with the French and helping them identify targets, according to American officials.

Numerous meetings about next steps in Syria and the Islamic State campaign were being held on the sidelines of the summit in the Turkish seaside resort of Antalya.

Meanwhile, Republicans' 2012 presidential nominee, Mitt Romney, published an op-ed in The Washington Post saying ""now is the time, not merely to contain the Islamic State, but to eradicate it once and for all.""

""We must wage the war to defeat the enemy, not merely to harass it. For over a year, the president has clung to the hope that an air campaign is sufficient. It demonstrably is not,"" he said, saying the administration must be willing to devote ""whatever resources are required to win - even boots on the ground.""

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
4205,"Hey, Berniacs: I Learned to Love Hillary and So Can You","An Obama 2008 veteran, who’s been on a campaign that was in a position similar to Clinton’s and that had to reconcile with Clinton, offers his thoughts.

In late May of 2008, there was a bit of a misunderstanding that briefly blew the tent off the circus that was the Democratic primary. The context was an interview where Hillary Clinton responded to criticism from unnamed Obama advisers (hi, guys) who accused her of dragging on a contest that had become virtually unwinnable: “My husband did not wrap up the nomination in 1992 until he won the California primary somewhere in the middle of June, right? And we all remember Bobby Kennedy was assassinated in June in California.”

Now, it’s clear with the benefit of eight years’ hindsight that Hillary was merely pointing out that plenty of other primaries had lasted until June. I find it hard to believe that “Hillary cites RFK assassination in explaining why she’s still in race” was the headline that the Clinton brain trust was hoping for that day. I don’t think it was on the message calendar.

Try telling that to 2008 Me. I was outraged. My colleagues were outraged. In fact, we reveled in our outrage, which is what both campaigns did best back then (for laughs, we still send around timeless YouTube classics such as “Your Slumlord Rezko,” “Change You Can Xerox,” “Talking Like She’s Annie Oakley,” and my favorite, “He Just Said Cocaine!”)

At that moment, however, a cooler head (Barack Obama’s) prevailed. Our statement referred to Clinton’s comments as “unfortunate,” she apologized, and we all moved on. Why? Because both campaigns understood that it was time to stop ripping each other apart and turn to the greater, shared goal of denying Republicans a third term in the White House.

Eight years later, we’re approaching the endgame of another Democratic primary. For Bernie Sanders to overtake Hillary Clinton’s lead in pledged delegates—which, at 239, is more than double Obama’s 112-delegate lead in 2008—he would have to win each of the remaining contests by about 18 points, a margin he has only reached in Vermont and New Hampshire. If he doesn’t, his only other option is to convince a few hundred superdelegates to back the candidate who has won fewer votes and fewer delegates.

Bernie faces long odds, but no good reason to drop out. And why should he? Why not keep running through the final primaries in June, just like Hillary did in 2008? Along the way, Sanders will probably win a few more states—especially in May—and continue to build a following that should hearten everyone who wants to see a bigger, bolder progressive movement.

But it’s also in the interest of the progressive moment for both candidates and their campaigns to begin healing the rifts that have deepened over the course of the primary. Neither Sanders nor Clinton seemed very compelling when they were screaming at each other for two hours at the debate in Brooklyn. And no one benefits from another three months of ridiculous lawsuits, overwrought fundraising emails, and surrogates sniping at each other on cable. Already, this friendly fire has taken a toll—in the latest NBC/WSJ poll, Bernie is viewed unfavorably by 20 percent of Clinton supporters, and Hillary is viewed unfavorably by 40 percent of Sanders supporters.

I don’t want to exaggerate the challenge. I still think this primary is less nasty and divisive than 2008, and exponentially less so than the cannibalism we may see in Cleveland. It’s also true that the percentage of Sanders and Clinton voters who say they won’t vote for the other candidate is fairly low. But a year in which Donald Trump or Ted Cruz could become president of the United States is not a year we can afford to have any pissed-off primary voters stay home in November.

I’ve been on a campaign that was in a position similar to Hillary Clinton’s, and I’ve been on a campaign that had to reconcile with Hillary Clinton. So, for what it’s worth (and I realize the answer may be a resounding “not much, go to hell”), here’s my advice to both sides:

You’re on the verge of winning. Do so gracefully. The burden of bringing the party together falls more heavily on its future leader. Hillary’s line in her New York primary night speech, “I believe that there is much more that unites us than divides us,” was a good start. I’d go further, though.

It’s not enough to just thank Sen. Sanders and his supporters. Show that you hear them; that you’ve learned from them; that they’ve made you a better candidate, and will make you a better president. Recognize what Bernie has achieved by speaking passionately about issues of economic inequality, and the gross amount of political money that gives a louder voice to richer people. Celebrate the fact that he’s inspired so many people to pay attention to politics for the first time—especially young people, who you should work even harder to reach. Consider offering Sanders a prime-time speaking slot at the convention, and choosing an unapologetic progressive as vice president.



Finally, don’t attack. And if Sanders surrogates or supporters attack, turn the other cheek. Be the bigger campaign. Don’t allow yourselves to get baited. Don’t drop snarky background quotes with reporters. Don’t allow every perceived slight and controversy to get to you (like I did in 2008). Don’t engage with the Bernie Bros (like I did last weekend). Persuade the persuadables, turn your fire on the Republicans, and focus on Hillary’s vision for the future. You’re almost there.

I know, I know—I’m supporting Hillary Clinton. But there was also a time when I couldn’t imagine myself liking or voting for her. Maybe you don’t believe that she’s different from the caricature we’ve all helped perpetuate. But she is running a campaign with a policy platform that’s more progressive than her husband’s administration, her 2008 campaign, and—in a few cases—Barack Obama’s administration.

I don’t think Bernie should stop pointing out where he and Hillary disagree, or pull back on his criticism of the way money influences politics, but I do think he should start repeating a line that he’s already said once before: “On her worst day, Hillary Clinton is a hundred times better than any of the Republicans.”

It’s important for Bernie’s supporters to know that he believes this undeniable truth. It’s important for them to hear Sanders say that while he’ll keep fighting for a more progressive Democratic Party, the Democratic Party has been a vehicle for tremendous progress in this country—especially over the last eight years. Denying or minimizing the achievements of the Obama presidency only deepens the cynicism of those who worry that change isn’t possible.",1
3307,New Senate is just like the old Senate,"Washington (CNN) Governing is much tougher than it looks, even for a master of the Senate like Mitch McConnell.

Claiming the majority he had long craved in the mid-term elections, the wily GOP leader promised to turn the polarized, gridlocked Senate back into a chamber in which both sides get a say and pass meaningful legislation.

McConnell's vow was not just altruistic. With a tough slate of Senate races looming in 2016 and Republicans desperate to take back the White House, he has a strong incentive to show the GOP can govern.

But two months into the Republican majority, the new Senate looks an awful lot like the old Senate.

The chamber can't even come together to pass a bill tackling the scourge of sex trafficking -- which has wide bipartisan support -- because it has become derailed in a partisan fight over abortion. The result is that President Barack Obama's nominee for attorney general, Loretta Lynch, is being held up. If things were not bad enough, Lynch's confirmation process has degenerated into an ugly row over race.

""If we cannot approve a bill to deal with human trafficking, then what will we be able to deal with?"" Maine Republican Sen. Susan Collins said this week. ""We have to get past the tendency to score partisan political points that has affected too many bills on both sides of the aisle.""

The new Senate is not yet breaking its bad productivity streak.

The only high profile legislation sent to Obama's desk was a bill authorizing the Keystone XL Pipeline, which the president swiftly vetoed.

The Republican establishment in the House and Senate has spent much of its time having to quell a bid by grassroots conservatives to defund the Department of Homeland Security as a way to punish what they see as Obama's ""executive amnesty"" in reshaping immigration laws.

The GOP-led Senate and House are also at odds over exactly what to include in the biggest piece of looming business the party majorities will face -- a budget bill.

This is all welcome news for Obama, who was dealt a humiliating defeat in November's mid-terms but is not facing much pressure from Congress at all. He's using the political vacuum as a respite from the misery lame-duck presidents usually expect in their twilight years.

The raging Republican civil war, meanwhile, is making McConnell's task in managing his restive conference almost as difficult as the one John Boehner has slogged through in recent years.

And Boehner, unlike McConnell, does not have to deal with at least three Republicans -- Ted Cruz, Marco Rubio and Lindsey Graham -- who are flirting with running for president, and who may have personal, rather than party motivations at stake.

""The election changed majority control -- it didn't change the sharp differences between the two parties,"" said Steven Smith, a specialist in Congress at Washington University, St. Louis. ""It didn't change McConnell's relationship with his own colleagues.""

Still, McConnell's defenders say that he has managed to make at least peripheral changes to Senate life. He has allowed more amendments to legislation than was typically allowed under the former Democratic majority rule of Harry Reid, letting lawmakers feel their voices are heard.

In the DHS battle, McConnell honored his vow not to allow a government shutdown, though that promise will be tested in government funding and debt ceiling fights later this year.

And even in the best of times, nothing moves in the Senate at anything other than glacial pace. So McConnell's quest to restore ""regular order"" might be the political equivalent of turning around an oil tanker.

Prospects look reasonable that by using a budget device known as ""reconciliation,"" which can bypass the Senate filibuster, the GOP will be able to move some legislation through Congress and evade Democratic obstruction.

But many Republicans believe that Democrats, by suddenly objecting to the abortion provision after it sailed through committee, are simply looking for a way to jam up the Senate in the belief Republicans will get the blame for the futility. Their current strategy is, in effect, a 2016 strategy.

With the chamber's filibuster rules, which require a 60 vote majority on most significant legislation, the current Republican high water mark of 54 seats is not sufficient to dictate terms to the opposition party.

Already, with an apparent eye on 2016, senior Democrats are making the case that Republicans simply can't get things done.

""Republicans have came in saying they would know how to govern, and what a mess they've made of it,"" said veteran Democratic Sen Chuck Schumer of New York. ""They didn't have a good time or good luck on the pipeline bill, where they got bollocksed up on climate change. They've held us for four weeks on funding Homeland Security. And now even a simple trafficking bill they can't get done.""

He added: ""Hello, our Republican friends, you're in the majority. They still think they're in the minority and they're putting their own poison pills in their own bill.""

The shenanigans have some veteran observers of the Senate already beginning to downgrade expectations for the next few years.

""What's clear is that the quick cement is rapidly drying on how the new Senate is going to operate,"" said Ron Bonjean, a former top Republican strategist in the Senate and the House.

Bonjean predicted a return to the grueling ""trench warfare"" which has made the Senate one of the most trying places to be in Washington.

""Democrats don't want to move anything. They are finding reasons not to join Republicans in moving legislation because that will help the majority succeed politically,"" said Bonjean.

The row over the trafficking bill is a bad omen for those who want to see a return to comity in the Senate. An attempt at a compromise failed on Thursday so the controversy will rumble on at least until next week.

And the clash has become much more than a dispute over an obscure bill. It's a test case of how the Senate will be run for the next two years, being waved by two veteran experts of gridlock and procedure, McConnell and Reid who have seen their relationship deteriorate badly in recent years.

McConnell is refusing to bring up Lynch's nomination, which has the support of a number of Republicans as well as Democrats, until the trafficking bill passes.

But in the end, some conservatives believe, the Democrats will have little option to climb down, because the White House badly wants Lynch to get confirmed to succeed Eric Holder.

But by then, it may be too late to stop ill feelings over the nomination from poisoning whatever goodwill is left in the Senate, setting a bad precedent for the rest of the year.

For example, Sen. John McCain on Thursday furiously condemned another Senate veteran, Dick Durbin, a Democrat from Illinois, after he accused Republicans of treating Lynch, who is African American, like civil rights icon Rosa Parks by moving her ""to the back of the bus.""

McConnell doesn't just have problems with Democrats though. He increasingly is struggling to keep his own caucus in line, especially among lawmakers who have ridden the Tea Party wave and are challenging the Republican establishment in the Senate.

In one eye-opening example, Republican freshman Sen. Tom Cotton bypassed Senate leadership by getting together a letter signed by 46 other GOP senators to warn Iran directly that Congress could torpedo a nuclear deal between world powers, including Washington, and the Islamic Republic.

Grass roots conservatives are also furious that Boehner and McConnell combined to derail a bid by conservatives to withhold funding for the DHS in protest at Obama's unilateral effort to save millions of undocumented immigrants from deportation.

""They organized a surrender. it was the surrender brigade,"" said Ken Cuccinelli, President of the Senate Conservatives Fund, a political action committee devoted to sending candidates supported by the grassroots to the Senate. McConnell ""misled Kentucky voters. He said he was going to stand up to Obama's liberal agenda. He said he was going to use the power of the purse. he said he was going to repeal Obamacare root and branch.""

Cuccinelli, the former Attorney General of Virginia, predicted that the action of the Senate Republican establishment would not be accepted by Republican activists and could fuel primary campaigns against sitting senators up for re-election, including McCain, Ohio Sen. Rob Portman, and North Carolina Sen. Richard Burr.

So under simultaneous attack from the right and the left, and with the president ready with his veto, McConnell is going to have to negotiate an increasingly narrow path before he can send his troops into the field in the 2016 election and argue that, unlike Democrats, the GOP actually got something done.",1
1953,"Jeb Bush previews 2016 run, promising ‘adult conversations’ on big issues","Jeb Bush previewed the ideas at the heart of his likely presidential campaign, delivering a sweeping address here Friday about the economy, foreign affairs and energy exploration, and challenging the country to question “every aspect of how government works.”

In his first major speech since stepping into the 2016 presidential sweepstakes in December, the Republican former Florida governor spoke confidently and in significant detail about the broad range of issues beginning to shape the campaign for the White House. Bush signaled he would offer the country the “adult conversations” he said are lacking in Washington and would focus on people who have been left out of the economic revival.

“Sixty percent of Americans believe that we’re still in a recession,” Bush said. “They’re not dumb. It’s because they are in a recession. They’re frustrated, and they see a small portion of the population on the economy’s up escalator. Portfolios are strong, but paychecks are weak. Millions of Americans want to move forward in their lives — they want to rise — but they’re losing hope.”

Bush was sharply critical of Washington — not only of President Obama but also of the Republican-controlled Congress — saying there were too many “academic and political hacks” with “hard-core ideology” who are running the country without making progress.

“They’re basically Maytag repairmen,” he said. “Nothing gets done.” Bush added, “It is time to challenge every aspect of how government works — how it taxes, how it regulates, how it spends — to open up economic opportunity for all.”

Bush delivered Friday’s keynote address to the National Automobile Dealers Association’s annual convention in San Francisco, one of his final paid speaking appearances before he turns his attention fully to the 2016 campaign.

Bush — who has been on an ambitious, national tour to raise money for Right to Rise PAC, his leadership political action committee — was careful to say he was only “seriously considering the possibility of running.” He told the crowd of 4,000 auto dealers and industry executives, “Your checkbook, by the way, is very safe here.”

But Bush used the opportunity to signal the kind of campaign he intends to run. His message contrasted starkly with the rhetoric expected from some other hopefuls who are gathering in Iowa this weekend for a political festival hosted by Rep. Steve King (R-Iowa), an anti-immigration reform firebrand.

Bush drew loud and sustained applause when he called for immigration reform that would provide a path to legalized status for undocumented immigrants living in the United States.

“We have a history of allowing people to come in legally to embrace our values and pursue their dreams in a way that creates prosperity for all of us,” Bush said. “No country can do this like America. Our national identity is not based on race or some kind of exclusionary belief. Historically, the unwritten contract has been, come legally to our country, embrace our values, learn English, work and you can be as American as anyone else.”

In an subtle swipe at other GOP leaders and potential rivals who rally the conservative base with hot tirades about Obama’s overreach, Bush said the Republican Party will win back the White House only if it offers an optimistic message. “Hope and a positive agenda wins out over anger and reaction every day of the week,” he said.

Bush’s called for simplification of the tax code, including lowering rates and “eliminating as many loopholes as possible.” He also called for more energy exploration. Approving construction of the Keystone XL pipeline was “a no-brainer,” he said, as is support for horizontal drilling and hydraulic fracking.

“It’s not cool here in San Francisco to talk about this,” he joked. But, “It’s cool in places like North Dakota and West Texas and South Texas. It’s cool because it creates significant economic activity.”

In his appearance here, Bush did not shy away from his place in a dynastic political family. The bio video that played before he spoke was heavy on references to his father, former president George H.W. Bush, and brother, former president George W. Bush. Jeb Bush cited both in his remarks, saying his dad was a model for leadership, especially on foreign policy, and noting that his brother had become a rather fine painter. “Who would’ve thunk it?” he said.

Bush is not alone among likely 2016 presidential candidates on the paid speaking circuit. Democrat Hillary Rodham Clinton has been delivering speeches and making other appearances for pay since stepping down as secretary of state in 2013.

Clinton was a keynote speaker at last year’s auto dealers convention, in New Orleans, where she disclosed that she had not driven a car in nearly 20 years. “The last time I actually drove a car myself was 1996,” she said. Jokingly, she added: “I remember it very well. Unfortunately, so does the Secret Service, which is why I haven’t driven since then.”

Bush made an indirect reference to Clinton’s remark. During the question-and-answer session, when the association’s chairman asked Bush his favorite kind of car, Bush said he just bought a Ford Fusion. “For the record, I do drive,” he said, adding that he plans to return to the dealership for a two-hour tutorial on the Fusion’s technology.

Bush was asked about his Thursday meeting in Utah with Mitt Romney, the 2012 GOP presidential nominee who also is exploring a 2016 run. The two men, each a favorite of the party establishment, are on a collision course, but Bush said they mostly avoided talk about the campaign.

“We talked about the Patriots,” Bush said. “We talked a little bit about politics, not as much as you might imagine. We talked about the future of the country. We talked about the need for a more engaged foreign policy.. . .The awkward side of this, about running and such, we put aside.”

Answering questions on stage, Bush opened a window on his personal life. He said he loves Sundays — “It’s Sunday fun day” — because he doesn’t work. “I play golf really fast so I can have breakfast really fast so I can go to Mass slower — can’t ask the priest to accelerate that. I probably would if I could.”

He called himself “an introvert,” saying he would “rather read a book than go out and get in a conga line.”

“Introverts actually are grinders,” Bush said. “They identify a problem by and large, and then they overcome it. But I learned that in order to make your case or in order to serve or in order to advance a cause, you have to connect with people, and you can’t connect with people if you’re back in the corner reading a book.”",1
4827,Why Democrats are anxious,"(CNN) Donald Trump's reversal on the ""birther"" controversy is turning attention -- at least for the moment -- from a major shift in the presidential race.

The battle for the White House -- dominated by Hillary Clinton only weeks ago -- is tightening dramatically, a nerve-wracking turn for Democrats that sets up what could be a nail-biter election in 52 days.

A cascade of new polls this week suggest close contests in key states such as Virginia -- the home of Clinton's running mate -- and Michigan, where Democrats have won every cycle since 1992.

Nationally in CNN's poll of polls , Clinton stands at 43% to Trump's 41%. In the must-win states of Florida and Ohio, Trump and Clinton are deadlocked in this week's CNN/ORC poll, as well as several other surveys.

In Iowa -- a state President Barack Obama won twice -- Trump leapt to an 8-point lead among likely voters over Clinton in a Monmouth University poll released Thursday (his largest lead yet in a battleground state). And in Virginia, Clinton and Trump were virtually tied at 40% to 37%.

Of course, the 2016 campaign has plenty of twists ahead that could once again reshape the race in an instant. The latest came Friday when Trump ended five years of pushing conspiracy theories about Obama's birthplace and finally acknowledged he was born in the United States. And the first presidential debate, which will likely be a pivotal moment for both campaigns, is nine days away.

But the recent polls underscore concerns about the effectiveness of Clinton's strategy, which has centered on convincing voters Trump is unfit to be commander in chief, as well as her ability to lift vulnerable House and Senate Democrats in November with the same effectiveness as Obama in 2008 and 2012. The Democratic nominee is coming off one of the toughest weeks of her campaign, forced to the sidelines for three days to recover from pneumonia.

""What matters is who registers to vote, and who is motivated and mobilized to turn out to vote,"" she told reporters. ""And I'm going to keep doing everything I can to deliver my message about what's at stake in this election.""

One of the most striking takeaways from the poll findings this week is that even with all of Trump's controversies and polarizing comments, Clinton is still struggling to stitch together key parts of the Obama coalition. That point was particularly evident in the new NBC/Wall Street Journal/Marist state polls this week that showed her with softer support from Latinos and young voters than Obama.

""This (election) really, in some ways, is coming down to young voters,"" said Della Volpe. ""She has not yet solidified what arguably should be one of the core constituencies of any Democratic campaign.""

""When I hear folks saying they're not inspired in this election, I disagree,"" Obama said. ""I am inspired because for eight years, I have had the privilege to see what it takes to do this job and here's what I know for sure. ... Right now, we have an opportunity to elect one of the most qualified people who has ever endeavored to become president.""

Clinton and her allies brushed off the week's new numbers as an expected development in what the Democratic candidate said was always going to be ""a tight race.""

Joel Benenson, Clinton's chief strategist, told CNN's Erin Burnett in an interview Thursday that the campaign was still ""playing for 270 electoral votes.""

""We are still playing more offense in states around the country and keeping the Trump campaign on defense, particularly in states that are must-wins for them like Virginia and North Carolina,"" Benenson said. ""They're not making us play defense anywhere.""

""What's happened as much as anything else is that the election is taking on the contours of the 2012 election to a very large extent,"" said Democratic pollster Geoff Garin. ""The ups and downs in the race have depended on the degree to which (Mitt) Romney voters from 2012 considered Trump to be acceptable or beyond the fringe. ... Right now, what we are seeing in the polls is that more Romney voters are willing to go with Trump.""

Garin, an adviser to the pro-Clinton super PAC Priorities USA Action, suggested that, in the long run, there could be an advantage to Trump's calmer demeanor for his Democratic opponent.

""When Donald Trump is not behaving, he's sort of like a car crash that people can't help but stop and look at,"" Garin said. ""If Trump is being less outrageous and less titillating, it means that Hillary Clinton has a better chance to get her own message through and have the election litigated on her own terms.""

In a reflective speech Thursday, Clinton said her few days off the trail helped clarify what the 2016 campaign is about. Contrasting her style and tone with her rival's, she once again called Trump ""a loose cannon"" who would put America's gains at risk. Charting her course for the next few weeks, she said she would focus on working families and the challenges facing young people. In a nod to her vulnerabilities, she also acknowledged some of the criticisms of her public persona.

""I have been involved in politics one way or another for many years. It is not an easy business. It can get rough and I have built up some defenses,"" she said. ""When it comes to public service, I am better at the service part than the public part.""

But she said she was not ""the showman"" that her opponent is and promised to ""deliver for you and your family,"" which will be one of the cornerstones of her message in the final stretch of the campaign.

The closeness of the polls clearly could mean more difficult races for down-ballot Democratic Senate and House candidates who are hoping Clinton's candidacy, and her well-organized operation, will give them a lift at the polls.

In New Hampshire this week, for example, Republican Sen. Kelly Ayotte opened an 8-point lead over Democratic Gov. Maggie Hassan: 52% to 44% among likely voters in a new NBC/WSJ/Marist poll after earlier polls had showed a much closer race.

As voters are paying more attention to the race, University of New Hampshire Survey Center Director Andy Smith said Clinton's vulnerabilities are coming into sharper focus and that is having a drag on the ticket. So much attention has been focused on Trump throughout the campaign, he said, that people paid less attention to how unpopular Clinton was.

""The candidate who has coattails is the candidate who is going to be able to pull in voters who might not otherwise have voted -- and that's what Obama was able to do in 2008 and 2012, especially among younger voters, African-American voters and minority voters,"" Smith said.

But this year, many of those young voters in New Hampshire voted for Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders in the primary, Smith noted.

""Obama was able to pull them out in 2008, and to a lesser extent in 2012, and they voted for Democrats down the ticket, but they're much less likely to vote this time around with Clinton at the top of the ticket,"" he said.

Some Democrats expect the Obama coalition to coalesce as Election Day draws closer.

""There is clearly a gap for Clinton with younger voters that her campaign will pay attention to,"" said Bill Burton, a former adviser to Obama. ""But once younger voters realize that anything but a vote for Clinton is a vote for Trump, the numbers will settle and the artificially high Gary Johnson numbers will come back to earth ... The Obama coalition is lagging in getting behind Clinton, but the debates will help natural gravity set in and bring this race where it will end.""

Other Democrats see a bright side to a closer race at the top of the ticket in the sense that it could propel more voters to get out to the polls. House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said Thursday that if Republicans want to believe that this race is tightening, ""let them believe that.""

""Because the more our own people see that it's important to vote, and a tight race sort of speaks to that urgency, then more of them will turn out. So it works to our advantage,"" Pelosi said.",1
3430,Obama has rare parliamentary window to make recess appointment to succeed Scalia,"There was much hubbub in late 2012 when President Obama made four recess appointments during a short recess between two pro-forma sessions of the Senate in January of that year.

The case later went to the Supreme Court and the maneuver was ruled to be unconstitutional.

The key in the 2014 Supreme Court decision regarding the president’s appointments to the National Labor Relations Board over the three-day break was that the justices found the executive branch determined what it interpreted as a recess.

But Justice Stephen Breyer wrote in the majority opinion that under the Constitution “the Senate is in session when it says it is.”

Obama said Saturday night that he would submit an appointment to the Senate, as part of his constitutional obligation, but “in due time.”

But now we have a completely different set of parliamentary circumstances. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., has indicated that he thinks that the nomination of a new justice should wait until the election of the next president.

But if the White House does take that to heart -- and knows there would be an unprecedented attempt of filibuster a Supreme Court nominee until next year -- Obama has a rare opportunity to make a Recess appointment in the coming days.

This window is open next week and this week only.

In short: Both bodies of Congress are operating in the perfect parliamentary status in which a recess appointment would be applicable. The last such appointment to the high court came by President Eisenhower in 1956 when he appointed William Brennan.

Article II, Section 2 of the Constitution states that “The President shall have Power to fill up all Vacancies that may happen during the Recess of the Senate.”

This could be the window of time in which Obama has his chance to maneuver a recess appointment to the high court.

Article I, Section 5 of the Constitution states “Neither House, during the Session of Congress, shall, without the Consent of the other, adjourn for more than three days, nor to any other Place than that in which the two Houses shall be sitting.”

That means that so long as both the House and Senate haven’t jointly agreed to “adjourn” for a stretch longer than three days, then there appears to be no way the president could make a recess appointment.

But the House and Senate are not operating under those circumstances right now. Both bodies of have adjourned until later this month for the President’s Day recess.

The Senate last met on Thursday. When doing so, it approved a

 “conditional adjournment resolution” for the Senate not to meet again until Monday, Feb. 22. The House met on Friday and at the close of business adopted the same adjournment resolution to get in sync with the Senate. The House is out until Tuesday, Feb. 23.

So, the House and Senate will not be meeting in the coming days. This is an adjournment and is not challengeable in court  the way the NLRB recess appointments were because both bodies have agreed with each other to adjourn.

This is a true recess and an opportunity for the president should he elect to take it -- considering the political realities of the Senate and the position of its majority leader to potentially make a recess appointment.

Keep in mind that this window will close later this month. Then GOP-led House and Senate can effectively block the president with another recess appointment gambit in the future by agreeing to meet every three days, even if members aren’t really here.

But obviously nobody anticipated Scalia’s death.

Thus, the president could in fact take advantage of this rare opportunity because he won’t get it again after February 22/23 if McConnell sticks to his guns.

",1
3528,Clinton says U.S. is ‘not winning’ the war against the Islamic State,"Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton said Sunday that the United States is ""not winning"" the battle against the Islamic State and called on Congress to update the use-of-force authorization passed after Sept. 11, 2001, to give President Obama more options to fight the militant group. But she stopped short of calling for a declaration of war.

Clinton said she expects to hear Obama discuss an ""intensification"" of efforts to fight terrorism when he delivers a prime-time address from the Oval Office on Sunday night. White House press secretary Josh Earnest said in a statement that the president will detail ""the steps our government is taking to fulfill his highest priority: keeping the American people safe.""

Clinton seemed to think that message might not go far enough. ""I think ...that's what we'll hear from the president, an intensification of the existing strategy,"" she said, in response to a question from George Stephanopoulos on ABC's ""This Week."" ""And I think there's some additional steps we have to take.""

Republican presidential candidates who appeared on the Sunday talk shows, such as former Florida governor Jeb Bush, Ohio Gov. John Kasich and Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.), repeated their attack that the president has no strategy to defeat the group, and called on him to commit to some type of military ground strategy in addition to airstrikes.

""We're not winning, but it's too soon to say that we are doing everything we need to do,"" Clinton said. ""And I've outlined very clearly we have to fight them in the air, we have to fight them on ground, and we have to fight on the Internet. And we have to do everything we can with our friends and partners around the world to protect ourselves.""

""I think ...that's what we'll hear from the president, an intensification of the existing strategy, and I think there's some additional steps we have to take.""

Republican presidential candidate Jeb Bush, who appeared later in the show, said Clinton was playing word games. ""They are at war with us and we should have a strategy not just to restrain but to destroy them,"" Bush said. ""We have to get the lawyers off the war-fighters' backs.""

Bush joined Rubio and Kasich Sunday in saying that the Senate was right to reject gun-control legislation offered by Democrats in the wake of the San Bernardino, Calif., shooting.

But Clinton, in arguing for additional gun control, linked the San Bernardino attacks with shootings within recent weeks that were no related to international terrorism.

""What happened in San Bernardino was a terrorist act. Nobody is arguing with that. The law enforcement, FBI have come to that conclusion. And let's not forget, though, a week before we had an American assault on Planned Parenthood and some weeks before that we had an assault at a community college,"" Clinton said.

""So I don't see these two as in any way contradictory,"" she added. ""We have to up our game against terrorists abroad and at home, and we have to take account of the fact that our gun laws and the easy access to those guns by people who shouldn't get them, mentally ill people, fugitives, felons and the Congress continuing to refuse to prohibit people on the no-fly list from getting guns, which include a lot of domestic and international terrorists, these are two parts of the same approach that I'm taking to make us safe.""

Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, who also is running for the Democratic nomination, agreed with Clinton about banning people on no-fly and watch lists from buying guns. The two have sparred over his commitment to gun control because Sanders voted a decade ago for a comprehensive gun bill that included amnesty from lawsuits for  gun manufacturers.

Sanders, on CBS’s “Face the Nation” Sunday cautioned that gun control was not the solution to stopping terrorism. “I don't think anybody believes it's a magic formula,” he said, later adding, “I don't think it's very hard to understand that terrorists or potential terrorists should not have guns. People who are being barred from flying on airplanes should not have guns.”

Referring to Obama’s upcoming address on terrorism, Dickerson asked Sanders what he would say to the public if he were president. “What I would say is that we have got to be as aggressive as we can in destroying ISIS, but we have to learn the lessons of the past,” Sanders said. ""And that means we cannot do it alone. It must be an international coalition, in which the Muslim nations are the troops on the ground.""

Republican candidates argued that prohibiting people on watch lists from purchasing guns was ineffective because the lists are inaccurate. Rubio and Bush noted that the late Democratic Sen. Edward Kennedy's name appeared on a no-fly list. Instead, they say, Obama needs to come up with a plan to defeat the Islamic State in Syria and Iraq to reduce the chances of more attacks on U.S. soil.

Rubio, during an interview on CNN's ""State of the Union,"" said the no-fly list ""is not a perfect database"" and ""shouldn't be used as a tool to impede 700,000 Americans or potential Americans -- people on that list from having access to be able to fully utilize their Second Amendment rights.""

""The first impulse of Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama is to have gun control,"" Bush said. ""Let's have a strategy to take out ISIS there so we don't have to deal with them here."" ISIS is an alternative acronym for the Islamic State.

Clinton again rejected the use of the term ""radical Islam"" arguing ""that sounds like we are declaring war against a religion ... I don't want to do that because, number one, it doesn't do justice to the vast numbers of Muslims in our own country and around the world who are peaceful people."" She said the term also ""helps to create this clash of civilizations that is actually a recruiting tool for ISIS and other radical jihadists who use this as a way of saying we're in a war against the West. You must join us. If you are a Muslim, you must join us.""

Donald Trump immediately attacked Clinton, saying on Twitter that she was ""afraid"" to use that language.

New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie also criticized Democrats for avoiding the term. ""This is the problem with the president and with Secretary Clinton, who provide leadership by euphemism. They won't say radical Islamic jihadists,"" Christie said on CBS's ""Face the Nation.""

""Now, when you say radical Islamic jihadists, they understand, the rest of the Muslim community understands, the folks who are peaceful, and who attend mosques in a peaceful way, work in our country, raise their families, pay their taxes, they know they're not radical Islamic jihadists,"" he said. ""That's why we need to use the words, because it differentiates them from the peaceful, law-abiding American Muslims who play by the rules and raise their families and don't want to see this kind of conduct going on.""",1
2972,"Patriot Act debate highlights ‘stark’ differences between 2001, 2015 views","It was the fall of 2001 and John Cornyn was getting ready to run for the U.S. Senate when terrorists sent a jolt through the world and changed the politics of national security forever.

“I remember when my wife pointed . . . to the TV, when the second plane hit the tower,” the Texas Republican, now the Senate’s majority whip, recalled Tuesday afternoon.

Congress swept into action, approving a war resolution against terrorists and, six weeks after the Sept. 11 attacks, the USA Patriot Act was introduced. It passed the House by an overwhelming margin the next day. It cleared the Senate the day after that with just one dissenting vote.

Almost 14 years later, the national security debate is completely different in both parties. This week, a leading Republican presidential candidate, Sen. Rand Paul (Ky.), briefly short-circuited the nation’s surveillance laws, and then an overwhelming majority of senators, including Cornyn, voted Tuesday for a measure that would rein in portions of the once overwhelmingly popular Patriot Act.

“I think it’s pretty stark,” Cornyn said before the final roll call, comparing 2001 to 2015.

[Congress turns away from post-9/11 law, retooling U.S. surveillance powers]

A large bloc of Republicans, whose ranks include Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (Ky.) and Sen. John McCain (Ariz.), cling to the post-9/11 ethos that surrendering a little bit of personal privacy is worth it, if it gives authorities a chance to catch terrorists and avert another 9/11-type disaster.

Thirty of the 53 GOP senators who voted opposed the new, less sweeping surveillance legislation — all but Paul on grounds that it was too weak. But that group now realizes that it no longer controls the debate as it used to.

“That sense of urgency has clearly died off in the intervening years,” McCain said after the vote.

Yet majority sentiment still remains far from Paul’s civil libertarian vision of completely turning off the intricate system of pulling together metadata of phone, texting and e-mail and sifting through to find any terrorist connections.

Instead, a bipartisan majority in Congress is now clearly on record supporting an aggressive spying culture, just one that is a little more restrictive than the intelligence agencies would like, and one with more judicial oversight.

After all, McConnell and Paul both lost on Tuesday. They voted against the USA Freedom Act, one because he thought it was too weak and the other because he thought it preserved a culture of intrusive, Big Brother government.

Sen. Patrick J. Leahy (D-Vt.), a lead sponsor of the new measure, said the smartest thing he ever did was to find a like-minded conservative partner 14 years ago, Richard K. Armey (R-Tex.), who was the House majority leader at the time, willing to ensure that the Patriot Act included a time-limit mechanism that would force a review of the policies.

“We wouldn’t have the debate if Armey and I hadn’t been able to form the coalition and put the sunsets in,” Leahy said Tuesday.

That set up the first big review of the Patriot Act for the summer of 2005, but even then many of the actions being taken were still classified and reports about warrantless wiretapping by security agencies would not begin to emerge until late 2005 and early 2006. As a senior member of the Judiciary Committee, Sen. Richard J. Durbin (D-Ill.) remembered that he was barely allowed to speak about the amendments that he was offering in order to modify the very classified portions of the law.

“I couldn’t even explain publicly what it was all about. I had to say in the most general terms of principles what we were doing,” Durbin said Tuesday.

By the spring of 2008, many details about the wiretapping program had broken into public view, and Congress held a full debate about how to update the 1978 law that governed those actions, the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA), which established a special federal court to consider warrants for monitoring individuals overseas.

Intended as a curb against domestic spying — its original co-sponsor was Edward M. Kennedy (D-Mass.) in 1977 — critics considered it outdated more than 30 years later.

The drumbeat against the military and covert intelligence services complex seemed to hit a crescendo among Democrats that spring of 2008. Then-Sen. Barack Obama (D-Ill.) used his opposition to the Iraq war as a wedge against then-Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton (D-N.Y.) to secure the Democratic presidential nomination, and Rep. Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) had become the most liberal House speaker in history.

Still, even then, after much debate with the Bush White House, Obama and Pelosi threw their support behind only slight modifications to FISA, which protected the telecommunications companies from the threat of lawsuits for turning over data to spy agencies.

That bill passed by very similar margins to this year’s legislation: 293 votes in the House in 2008 and 338 last month; 69 votes in the Senate in 2008 and 67 on Tuesday.

Just as McConnell found himself the odd man out this week, Senate Minority Leader Harry M. Reid (D-Nev.), the majority leader in 2008, was on the sidelines then, protesting from the left against the rewrite of the FISA bill. Reid voted against the bill, which the other leading Democrats of the day endorsed.

That 2008 debate may have been the beginning of the bipartisan coalition that triumphed on Tuesday, but first it had to withstand the early wave of anti-government tea party activism.

The biggest threat to enhanced powers for the intelligence community came in a series of wave elections: huge Democratic victories in 2006 and 2008, based on deep antiwar sentiments, and sizable Republican gains in 2010, fueled by belief that the federal government needed to be reined in.

That sequence of events created a large bloc of libertarian-minded Democrats and Republicans in Congress, and in early 2011, just weeks into his tenure running the House, Speaker John A. Boehner (R-Ohio) and his leadership team got its first lesson that today’s Republicans aren’t reflexively hawks.

Some Patriot Act provisions were expiring, but Boehner’s team considered them so noncontroversial that their renewal was put on the fast-track calender: no debate, no amendments, and more than two-thirds majority required for approval, in much the same way post offices are named.

Instead, the bill did not win the needed supermajority, and the embarrassed Boehner leadership team had to pass it under normal rules days later.

In the past two years, however, the emergence of two crucial players have collided to alter the debate: Edward Snowden and the Islamic State. Snowden, a former National Security Agency contractor, revealed to The Washington Post and Britain’s the Guardian newspaper in 2013 just how vast the NSA’s collection of bulk data was, sweeping up millions of connections among Americans with no ties to terrorists.

The revelations drew deep outrage from the public, but then in late 2014, Islamic State forces began their advance in Syria and Iraq, punctuated by a series of beheadings of hostages that included U.S. citizens. The public was much more focused on national security issues again, and the unease was only heightened by terrorist attacks in Europe by radical extremists. That push and pull set the dynamic for the debate the past month.

“Snowden’s argument is that government has gone too far, the ISIS argument is how far does government need to go to protect us,” Durbin said. “That is the tension.”

For now, that tension has created what many consider a bipartisan middle ground, but plenty of lawmakers worry that the ground could shift again.

“Security really is on people’s minds these days,” Sen. Rob Portman (R-Ohio), who faces reelection in 2016 and opposed Tuesday’s vote, “and it will be for a long time because I don’t think the threat’s going to go away.”",1
4085,Merkel brings shuttle diplomacy to White House,"Washington (CNN) Angela Merkel, the German chancellor desperately working to reach a diplomatic accord ending unrest in eastern Ukraine, continued her efforts at the White House Monday, urging President Barack Obama to forestall sending lethal aid to Kiev.

Her efforts appeared effective; at a midday press conference, Obama said he hadn't yet decided whether or not to send arms and equipment to besieged Ukrainian troops in the eastern part of the country.

But both leaders hinted there could be disagreements to come on how to best end the unrest that has waged for months and so far claimed 5,000 lives. Obama left open the possibility of equipping Ukrainians with American weapons if Merkel's latest attempt at brokering a diplomatic end to the violence fails.

""There may be some areas where there tactical disagreements,"" Obama said. ""There may not be. But the broad principle that we have to stand up for, not just Ukraine, but the principle of territorial integrity and sovereignty is one where we are completely unified.""

Merkel used similar language, saying through a translator the alliance between the United States and Europe will continue to stand, will continue to be solid, even though on certain issues we may not always agree.""

It was the latest bid in Merkel's shuttle diplomacy, which has taken the East Germany-born chancellor from Kiev to Moscow to the White House in just a matter of days. She's headed to Belarus for more talks on Ukraine on Wednesday.

Obama and Merkel hoped to display a united front against Russian President Vladimir Putin, whose government has backed separatists in Eastern Ukraine. Tough economic sanctions levied both by the United States and Europe have severely degraded Russia's economy, but until now haven't stopped Putin from his territorial campaign.

The united front was intact on Monday as Obama and Merkel underscored their alignment on sanctions and preference toward achieving peace through diplomacy.

""I am absolutely confident that we will do this together,"" Merkel said of the diplomatic efforts. ""I myself actually would not be able to live with not having made this attempt.""

The show of unity could be weakened if Obama decides to follow the advice of a bipartisan group of lawmakers and former administration officials pushing for greater lethal aid to Kiev. Under pressure from American lawmakers and former administration officials, the White House has said it's reconsidering whether or not to send arms to Ukrainian troops.

""It's not based on the idea that Ukraine could defeat a Russian army that was determined,"" Obama said of his administration's deliberations. ""It is rather to see whether or not there are additional things we can do to help Ukraine bolster its defenses in the face of separatist aggression.""

He failed to give a timeline for his deliberations on lethal aid to Ukraine, nor did he cite any specific move by Russia that would prompt him to decide either way.

Obama has been reluctant to send lethal aid overseas in the multiple world crises he's faced, citing the potential for the arms to wind up in the hands of enemies. In Ukraine, administration officials say they're worried that shipments of U.S. weapons could elevate the unrest there into a proxy war with Russia. And they're unsure of the Ukrainians' ability to effectively use American-supplied arms.

Republicans and Democrats have pressed the topic both in the United States and overseas. Sen. John McCain, the Republican chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, said at a security conference in Munich this weekend that Ukrainian troops were woefully underprepared for battle.

""The Ukrainians are being slaughtered and we're sending them blankets and meals. Blankets don't do well against Russian tanks,"" McCain said, echoing the plea Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko made to Congress in September.

Others who are closer to Obama, including the president's former Under Secretary of Defense Michele Flournoy and his current nominee to become defense secretary Ashton Carter, have also said they believe the U.S. should supply Kiev with lethal aid.

Merkel has staunchly opposed that tack, arguing more military aid could escalate the crisis further.

""The progress that Ukraine needs cannot be achieved with more weapons,"" she said over the weekend. ""I have grave doubts about the validity of this point.""

Merkel has positioned herself as the diplomatic envoy between the West and Russia, traveling to Moscow last week for closed-door meetings with Putin and French President Francois Hollande. The summit, however, concluded without a clear path toward ending the escalating violence in Eastern Ukraine.

A weekend telephone call between Merkel, Putin, Hollande and Poroshenko ended with the leaders agreeing to meet in Belarus on Wednesday, though firm details of the session weren't finalized.

The European leaders -- recognizing their country's stronger economic ties to Russia -- have been eager to broker a ceasefire diplomatically, a goal that so far has remained elusive.

Obama, who released a National Security Strategy last week with a heavy emphasis on diplomacy, has held similar views, saying the crisis in Ukraine won't end militarily.

But so far diplomacy has produced few results. A September agreement calling for drawback of heavy arms and a buffer zone disintegrated shortly after it was signed. Subsequent calls to adhere to the plan were ignored.",1
2741,"Fox News is self-destructing: Islamophobia, Obama’s Reagan moment and Roger Ailes’s new humiliation","Convinced that last year’s midterm losses for Democrats signaled the effective end of Barack Obama’s presidency and a resounding victory for all things conservative and Republican (“On Fox News, there were smiles all around“), just three weeks into the new year Fox News is left wondering what happened to the “lamest” of the lame duck presidents. The one Fox News was going to mock for two more years while trying to tarnish his legacy.

Rebounding to approval ratings not seen since 2013, instead of floundering, Obama is riding a crest of post-midterm successes, while Americans reward him for the country’s rebounding economy. The result: Obama’s the one quietly circling the victory track.

“You can hardly tell from our NBC/WSJ poll that the Republican Party was the big winner from the midterm elections just two months ago,” noted NBC’s Chuck Todd, Mark Murray and Carrie Dann this week. “Somehow, Obama and the Democrats stole the Republicans’ post-election honeymoon.”

If that didn’t sting badly enough, Fox continues to wrestle with the unfolding crisis over the network’s demonstrably false and stunning claim that some parts of Europe, including in France as well as Britain’s second largest city, Birmingham, have become Islamic and are “no-go zones” for non-Muslims, including for British law enforcement.

The misstep became an international punchline, with observers in Europe guffawing at Fox News’ trademark ignorance. “When I heard this, frankly, I choked on my porridge and I thought it must be April Fool’s Day,” British Prime Minister David Cameron told ITV News. “This guy is clearly a complete idiot,” he said, referring to Steve Emerson, who Fox had hosted to discuss recent terror attacks in Paris.

In a rare move, Fox apologized repeatedly for its colossal “no-go zone” blunder. Yet the story continues to haunt the network: Paris mayor Anne Hidalgo announced on Tuesday that the city might sue Fox News over the bogus claim that portions of Paris remain cordoned off from non-Muslims. “The image of Paris has been prejudiced, and the honor of Paris has been prejudiced,” Hidalgo told CNN.

Bottom line: It’s not even February and Fox News is already having a really bad year.

Can you imagine the audible gasps in the Fox News green room when dispatches like this from the Washington Post were read this week:

Fox News has been relentlessly pounding Obama every day and every hour since the midterm defeats, and has been piling on all this year. Yet Obama’s approval rating just soared nine points in one month?

And talk about insult to injury for Fox. “Obama’s approval ratings at this point in his presidency are similar to those of Ronald Reagan’s as he began his final two years in office,” according to the Post.

Obama and the Gipper in the same sentence!

Like the Grinch cupping his hand to his ear to listen in on Whoville on Christmas morning, only to be flummoxed that the Whos are still celebrating without any gifts, Fox News talkers must be looking at these surging polling numbers and thinking, how did Obama do that?

Simple answer: It’s the economy, stupid. “More Americans are satisfied with the economy than at any point in the past 10 years,” according to NBC.",1
2026,Hillary Clinton To Decide On 2016 Run 'Sometime Next Year',"The nation may not have to wait much longer to learn the future plans of Hillary Rodham Clinton, the former secretary of state who's considered the leading Democrat for the 2016 presidential race.

In a Wednesday interview with ABC's Barbara Walters, who named the former first lady the ""Most Fascinating Person of 2013,"" Clinton said she hadn't yet made up her mind on a presidential run. She assured Walters her announcement would come soon.

""Obviously, I will look carefully at what I think I can do and make that decision sometime next year,"" Clinton said.

Pundits have discussed a Clinton run since she lost the Democratic nomination to Barack Obama in 2008. Pollsters have weighed her chances of winning the 2016 nomination and dedicated supporters have laid the foundation for her campaign in a quickly growing super PAC called ""Ready for Hillary."" But Clinton told Walters an official announcement was premature.

""It's such a difficult decision, and it's one that I'm not going to rush into ... and I don't think we should be looking at the next election,"" Clinton said. ""I think we should be looking at the work that we have today. Our unemployment rate is too high. We have people getting kicked off food stamps who are in terrible economic straits. Small business is not getting credit, I could go on and on, so I think we ought to pay attention to what's happening right now.""

Clinton told Walters that her husband, former President Bill Clinton, has said he wants her ""to do what I think is right,"" prompting Walters to ask what America would call him if she were to win.

CORRECTION: This article originally said Clinton lost the Democratic nomination to Obama in 2012. She lost in 2008.",1
4018,"Kerry marks opening of US Embassy in Havana, critics rip 'diplomacy for show'","Secretary of State John Kerry marked the historic re-opening of the U.S. Embassy in Havana on Friday after a half-century-long freeze, amid lingering tensions between the two countries and deep concern among anti-Castro lawmakers in Washington.

""There will be hiccups along the way, but it's a start,"" Kerry acknowledged, speaking briefly to reporters before a ceremony where the U.S. flag was hoisted above the embassy for the first time in 54 years.

Kerry's Cuba visit was the first by a U.S. secretary of state since 1945. In an address outside the embassy, fragments of which were delivered in Spanish, Kerry called for ""pushing aside old barriers and exploring new possibilities.""

""Having normal relations makes it easier to talk -- and talk can deepen understanding even when we know full well we will not see eye-to-eye on everything,"" Kerry said.

Cuban-American lawmakers in Washington fumed over Friday's ceremony. As Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Fla., blasted the administration's deals with Iran and Cuba in a New York speech, Sen. Bob Menendez, D-N.J., issued a scathing statement citing the continuing human rights problems on the island.

""This is a one-sided deal that is a win for the Cuban regime and a loss for the Cuban people,"" Menendez said. ""The U.S. Embassy in Havana will be a hollow one. ... It will be diplomacy for show, not in practice. The United States' flag should only fly in Cuba when the island is free, when dissent is embraced, and when democracy is restored.""

In a reminder of the rocky road ahead, Fidel Castro said in a newspaper column on the eve of the ceremony that the U.S. owes the island ""numerous millions of dollars"" for damages caused by the embargo. Americans, too, also want to resolve billions of dollars in half-century-old claims over property confiscated after the Cuban revolution.

In his speech in New York City on Friday, Rubio slammed the Obama administration's outreach to Iran and Cuba. Deals with both countries, the Republican presidential candidate said, ""represent the convergence of nearly every flawed strategic, moral, and economic notion that has driven President Obama's foreign policy.""

But in Havana, Kerry vowed that ""citizens of both [countries] will benefit"" from normalized relations.

He said Cubans and Americans are ""no longer enemies or rivals, but neighbors,"" while also saying the Cuban people ""would be best served by a genuine democracy.""

This is just the start of the process.

Soon after Kerry heads home Friday evening, the Cuban and U.S. diplomats who negotiated the embassy reopening will launch full-time into the next phase of detente: expanding economic ties between the two nations with measures like direct flights and mail service.

Presidents Obama and Raul Castro announced on Dec. 17 that they would re-establish diplomatic ties 54 years after the flag was taken down from the embassy overlooking Havana's seaside boulevard, the Malecon.

Obama also said he would be moving to empower the Cuban people by loosening the U.S. trade embargo on Cuba through a series of executive actions that make it easier for American citizens to travel to Cuba and trade with the island's growing class of private business owners.

Eight months later, Cuba has repeatedly demanded a complete lifting of the embargo. It has not responded to Obama's actions with measures that would allow ordinary Cubans to benefit from them, such as allowing low-cost imports and exports by Cuban entrepreneurs looking to do business with the U.S.

""I think we're ending one phase and entering another,"" said Robert Muse, a U.S. lawyer specializing in Cuba. ""The handshakes, the fraternal regards, the raising of the flags, that'll end on Aug. 14. Then I think it's very particular conversations begin.""

While Cuba has increased its highly limited Internet access since Dec. 17 in a measure U.S. officials partially attribute to the warming with Washington, ordinary Cubans are growing increasingly impatient for concrete results from the new relationship.

The U.S. tried several times to hold discussions with Cuban officials about the details of Obama's loosening of U.S. regulations but those meetings never happened amid the pressure to strike a deal allowing the reopening of embassies in Havana and Washington on July 20.

U.S. diplomats say that such a meeting, which will hopefully lead to a real increase in trade with the U.S., is among the top priorities of the normalization talks expected to start in earnest in coming weeks.

After the flag ceremony and a meeting with Havana Archbishop Jaime Ortega, Kerry met with Cuban Foreign Minister Bruno Rodriguez Parrilla followed by a news conference and the raising of a second flag at the stately home of the embassy's chief of mission, where the secretary of state met with Cuban dissidents.

Kerry said in a series of interviews with Spanish-language press Wednesday that the day would move the U.S.-Cuban relationship into a series of detailed talks about topics including ""law enforcement, maritime security, education, health, telecommunications.""

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
3131,The religious right’s No. 1 enemy: What Pope Francis’ recognition of Palestine really means,"That’s because Rome’s diplomatic recognition of Palestine, while made official on Wednesday, has been proceeding quietly behind the scenes for some time. The Vatican has referred to the “state of Palestine” unofficially since the UN recognized the Palestinian state in 2012. “We have recognized the State of Palestine ever since it was given recognition by the United Nations and it is already listed as the State of Palestine in our official yearbook,” said Vatican spokesman Federico Lombardi.

The treaty itself, which is expected to be signed shortly, “deals with essential aspects of the life and activity of the Catholic Church in Palestine,” such as the status of Catholic Church properties and charities.

The larger significance of the Vatican’s move is the signal it sends to the international community about the recognition of Palestinian statehood. Not surprisingly, the fact that the Vatican appears to be putting its moral authority—and Pope Francis’ immense personal popularity—behind recognition of the Palestinian state didn’t sit well with backers of Israel.

A senior Israeli official told the New York Times the move would damage the stalled Middle East peace process. David Harris, head of the American Jewish Committee, called the move “unhelpful,” saying, “Formal Vatican recognition of Palestine, a state that, in reality, does not yet exist, is a regrettable move, counterproductive to all who seek true peace between Israel and the Palestinians.”

But equally likely to be disgruntled are conservative Catholics and evangelicals, many of whom are strong supporters of Israel because of what they believe will be its pivotal role in biblical end-times and oppose the recognition of Palestinian statehood and the changing of any borders in the region that that would likely entail.

These religious conservatives have already seen Pope Francis tip the scale in international relations—away from their preferred direction—when he brokered a deal to restore diplomatic relations between the U.S. and still officially communist Cuba. He’s also trashed free-market capitalism, decrying the “idolatry of money” and trickle-down economics. And his soon-to-be released encyclical on the environment is likely to frame tackling climate change in terms of a deep moral responsibility to future generations.

Now, conservatives will feel they’ve lost the support of the Vatican on another issue that has transcended its actual particulars to become a touchstone of conservative identity, potentially furthering the rift that has grown between both fiscal and social religious conservatives and Francis, who they hint has no authority to intervene so prominently in non-doctrinal matters. But the reality of the Vatican’s position on Palestine is more complicated. As John Allen notes in Crux, like Francis’ pronouncements on capitalism and the environment, people assume a break from tradition has occurred only because they weren’t paying attention to the papacy before rock star Francis. In reality, it is actually a continuation of long-held papal positions. The Vatican’s support for Palestine isn’t particularly new. When Pope Benedict XVI travelled to the Middle East in 2009, he pledged support for Palestinian statehood. St. John Paul II made similar statements many times, and was sufficiently fond of former PLO leader Yasser Arafat that he had a set of the Stations of the Cross made out of ivory, presented to him by Arafat as a gift, installed in a small chapel off a Vatican chamber. It’s more accurate to view this particular step in the Vatican’s relationship with Palestine both as a continuation of the Holy See’s long-standing support for Palestinian statehood and as an expression of Francis’ overriding interest in fostering international peace—and his unique ability and willingness to put his finger on the scales to do so. When Francis toured the Holy Lands last year, he made a highly symbolic stop at the wall dividing Bethlehem from Israel and later invited Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas and Israeli President Shimon Peres to a prayer summit at the Vatican, where he talked about  the “courage to take concrete steps to achieve peace.” And it’s likely no coincidence that the new treaty with the Palestinian state was announced just days before Francis is set to canonize two Palestinian nuns, Marie Alphonsine Ghattas of Jerusalem and Mariam Bawardy of Galilee, who will become the first Palestinian Arab saints in a Vatican ceremony attended by Abbas. The canonizations, like the Vatican’s relationship with Palestine, have been underway long before Francis. But he will use it highlight both the importance of Christians living in Palestine and the need for fairness for the Palestinian people in a way that only a rock star can.",1
571,Sabotaging Common Core,The president-elect hasn't made clear how he will avoid conflicts between his vast empire and his official duties.,1
3722,Church shooting suspect Dylann Roof captured amid hate crime investigation,"CHARLESTON, S.C. — Dylann Roof, who police say opened fire and killed nine people during a prayer meeting at a historic African American church here, was arrested Thursday, more than 13 hours after the chilling attack.

Roof, a 21-year-old high-school dropout from Eastover, S.C., was taken into custody in North Carolina not long after law enforcement officials identified him as the sole suspect in the Wednesday night massacre, the deadliest attack on a place of worship in the United States in 24 years.

The oldest victim was 87; the youngest was 26. They included a library manager, a track and field coach and a state senator, Clementa Pinckney, who also served as senior pastor at Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church, where the shooting occurred.

Federal law enforcement officials said Roof, who is white, declared his hatred for black people before opening fire, and the U.S. Justice Department has said it is investigating the attack as a hate crime.

Charleston Police Chief Greg Mullen said Roof was arrested during a traffic stop in Shelby, N.C., at around 11 a.m. Mullen said Roof “was cooperative with the officer who stopped him” in Shelby, about 250 miles by road northwest of Charleston.

“In America, you know, we don’t let bad people like this get away with these dastardly deeds,” Charleston Mayor Joseph P. Riley Jr. (D) said at a news briefing. The longtime mayor said Roof — “an awful person” — “is now in custody, where he will always remain.”

Roof waived extradition from North Carolina. After his arrest, he boarded a small plane bound for South Carolina, according to local television affiliates.

The attack began about an hour after the white assailant entered one of the nation’s oldest African American churches and observed the Wednesday-night gathering, authorities said. Six women and three men were killed and at least one other person was injured in the shooting at Emanuel AME, a black landmark in the the birthplace of the Confederacy.

“We believe this is a hate crime; that is how we are investigating it,” Mullen said.

[For church, 200 years of tragedy and revival]

“Any death of this sort is a tragedy; any shooting involving multiple victims is a tragedy,” President Obama said at the White House. “There is something particularly heartbreaking about a death happening in a place in which we seek solace and we seek peace, in a place of worship.”

Although he acknowledged that many facts are not yet known, the president also said that insufficient gun laws were partially to blame. “Once again innocent people were killed because someone who wanted to inflict harm had no trouble getting their hands on a gun,” he said.

“Now is the time for mourning and for healing,” the president added. “But let’s be clear: At some point we as a country will have to reckon with the fact that this type of mass violence does not happen in other advanced countries.”

It was the deadliest attack on a U.S. house of worship since 1991, when nine people were killed at the Wat Promkunaram temple near Phoenix. Johnathan Doody, tried three times for the execution-style murders at the Buddhist temple, was sentenced in 2014 to 249 years in prison.

Carl Chinn, who runs what is considered to be the most extensive database on violence at houses of worship, said Wednesday’s shooting was “certainly one of, if not the most, vicious attacks I’ve seen at a faith-based organization,” said

“Acts like this one have no place in our country and no place in a civil society,” Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch said Thursday as she vowed to bring the perpetrator to justice.

Agents were continuing to interview witnesses, including one woman who survived the slaughter. Roof allegedly released her, one law enforcement official said, so she could tell others what had happened.

According to federal law enforcement officials, the gunman made racist comments before he started shooting inside the church.

Roof sat in the back of the room for about an hour, these officials said, and some people at the church encouraged him to join the discussion. Before he began firing a semiautomatic handgun, Roof said something that the officials described as hateful racial epithets.

Officials said that the gunshots were fired at close range, rather than a random spray of gunfire across the room.

Roof’s apparent Facebook profile photo carries a possible indicator of his worldview: The picture shows him skulking in the woods, wearing a jacket with at least two conspicuous patches. The patches, as the Southern Poverty Law Center quickly noted, are the old flags of racist, white-minority regimes in southern Africa.

Roof lived about 15 miles southeast of Columbia, the state capital, in Eastover, court records show. He was arrested twice earlier this year, once on a drug charge and later for trespassing, records show. Both arrests occurred near Columbia.

He was found guilty of trespassing, but the drug charge was still pending. He was fined $262.50, which he elected to pay off in installments.

“We woke up today and the heart and soul of South Carolina was broken,” Gov. Nikki Haley said after Roof’s capture. “So we have some grieving to do. And we have some pain to go through. Parents are having to explain to their kids how they can go to church and feel safe, and that’s not something we ever thought we’d have to deal with.”

Charleston County Coroner Rae H. Wooten identified the victims by name and age Thursday afternoon, though she did not immediately provide spellings or other personal information.

Rev. Clementa Pinckney, 41, was the church’s pastor and a South Carolina state senator. Depayne Middleton Doctor, 49, sang in the church choir, the Charleston newspaper reported.

Ethel Lance, 70, worked for 30 years at the church, a relative told the Post and Courier. Susie Jackson, 87, a longtime church member, was Lance’s cousin, the newspaper reported.

Cynthia Hurd, 54, was branch manager of the St. Andrews Regional Library, just a few miles from the church where she was killed. Tywanza Sanders, 26, was a 2014 graduate of Charleston’s Allen University.

Rev. Sharonda Coleman-Singleton, 45, was a church pastor and high school track and field coach, according to the Post and Courier.

Myra Thompson, 59, was an active member of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, according to the Greenville News. Rev. Daniel Simmons Sr., 74, who died at a hospital, was a retired pastor from another Charleston church, ABC News reported.

“Hate has once again been let loose in an American community,” Vice President Biden and his wife, Jill Biden, said in a statement. “And the senseless actions of a coward have once again cut short so many lives with so much promise.”

Biden, who had seen Pinckney last year at a prayer breakfast in Columbia, called the shooting an “act of pure evil and hatred.”

Long before the victims’ identities were confirmed, Emanuel AME members, faith leaders and state politicians feared the worst about Pinckney. Indeed, soon after the attack, the pastor’s friends and colleagues began expressing their condolences on social media.

“My friend and brother in Christ Senator Clementa Pinckney was shot to death in the senseless tragedy that occurred in Emanuel AME Church in Charleston,” Larry Grooms, a state senator, wrote on Facebook. “My heart breaks for the loss of Sen. Pinckney, the other victims and for their families. Now is the time for prayer. Let us all unite our hearts in prayer and ask God for His Grace, Love and Mercy.”

Pictures from the South Carolina State House showed a black cloth draped at Pinckney’s seat Thursday.

Police have not provided many details about the circumstances of Roof’s arrest, but Mullen, the Charleston police chief, said the traffic stop began when a citizen reported something suspicious to law enforcement. That tip prompted police to stop the car in Shelby.

Mullen also said that it did not appear in the aftermath of Roof’s arrest that other people participated in the shooting. “We don’t have any reason to believe that anybody else was involved,” he said.

Roof remained in Shelby for nearly an hour after his arrest. Mullen declined to discuss many details of the investigation and would not answer a question about whether Roof admitted guilt in the shooting.

Police said the victims were gathered in the Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church, also known as “Mother Emanuel,” for a prayer meeting Wednesday when the shooting occurred. The congregation, established in 1816, is one of the oldest African American churches in the United States.

[For Charleston’s Emanuel AME church, shooting is another painful chapter in long history]

“This is the most unspeakable and heartbreaking tragedy in historic Emanuel AME church, the mother church of the AME churches,” said Riley, the mayor. “People in prayer Wednesday evening, a ritual coming together, praying and worshiping God. To have an awful person come in and shoot them is inexplicable. Obviously the most intolerable and unbelievable act possible.”

“The only reason someone could walk into a church and shoot people praying is out of hate,” Riley continued. “The only reason. It is the most dastardly act that one could possibly imagine.”

Police said the shooting occurred at about 9 p.m. at the historic church, which is located between Henrietta and Calhoun streets near Marion Square in downtown Charleston. Emergency dispatchers received a call at about 9:05 p.m., police said, and units were immediately dispatched to the church.

When officers arrived, they determined that eight people had been killed inside the church, Mullen said. A ninth person was taken to a nearby hospital, where that person died, the police chief said. Police initially said a total of two people had been taken to the hospital, but clarified later that there was only one.

At a nearby Embassy Suites hotel, which was serving as an informal headquarters for church members in the hours after the shooting, people began sobbing and screaming as they learned details about what had happened. “It was a heartbreaking scene I have never witnessed in my life before,” Riley said.

The Rev. Norvel Goff, a presiding elder for the African Methodist Episcopal Church who was interviewed near the scene, said the gunman “walked in, from my understanding, not so much as a participant, but as a brief observer who then stood up and then started shooting.”

Mullen told reporters that the person stayed with the group in the church for about an hour before opening fire.

“This tragedy that we’re addressing right now is undescribable,” the police chief said at a news conference early Thursday morning. “No one in this community will ever forget this night.”

After the shooting, helicopters swarmed overhead and heavily armed police wearing bulletproof vests fanned out across the city to search for the gunman.

“This was a very chaotic scene when we arrived,” Mullen said. “We were tracking this individual with canines. We were making sure that he was not in the area to commit other crimes. As all this was going on, we received information that there might be a secondary explosive device in the scene.”

Taxi driver Sheila Seagers, 60, heard the news on the radio and parked her Lincoln Town Car blocks from the scene. She stayed for hours, lingering and chatting quietly with friends. She called her state of mind a “ball of confusion.”

“I keep thinking of that big, beautiful church,” she said.

“We don’t want trouble but we keeping getting trouble,” she added. “I hate to say it, but what’s next? I pray that when morning comes there will be peace.”

Crisis chaplains rushed to the scene as people started circles to pray for the victims and their families.

“I had to come, couldn’t sit home and watch my community on television,” said 59-year-old Ken Battle, a retired member of the U.S. Air Force. “But I can’t make up my mind about what has happened here. Being here helps me make meaning out of it.”

Johnny Brooks, 54, a retired electric worker, came with his wife. “Our backyard! Our city,” he said. “I am at a loss for words.”

[11 essential facts about guns and mass shootings in the United States]

At a subsequent news conference, Riley called the shooter a “horrible scoundrel” and said: “This is an unfathomable and unspeakable act by somebody filled with hate and with a deranged mind.”

At a midday prayer service at Morris Brown AME Church on Thursday, the congregation burst into sustained applause when Rev. Goff, the presiding elder, said the suspect had been captured.

“Some of us haven’t been to bed yet,” Goff said. “But good folk can’t go to sleep when evil is trying to come in.”

This story has been updated numerous times. It previously stated that victim Cynthia Hurd was 31, which is incorrect. Bever, Horwitz and du Lac reported from Washington, where Mark Berman, Jose A. DelReal, William Wan, Thad Moore, Ishaan Tharoor, Sarah Pulliam Bailey, Elahe Izadi, Sarah Kaplan, David A. Farhenthold and Brian Murphy also contributed reporting. Anne Gearan contributed from Charleston.",1
4584,Donald Trump's Stunning Upset,"Donald Trump had one more surprise up his sleeve. The Republican nominee was elected president Tuesday, winning a stunning upset that defied nearly every prediction. Trump broke through Hillary Clinton’s Democratic firewall and turned back her bid to become the first woman to serve as president, even as the candidates battled for the lead in the popular vote. Trump was carried to victory by a wave of right-wing populist nationalism, as working- and middle-class white Americans turned out in droves to vote for a candidate who had rejected Republican dogma during an erratic, peculiar campaign. Trump overperformed expectations in nearly every public poll, as well as the internal expectations of both parties. The result, paired with Republican victories in the House and Senate, promises to remake American policy and politics, and the global order as well. It represents a wholesale repudiation of the establishment, from Washington to Wall Street. Even before Trump had clinched the win Tuesday night, markets around the world cratered and trading in stock futures was halted. The result is a disaster for the Democratic Party, which had put its faith in a repeat candidate representing a fading dynasty, could not win the Senate, and has few obvious young standard bearers waiting in the wings; the traditional conservative wing of the Republican Party, which largely broke with Trump; the media, which plainly detested Trump but fueled his movement with incessant coverage; and the political consulting and polling industry, which saw its methods ridiculed. It is also a body blow to the legacy of President Barack Obama. The nation’s first African American president will be succeeded by a man who built his political career on questioning whether Obama was a legitimate citizen.

Trump’s victory is an incredible finish to a campaign that often beggared belief. When Trump began his campaign in June 2015, proclaiming that Mexican immigrants were “bringing drugs. They’re bringing crime. They’re rapists,” he was widely viewed as a curiosity, a garish entertainer whose repeatedly unfulfilled political flirtations were the butt of jokes. Despite billing himself as a businessman, he garnered little respect within the business community. But Trump demolished what was touted as the most talented class of GOP politicians in a lifetime, winning the primary over the objections of most elected Republicans. It is difficult to overstate the surprise of a Trump win, except perhaps with recourse to the infamous “Dewey Defeats Truman” headline of 1948. Polling averages never showed him leading, or only leading for a fleeting moment after the Republican National Convention. He centered his campaign around a promise to build a wall on the border with Mexico that practically no serious analyst believes is possible, and to force Mexico to pay for it, a remote possibility. He lost all three presidential debates. He rejected several key pillars of the Republican Party, including free trade, projecting American power abroad, and social conservatism. He broke longstanding tradition by refusing to release his tax returns, but bragged about having paid no income taxes for extended periods. During the campaign, The Washington Post published a video in which Trump boasted about sexually assaulting women, and about a dozen women came forward with allegations of sexual assault and harassment stretching across decades. He was a historically dishonest candidate, lying publicly on matters large and small, important and not, easily debunked and not. He would not commit to accepting the results of the election if he lost.

Trump’s campaign borrowed its tactics from Europe’s right-wing populist parties, eagerly leveraging race for political gain. He blamed immigration, whether from Latin America or from the Middle East, for many of the country’s ills, openly demonizing Hispanics and Muslims and railing against “political correctness.” He drew support from a resurgent white supremacist movement, passing along messages from anti-Semites and those who argue that a “white genocide” is occurring. He was endorsed by the Ku Klux Klan and wavered before rejecting the support of former KKK Imperial Wizard David Duke. These choices, along with his comments about women, produced a lopsided demographic result, with African Americans, Hispanics, and women backing Clinton by wide margins and white voters carrying Trump to the win. Trump broke nearly every rule of political campaigning on the way to his win. He survived an unprecedented abandonment by members of his own party; even GOP officials who endorsed Trump often did so through gritted teeth. He lost the endorsements of even the most staunchly Republican newspapers. He barely engaged in fundraising for his race, beginning to ask for money only late in the game. Ultimately, Trump raised scarcely half of what Clinton did, and he hardly purchased ads to combat her onslaught of television spots, relying instead on social media and his own Twitter account. He eschewed traditional campaigning, from the construction of a field organization to the use of polling to the deployment of a carefully calibrated data analytics team, a tool that Obama’s two wins had established as a must. His unfavorable ratings lagged far behind even Clinton’s shoddy numbers, and national exit polls found a majority of Americans did not believe Trump was qualified to be president. He expressed a profound disgust for the First Amendment and a free press.

Clinton, meanwhile, was revealed as a badly damaged and weak candidate. She was never able to articulate a clear, concise purpose for her campaign, positioning herself more than anything as the only person who could stop Trump. Her long resume—stretching from her time as first lady through stints in the Senate and as secretary of state—turned out to be a liability. So, crucially, did her use of a private email server while leading the State Department. Democrats were quick to point a finger at FBI Director James Comey, whose announcement of new emails pertinent to the investigation of that server shook the race, but whose statement eight days later that the emails did not change his conclusion may have come too late to save Clinton. But the signs of her weaknesses were apparent before then, when she struggled to dispatch a primary challenge from Senator Bernie Sanders. In the closing weeks of the campaign, Clinton—never a compelling orator—called on an all-star team of Democrats and others to buoy her, including Obama, Michelle Obama, Sanders, Vice President Biden, and a host of stars of sports, music, and movies. The Trump win in the face of his unified support from the elites in nearly every field underlines the vast split between them and Trump’s base. With both Clinton and Sanders near the ends of their career, it is unclear what the future Democratic Party will look like or who will lead it. The party will take cold comfort even if it does end up winning the popular vote in six of the last seven presidential elections.

A Trump presidency will present the largest shift in U.S. foreign policy since the nation became a superpower. He has offered an isolationist vision of American foreign policy, arguing that the United States does not get out of international alliances like NATO what it puts in, suggesting he would recognize Russian annexation in Eastern Europe and Central Asia. (He was rewarded with the support of Russian President Vladimir Putin.) He has promised to renegotiate existing free-trade agreements and promised the return of tariffs. He has spoken disdainfully of climate-change agreements and has suggested nuclear proliferation could help create global peace. Domestically, Trump is expected to cut closer to standard Republican fare, though his plain lack of interest in policy details makes it more difficult to predict. He supports lower taxes and subscribes to supply-side economics, though he has also promised not to cut entitlements like Social Security and Medicare. With the likely outcome that the lame-duck Senate will continue to stonewall Obama nominee Merrick Garland, Trump will likely have the chance to nominate at least one and perhaps several more justices to the Supreme Court. He has promised to repeal the Affordable Care Act, better known as Obamacare. Assuming he is able to mend fences with Republicans—not necessarily a sure bet—GOP majorities in both the House and Senate will give him broad maneuvering room to enact his policies. The Republican advantage in both the House and Senate decreased, but the party was able to hold both chambers, against expectations that a Clinton win would carry Democrats to a Senate edge. Democrats took over a seat in Illinois and held a seat in Nevada, they failed to pick up any of the other contested seats without Clinton’s coattails.

From the top of the ballot to the bottom, the election shows how deeply divided the nation remains. While Trump performed better that Mitt Romney in urban areas, a stark split between cosmopolitan, liberal urban areas and more conservative, whiter rural ones is a defining feature of the United States, along with a large gap in income and inequality. In other races across the nation, Republicans made big gains in some state houses, while voters in several other states opted to legalize recreational marijuana. In Maricopa County, Arizona, longtime Sheriff Joe Arpaio, a noisy Trump backer and opponent of immigration, was turned out of office. These divisions will likely manifest in increasingly disparate blue and red Americas, often colliding violently. It will take days if not weeks for a full accounting of how polls failed to capture Trump’s surge so badly. He had promised that he would win with the help of the “silent majority,” a phrase he borrowed from Richard Nixon. That prediction was ridiculed by the smart money, along with suggestions that there might be large numbers of “shy” Trump voters unwilling to publicly declare their support. Trump’s win joins in a recent string of shocking upset victories for populist causes, from the rise of right-wing national parties in Europe to the Brexit vote to Colombia’s rejection of a peace referendum. In the home stretch of the campaign, Trump had taken to referring to himself as “Mr. Brexit,” a nod to the unexpected result in that referendum. But as some analysts pointed out, the late polls there indicated that Leave would win. Trump’s victory is something far more surprising. But just as the United Kingdom is trying to sort through what Brexit might mean, Trump and the nation will have to figure out what the United States looks like now.",1
4198,Take a deep breath. The Republican contest still has another month to go.,"Writing at the Hill, analyst Mark Plotkin figures he knows why Ted Cruz's poll numbers have tanked in Indiana: rings.

Remember when the Republican presidential candidate stumbled over the word ""rim"" as he was trying to re-create a scene from the movie ""Hoosiers"" (for some reason)? Well, that slip-up will ""doom him"" in basketball-loving Indiana, just as so many have been doomed by so many other slips of the tongue before. Indianans love basketball very much, apparently, and they will be very mad if you say ""ring"" to them. (""Traditionally, we call that a 'hoop' here in Indiana,"" the Indianapolis Star's Allison Carter noted dryly.)

Why, look at the polls! The Cruz mistake happened April 26; shortly thereafter, his poll numbers started to sink.

Hard to argue with that. Except that something else happened April 26: Donald Trump beat the tar out of Cruz and Ted Kasich in five states.

This Republican race has been a teacup ride for the ages, whipping back and forth between ""Trump is doomed"" and ""Trump is inevitable,"" usually based on whatever good or bad luck Trump has had in the most recent voting. His past six efforts have been exceptional, his best of the campaign, so our teacups are spinning toward ""inevitable"" once again, and faster than ever.

And that makes some sense: There aren't many contests left, and Trump's magic number — how many of the remaining delegates he needs — continues to sink.

Indiana is one of the two biggest states left on the calendar, and it gives out its delegates in a ""winner-take-most"" fashion — win the state and the congressional districts, and you get all the delegates.

Yes, Trump has won six in a row, and by very wide margins. But just as Bernie Sanders won seven of eight before the race shifted back to Hillary Clinton-friendly territory, Indiana ain't the Northeast. (In the Northeast, no one has any idea what to call a basketball loop.) The Midwest is different terrain, where Trump's margins of victory have been more modest — when he has won.

Let's say, for example, that Trump doesn't win Indiana's primary Tuesday. This is unlikely. FiveThirtyEight's forecast shows that Trump has an 83 percent chance of winning. There are reports that Trump is finally figuring out how to run a ground game — that is, how to get his supporters to the polls. But Cruz has consistently been stronger and smarter, which is one reason he pulled off a surprise win in Iowa. That was a caucus and not a primary, one of several reasons he probably will still lose in Indiana. But if he doesn't? Back go the teacups.

Even if Cruz loses and Trump wins — as is likely — the race isn't over. Winning Indiana's delegates makes Trump's job much easier, particularly given his big lead in New Jersey — the third biggest state left and one that gives all of its delegates to the winner — and in California. Both of those states will vote June 7, and, between the two of them, will offer Trump enough delegates to clinch the nomination.

But let's go back to Indiana. One of the reasons polls appear to have shifted against Cruz in the state is that the air is coming out of his campaign. Gallup's survey data indicates that Cruz's favorability rating has tanked among Republicans since Trump's big victory in New York. The implication? People who were supporting Cruz out of a desire to stop Trump have lost some of that enthusiasm. This also could explain the dip in Indiana.

It also suggests that opinions are relatively fickle, driven by a sense of viability. Even if Cruz doesn't win tonight, a better-than-expected performance, a close race, could prompt some rethinking. Plus, there are still several states between now and June 7 where Cruz could do well: Nebraska, South Dakota, Montana. If voters are responding to the variations of the race, as polls suggest, we could have another variation in the cards, even if Trump wins in Indiana. Maybe. Possibly. (There are a bunch of states where Trump will do well, too.)

I understand why Trump keeps insisting that an Indiana win would cap off his nomination. I understand — and agree with — arguments suggesting that it makes his nomination all but certain. But I'd note that our impulses to declare finality in the wake of particular results often have proven to be short-lived. Trump wouldn't actually clinch until the night of June 7 — about a month from now. One month ago, Cruz was about to dominate in Wisconsin and give the wan ""Stop Trump"" effort its only real win. Things change.

And besides. What if Trump mispronounces ""avocado""? California could definitely be up for grabs.",1
5095,"FACT CHECK: Donald Trump's Republican Convention Speech, Annotated","Donald Trump accepted the Republican nomination for president Thursday night, delivering a speech that lays out America's struggles with crime, terrorism and immigration and how he plans to address them.

NPR's politics team has annotated Trump's speech below. Portions we commented on are highlighted, followed by analysis, context and fact check in italics.

Thank you, thank you. Thank you very much.

Friends, delegates and fellow Americans: I humbly and gratefully accept your nomination for the presidency of the United States.

Who would have believed that when we started this journey // because we are a team would have received almost 14 million votes the most in the history of the Republican party and that the Republican party would get 60 percent more votes than it received eight years ago. Who would have believed this. Who would have believed this.

The Democrats on the other hand received 20 percent fewer votes than they got four years ago. Not so good. Not so good.

Together, we will lead our party back to the White House, and we will lead our country back to safety, prosperity, and peace.

We will be a country of generosity and warmth.

But we will also be a country of law and order.

Our Convention occurs at a moment of crisis for our nation. The attacks on our police, and the terrorism of our cities, threaten our very way of life. Any politician who does not grasp this danger is not fit to lead our country.

Americans watching this address tonight have seen the recent images of violence in our streets and the chaos in our communities. Many have witnessed this violence personally, some have even been its victims. I have a message for all of you: the crime and violence that today afflicts our nation will soon, and I mean very soon, come to an end.

Beginning on January 20th of 2017, safety will be restored.

The most basic duty of government is to defend the lives of its own citizens. Any government that fails to do so is a government unworthy to lead. It is finally time for a straightforward assessment of the state of our nation.

I will present the facts plainly and honestly.

We cannot afford to be so politically correct anymore.

So if you want to hear the corporate spin, the carefully-crafted lies, and the media myths the Democrats are holding their convention next week. Go there.

But here, at our convention, there will be no lies. We will honor the American people with the truth, and nothing else.

These are the facts: Decades of progress made in bringing down crime are now being reversed by this Administration's rollback of criminal enforcement. Homicides last year increased by 17 percent in America's fifty largest cities. That's the largest increase in 25 years.

In our nation's capital, killings have risen by 50 percent. They are up nearly 60% in nearby Baltimore.

In the President's hometown of Chicago, more than 2,000 people have been the victims of shootings this year alone.

And more than 4,000 have been killed in the Chicago area since he took office.

The number of police officers killed in the line of duty has risen by almost 50% compared to this point last year.

Nearly 180,000 illegal immigrants with criminal records, ordered deported from our country, are tonight roaming free to threaten peaceful citizens.

The number of new illegal immigrant families who have crossed the border so far this year already exceeds the entire total from 2015.

They are being released by the tens of thousands into our communities with no regard for the impact on public safety or resources.

One such border-crosser was released and made his way to Nebraska. There, he ended the life of an innocent young girl named Sarah Root. She was 21 years-old, and was killed the day after graduating from college with a 4.0 Grade Point Average. Number one in her class. Her killer was then released a second time, and he is now a fugitive from the law. I've met Sarah's beautiful family. But to this Administration, their amazing daughter was just one more American life that wasn't worth protecting. No more.

One more child to sacrifice on the order and on the altar of open borders.

What about our economy? Again, I will tell you the plain facts that have been edited out of your nightly news and your morning newspaper: Nearly 4 in 10 African-American children are living in poverty, while 58% of African-American youth are now not employed.

2 million more Latinos are in poverty today than when President Obama took his oath of office less than eight years ago.

Another 14 million people have left the workforce entirely.

Household incomes are down more than $4,000 since the year 2000. That's sixteen years ago.

Our trade deficit has reached an all-time high think of this, think of this, our trade deficit is nearly $800 billion, think of that, 800 billion dollars, last year alone. We're going to fix that.

The budget is no better. President Obama has almost doubled our national debt to more than $19 trillion, and growing. And yet, what do we have to show for it? Our roads and bridges are falling apart, our airports are Third World condition, and forty-three million Americans are on food stamps.

Now let us consider the state of affairs abroad. Not only have our citizens endured domestic disaster, but they've lived through one international humiliation after another.One after another. We all remember the images of our sailors being forced to their knees by their Iranian captors at gunpoint. This was just prior to the signing of the Iran deal, which gave back to Iran $150 billion and gave us absolutely nothing – it will go down in history as one of the worst deals ever negotiated.

Another humiliation came when president Obama drew a red line in Syria – and the whole world knew it meant absolutely nothing. In Libya, our consulate – the symbol of American prestige around the globe – was brought down in flames.

America is far less safe – and the world is far less stable – than when Obama made the decision to put Hillary Clinton in charge of America's foreign policy.

Let's defeat her in November, okay?

I am certain that it was a decision that President Obama truly regrets.

Her bad instincts and her bad judgment – something pointed out by Bernie Sanders – are what caused so many of the disasters unfolding today. Let's review the record.

In 2009, pre-Hillary, ISIS was not even on the map. Libya was stable. Egypt was peaceful. Iraq was seeing and really a big big reduction in violence. Iran was being choked by sanctions. Syria was somewhat under control. After four years of Hillary Clinton, what do we have? ISIS has spread across the region, and the entire world. Libya is in ruins, and our Ambassador and his staff were left helpless to die at the hands of savage killers. Egypt was turned over to the radical Muslim brotherhood, forcing the military to retake control. Iraq is in chaos. Iran is on the path to nuclear weapons. Syria is engulfed in a civil war and a refugee crisis, now threatens the West. After fifteen years of wars in the Middle East, after trillions of dollars spent and thousands of lives lost, the situation is worse than it has ever been before. This is the legacy of Hillary Clinton: death, destruction, terrorism, and weakness. But Hillary Clinton's legacy does not have to be America's legacy.

The problems we face now – poverty and violence at home, war and destruction abroad – will last only as long as we continue relying on the same politicians who created them in the first place.

A change in leadership is required to produce a change in outcomes.

Tonight, I will share with you my plan for action for America. The most important difference between our plan and that of our opponents, is that our plan will put America First.

Americanism, not globalism, will be our credo. As long as we are led by politicians who will not put America First, then we can be assured that other nations will not treat America with respect. The respect that we deserve.

The American People will come first once again.

My plan will begin with safety at home – which means safe neighborhoods, secure borders, and protection from terrorism. There can be no prosperity without law and order.

On the economy, I will outline reforms to add millions of new jobs and trillions in new wealth that can be used to rebuild America.

A number of these reforms that I will outline tonight will be opposed by some of our nation's most powerful special interests. That's because these interests have rigged our political and economic system for their exclusive benefit. Believe me. It's for their benefit.

Big business, elite media and major donors are lining up behind the campaign of my opponent because they know she will keep our rigged system in place.

They are throwing money at her because they have total control over everything single thing she does. She is their puppet, and they pull the strings.

That is why Hillary Clinton's message is that things will never change. Never ever.

My message is that things have to change – and they have to change right now.

Every day I wake up determined to deliver a better life for the people all across this nation that have been neglected, ignored, and abandoned. I have visited the laid-off factory workers, and the communities crushed by our horrible and unfair trade deals. These are the forgotten men and women of our country. And they are forgotten. But they're not going to be forgotten long.

These are people who work hard but no longer have a voice. I am your voice.

I have embraced crying mothers who have lost their children because our politicians put their personal agendas before the national good. I have no patience for injustice -

How great are our police! And how great is Cleveland?

I have no patience for injustice. No tolerance for government incompetence of which there is so much, no sympathy for leaders who fail their citizens. When innocent people suffer, because our political system lacks the will, or the courage, or the basic decency to enforce our laws – or still worse, has sold out to some corporate lobbyist for cash – I am not able to look the other way. And I won't look the other way.

And when a Secretary of State illegally stores her emails on a private server, deletes 33,000 of them so the authorities can't see her crime, puts our country at risk, lies about it in every different form and faces no consequence – I know that corruption has reached a level like never ever before in our country.

When the FBI Director says that the Secretary of State was ""extremely careless"" and ""negligent,"" in handling our classified secrets, I also know that these terms are minor compared to what she actually did.

They were just used to save her from facing justice for her terrible, terrible crimes.

In fact, her single greatest accomplishment may be committing such egregious crime and getting away with it – especially when others who have done far less, have paid so dearly. When that same Secretary of State rakes in millions and millions of dollars trading access and favors to special interests and foreign powers I know the time for action has come.

I have joined the political arena so that the powerful can no longer beat up on people who cannot defend themselves.

Nobody knows the system better than me.

Which is why I alone can fix it.

I have seen firsthand how the system is rigged against our citizens, just like it was rigged against Bernie Sanders – he never had a chance. Never had a chance. But his supporters will join our movement, because we will fix his biggest single issue: trade deals that strip our country of its jobs and strip us of our wealth as a country.

Millions of Democrats will join our movement, because we are going to fix the system so it works fairly and justly for all Americans.

In this cause, I am proud to have at my side the next Vice President of the United States: Governor Mike Pence of Indiana. And a great guy.

We will bring the same economic success to America that Mike brought to Indiana. Which is amazing.

He's a man of character and accomplishment. He's the man for the job.

The first task for our new Administration will be to liberate our citizens from the crime and terrorism and lawlessness that threatens our community. America was shocked to its core when our police officers in Dallas were so brutally executed. Immediately after Dallas, we have seen continued threats and violence against our law enforcement officials. Law officers have been shot or killed in recent days in Georgia, Missouri, Wisconsin, Kansas, Michigan and Tennessee.

On Sunday, more police were gunned down in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. Three were killed, and three were very, very badly injured. An attack on law enforcement is an attack on all Americans.

I have a message to every last person threatening the peace on our streets and the safety of our police: when I take the oath of office next year, I will restore law and order to our country. Believe me. Believe me.

I will work with, and appoint, the best and brightest prosecutors and law enforcement officials to get the job properly done.

In this race for the White House, I am the Law And Order candidate.

The irresponsible rhetoric of our President, who has used the pulpit of the presidency to divide us by race and color, has made America a more dangerous environment that frankly that I have ever seen of anybody in this room has ever watched or seen.

This Administration has failed America's inner cities. Remember, it has failed America's inner cities. It's failed them on education. It's failed them on jobs. It's failed them on crime. It's failed them in every way and at every single level. When I am President, I will work to ensure that all of our kids are treated equally, and protected equally.

Every action I take, I will ask myself: does this make better for young Americans in Baltimore, in Chicago, in Detroit, in Ferguson who have really, in every way folks, the same right to live out their dreams as any other child in America? Any other child.

To make life safe for all of our citizens, we must also address the growing threats from outside the country. We are going to defeat the barbarians of ISIS and we're going to defeat them fast.

Once again, France is the victim of brutal Islamic terrorism. Men, women and children viciously mowed down. Lives ruined. Families ripped apart. A nation in mourning. The damage and devastation that can be inflicted by Islamic radicals has been proven over and over – at the World Trade Center, at an office party in San Bernardino, at the Boston Marathon, at a military recruiting center in Chattanooga, Tennessee. And many many other locations.

Only weeks ago, in Orlando, Florida, 49 wonderful Americans were savagely murdered by an Islamic terrorist. This time, the terrorist targeted LGBTQ community. No good, and we're going to stop it.

As your President, I will do everything in my power to protect our LGBTQ citizens from the violence and oppression of a hateful foreign ideology. Believe me.

And I have to say as a Republican it is so nice to hear you cheering for what I just said. Thank you.

To protect us from terrorism, we need to focus on three things. We must have the best, absolutely the best gathering of intelligence anywhere in the world. The best. We must abandon the failed policy of nation building and regime change that Hillary Clinton pushed in Iraq, in Libya, in Egypt and in Syria. Instead, we must work with all of our allies who share our goal of destroying ISIS and stamping out Islamic terrorism and doing it now, doing it quickly. We're going to win. We're going to win fast.

This includes working with our greatest ally in the region, the State of Israel.

Recently, I have said NATO is obsolete because it did not properly cover terror. And also that many of the member countries were not paying their fair share. As usual, the United States has been picking up the costs. Shortly thereafter, it was announced that NATO will be setting up a new program in order to combat terrorism. A true step in the right direction.

Lastly, and very importantly, we must immediately suspend immigration from any nation that has been compromised by terrorism until such time as proven vetting mechanisms have been put in place. We don't want them in our country.

My opponent has called for a radical 550% increase in Syrian, think of this. Think of this, this is not believable but this is what's happening. A 550 percent increase in Syrian refugees on top of existing massive refugee flows coming into our country already under the leadership of President Obama.

She proposes this despite the fact that there's no way to screen these refugees in order to find out who they are or where they come from.

I only want to admit individuals into our country who will support our values and love our people.

Anyone who endorses violence, hatred or oppression is not welcome in our country and never ever will be.

Decades of record immigration have produced lower wages and higher unemployment for our citizens, especially for African-American and Latino workers. We are going to have an immigration system that works, but one that works for the American people.

On Monday, we heard from three parents whose children were killed by illegal immigrants: Mary Ann Mendoza, Sabine Durden, and my friend Jamiel Shaw. They are just three brave representatives of many thousands who have suffered so greatly. Of all my travels in this country, nothing has affected me more, nothing even close I have to tell you, than the time I have spent with the mothers and fathers who have lost their children to violence spilling across our borders which we can solve. We have to solve it.

These families have no special interests to represent them. There are no demonstrators to protect them and certainly none to protest on their behalf. My opponent will never meet with them, or share in their pain. Believe me. Instead, my opponent wants Sanctuary Cities.

But where was the sanctuary for Kate Steinle?

Where was the Sanctuary for the children of Mary Ann, and Sabine and Jamiel? Where was sanctuary for all the other, it's so sad to even be talking about it, because we can solve this problem so quickly. Where was the sanctuary for all of the Americans who have been so brutally murdered, and who have suffered so horribly? These wounded American families have been alone. But they are not alone any longer.

Tonight, this candidate and the whole nation stand in their corner to support them, to send them our love, and to pledge in their honor that we will save countless more families from suffering and the same awful fate.

We are going to build a great border wall to stop illegal immigration, to stop the gangs and the violence, and to stop the drugs from pouring into our communities.

I have been honored to receive the endorsement of America's Border Patrol Agents.

And will work directly with them to protect the integrity of our lawful, lawful, lawful immigration system. Lawful.

By ending catch-and-release on the border, we will end the cycle of human smuggling and violence. Illegal border crossings will go down. We will stop it, it won't be happening very much anymore. Believe me.

Peace will be restored. By enforcing the rules for millions who overstay their visas, our laws will finally receive the respect that they deserve.

Tonight, I want every American whose demands for immigration security have been denied – and every politician who has denied them – to listen very, very closely to the words I am about to say. On January 20th of 2017, the day I take the oath of office, Americans will finally wake up in a country where the laws of the United States are enforced.

We are going to be considerate and compassionate to everyone. But my greatest compassion will be for our own struggling citizens.

[Editor's note: Trump chanted along with the crowd here.]

My plan is the exact opposite of the radical and dangerous immigration policy of Hillary Clinton. Americans want relief from uncontrolled immigration. Which is what we have now. Communities want relief. Yet Hillary Clinton is proposing mass amnesty, mass immigration, and mass lawlessness.

Her plan will overwhelm your schools and hospitals, further reduce your jobs and wages, and make it harder for recent immigrants to escape the tremendous cycle poverty that they're going through right now and make it almost impossible for them to join the middle class.

I have a different vision for our workers. It begins with a new, fair trade policy that protects our jobs and stands up to countries that cheat. Of which there are many.

It's been a signature message of my campaign from day one, and it will be a signature feature of my presidency from the moment I take the oath of office.

I have made billions of dollars in business making deals – now I'm going to make our country rich again.

Using the greatest business people in the world, which our country has, I am going to turn our bad trade agreements into great trade agreements.

America has lost nearly-one third of its manufacturing jobs since 1997, following the enactment of disastrous trade deals supported by Bill and Hillary Clinton. Remember, it was Bill Clinton who signed NAFTA, one of the worst economic deals ever made by our country. Or frankly, any other country. Never ever again.

I am going to bring our jobs back to Ohio and Pennsylvania, and New York, and Michigan, and all of America – and I am not going to let companies move to other countries, firing their employees along the way, without consequence. Not going to happen anymore.

My opponent, on the other hand, has supported virtually every trade agreement that has been destroying our middle class. She supported NAFTA, and she supported China's entrance into the World Trade Organization – another one of her husband's colossal mistakes and disasters.

She supported the job-killing trade deal with South Korea. She supported the Trans-Pacific Partnership. Which will not only destroy our manufacturers, but will make America subject to the rulings of foreign governments. And it's not going to happen.

I pledge to never sign any trade agreement that hurts our workers or that diminishes our freedom or independence. We will never sign bad trade deals. America First again. America First.

Instead, I will make individual deals with individual countries. No longer will we enter into these massive transactions, with many countries, that are thousands of pages long – and which no one from our country even reads or understands.

We are going to enforce all trade violations, against any country that cheats.

This includes stopping China's outrageous theft of intellectual property, along with their illegal product dumping, and their devastating currency manipulation. They are the greatest that ever came about. They are the greatest currency manipulators ever.

Our horrible trade agreements with China and many others will be totally renegotiated. That includes renegotiating NAFTA to get a much better deal for America – and we'll walk away if we don't get that kind of a deal.

Our country is going to start building and making things again.

Next comes the reform of our tax laws, regulations and energy rules. While Hillary Clinton plans a massive, and I mean massive, tax increase, I have proposed the largest tax reduction of any candidate who has run for the president this year – Democrat or Republican.

Middle-income Americans and businesses will experience profound relief, and taxes will be greatly simplified for everyone. I mean everyone.

America is one of the highest-taxed nations in the world.

Reducing taxes will cause new companies and new jobs to come roaring back into our country. Believe me, it'll happen and it'll happen fast.

Then we are going to deal with the issue of regulation, one of the greatest job-killers of them all. Excessive regulation is costing our country as much as $2 trillion a year, and we will end it very, very quickly.

We are going to lift the restrictions on the production of American energy.

This will produce more than $20 trillion in job-creating economic activity over the next four decades. My opponent, on the other hand, wants to put the great miners and the great steelworkers of our country out of work and out of business – that will never happen with Donald J Trump as president. Our steelworkers and our miners are going back to work again.

With these new economic policies, trillions and trillions of dollars will start flowing into our country. This new wealth will improve the quality of life for all Americans – We will build the roads, highways, bridges, tunnels, airports, and the railways of tomorrow. This, in turn, will create millions of more jobs. We will rescue kids from failing schools by helping their parents send them to a safe school of their choice.

My opponent would rather protect bureaucrats than serve American children. And that's what she's doing. And that's what's she's done. We will repeal and replace disastrous Obamacare.

You will be able to choose your own doctor again.

And we will fix TSA at the airports! Which is a total disaster.

We're going to work with all of our students who are drowning in debt to take the pressure off these young people just starting out in their adult lives. Tremendous problem.

We will completely rebuild our depleted military, and the countries that we protect, at a massive cost to us, will be asked to pay their fair share.

We will take care of our great Veterans like they have never been taken care of before.

My just released 10 point plan has received tremendous veteran support. We will guarantee those who serve this country will be able to visit the doctor or hospital of their choice without waiting five days on a line and dying.

My opponent dismissed the VA scandal. One more sign of how out of touch she really is. We are going to ask every Department Head in government to provide a list of wasteful spending projects that we can eliminate in my first 100 days.

The politicians have talked about this for years, but I'm going to do it.

[Editor's note: Crowd chants ""Yes You Will""]

We are going to appoint justices of the United States Supreme Court who will uphold our laws and our Constitution.

The replacement of our beloved Justice Scalia will be a person of similar views and principles and judicial philosophies. Very important. This will be one of the most important issues decided by this election. My opponent wants to essentially abolish the 2nd amendment.

I, on the other hand, received the early and strong endorsement of the National Rifle Association and will protect the right of all Americans to keep their families safe.

At this moment, I would like to thank the evangelical and religious community because I'll tell you what. Because the support they've given me, and I'm not sure I totally deserve it, has been so amazing. And has had such a big reason for me being here tonight. True. So true.

They have so much to contribute to our politics, yet our laws prevent you from speaking your minds from your own pulpits. An amendment, pushed by Lyndon Johnson, many years ago, threatens religious institutions with a loss of their tax-exempt status if they openly advocate their political views. Their voice has been taken away.

I am going to work very hard to repeal that language and to protect free speech for all Americans.

We can accomplish these great things, and so much more – all we need to do is start believing in ourselves and in our country again. Start believing. It is time to show the whole world that America Is Back – bigger, and better and stronger than ever before.

In this journey, I'm so lucky to have at my side my wife Melania and my wonderful children, Don, Ivanka, Eric, Tiffany, and Barron: you will always be my greatest source of pride and joy. And by the way, Melania and Ivanka, did they do a job.

My Dad, Fred Trump, was the smartest and hardest working man I ever knew. I wonder sometimes what he'd say if he were here to see this, and to see me, tonight.

It's because of him that I learned, from my youngest age, to respect the dignity of work and the dignity of working people.

He was a guy most comfortable in the company of bricklayers, and carpenters, and electricians and I have a lot of that in me also. I love those people.

Then there's my mother, Mary. She was strong, but also warm and fair-minded. She was a truly great mother. She was also one of the most honest and charitable people I have ever known, and a great great judge of character. She could pick 'em out from anywhere.

To my sisters Mary Anne and Elizabeth, my brother Robert and my late brother Fred, I will always give you my love you are most special to me.

I have had a truly great life in business. But now, my sole and exclusive mission is to go to work for our country – to go to work for you. It's time to deliver a victory for the American people. We don't win anymore, but we are going to start winning again.

But to do that, we must break free from the petty politics of the past. America is a nation of believers, dreamers, and strivers that is being led by a group of censors, critics, and cynics.

Remember: all of the people telling you you can't have the country you want, are the same people telling you that wouldn't stand, I mean they said Trump doesn't have a chance of being here tonight. Not a chance. The same people. Oh we love defeating those people. Don't we? Don't we? Love it. Love it. Love it.

No longer can we rely on those same people in the media media, and politics, who will say anything to keep a rigged system in place.

Instead, we must choose to Believe In America. History is watching us now. We don't have much time, but history is watching. It's waiting to see if we will rise to the occasion, and if we will show the whole world that America is still free and independent and strong.

I am asking for your support tonight so I can be your champion in the White House. And I will be your champion.

My opponent asks her supporters to recite a three-word loyalty pledge. It reads: ""I'm With Her"". I choose to recite a different pledge.

My pledge reads: ""I'M WITH YOU – THE AMERICAN PEOPLE.""

I am your voice. So to every parent who dreams for their child, and every child who dreams for their future, I say these words to you tonight: I am With You, and I will fight for you, and I will win for you.

To all Americans tonight, in all of our cities and in all of our towns, I make this promise: We Will Make America Strong Again. We Will Make America Proud Again. We Will Make America Safe Again. And We Will Make America Great Again.

God bless you, and goodnight. I love you.",1
2854,Iraq announces counterattack against ISIS in Anbar province,"Iraq's government announced Tuesday that its military had launched a counterattack aimed at driving the Islamic State terror group out of the western part of Anbar province just days after militants captured the city of Ramadi.

Iraqi state TV announced the start of the operation, which was backed by Sunni and Shiite paramilitary forces, but did not provide further details. The possibility of a large-scale counteroffensive has sparked fears of potential sectarian violence in the Sunni province, long the scene of protests and criticism against the Shiite-led government in Baghdad.

Still, senior U.S. defense officials at the Pentagon pushed back on the reports Tuesday morning that the counterattack had begun. Two sources described the actions as ""shaping operations"" -- or battlefield preparations -- at this stage.

Pentagon spokesman Col. Steve Warren said this includes airstrikes, and artillery and rocket barrages. ""We welcome the news"" of the counter-offensive, he said.

A spokesman for Iraq's Shiite militias said the operation will ""not last for a long time"" and that Iraqi forces have surrounded the provincial capital, Ramadi, from three sides. Ahmed al-Assadi, who is also a member of parliament, told reporters that new weapons are being used in the battle ""that will surprise the enemy.""

The announcement of the attack came hours after U.S. Vice President Joe Biden spoke to Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi in an effort to smooth over comments made Sunday by Defense Secretary Ash Carter in which he accused Iraqi forces of showing ""no will to fight"" in Ramadi.

A White House statement on Monday describing Biden's call said the vice president welcomed an Iraqi decision to mobilize additional troops and ""prepare for counterattack operations."" Biden also pledged full U.S. support to ""these and other Iraqi efforts to liberate territory from ISIL,"" the statement said, using an acronym for Islamic State, which is commonly known as ISIS.

Saad al-Hadithi, a spokesman for al-Abadi, had said Monday his government was surprised by Carter's comments.

""We should not judge the whole army based on one incident,"" al-Hadithi told The Associated Press.

Al-Hadithi said the Iraqi government believes the fall of Ramadi was due to mismanagement and poor planning by some senior military commanders in charge. However, he did not elaborate, and no action has been taken against those commanders.

The fall of Ramadi marked a major defeat for Iraqi forces, which had been making steady progress against the extremists over the past year with the help of U.S.-led airstrikes.

   Security forces and Sunni militiamen who had been battling the extremists in Ramadi for months collapsed as IS fighters overran the city. The militants gained not only new territory 70 miles west of Baghdad, but also large stocks of weapons abandoned by the government forces as they fled.

Meanwhile, Iranian Gen. Qassim Soleimani was quoted in an Iranian daily newspaper as saying that the U.S. didn't do a ""damn thing"" to stop the ISIS advance on Ramadi, adding that Iran and its allies are the only forces that can deal with the threat.

""Today, there is nobody in confrontation with (ISIS) except the Islamic Republic of Iran, as well as nations who are next to Iran or supported by Iran,"" he said.

Fox News' Lucas Tomlinson and The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
2079,Obama pledges faster action on new icebreakers to keep up in Arctic,"President Obama wants to accelerate by two years plans to acquire a new icebreaker and will ask Congress for money to build additional ones for the Coast Guard, in an effort to keep up with ship traffic that is increasing as the Arctic waters off Alaska grow warmer.

The president also said the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) and the Coast Guard will map and chart waters of the Bering, Chukchi and Beaufort seas, for which existing maps and charts are nonexistent or outdated.

The moves are nods toward Alaskan leaders — including Republican Sens. Lisa Murkowski and Dan Sullivan — who have been urging the administration to bolster the paltry ability of the Coast Guard to monitor the largest state’s 6,640-mile coastline.

The announcement late Monday night was an acknowledgment that the United States has fallen behind other nations, especially Russia, which possesses 40 icebreakers and has plans to add at least 11 more.

The White House said that after World War II, the United States had seven icebreakers in its fleet — four under the Navy and three under the Coast Guard. Today, the United States has only two fully functional icebreakers, and just one is a heavy-duty icebreaker.

The acquisition of a new icebreaker would happen in 2020 instead of 2022.

The announcements Monday night — after the president’s speech to senior ministers from Arctic nations — were also an acknowledgment that climate change is prompting a scramble for the rights to develop the Arctic’s largely untapped reserves of oil, natural gas and minerals. In 2014, the first unescorted commercial vessel to transit the Northwest Passage delivered to China a cargo of nickel ore mined in the Arctic off northern Quebec.

Even if the United States does not permit large-scale mining or exploration in Alaska, the state’s shores could be threatened by spills, leaks or other accidents from the activities of other nations.

“The growth of human activity in the Arctic region will require highly engaged stewardship to maintain the open seas necessary for global commerce and scientific research, allow for search and rescue activities, and provide for regional peace and stability,” the White House said in a statement. “Accordingly, meeting these challenges requires the United States to develop and maintain capacity for year-round access to greater expanses within polar regions.”

Alaska’s leaders said Obama’s announcement will have to be judged by the amount of funding the president can line up. Murkowski said the $4 million in last year’s federal budget “doesn’t even buy you a porthole.” The current budget includes $8 million, she said.

“Do we need icebreakers? Yes. Did we need them yesterday? Yes,” Murkowski said.

The state of Alaska has a long wish list for the Obama administration. Sullivan, a freshman senator, said he has been pressing the Pentagon not to go ahead with a proposal to cut one of two 5,000-member Arctic combat brigades.

Sullivan also wants federal agencies to speed up permit approvals for a much-discussed pipeline for natural gas, which can be liquefied and shipped to China or Japan.

Some Alaskan lawmakers are seeking broadband access in small villages across the state. And Gov. Bill Walker, a longtime Republican who won election as an independent, has told Obama that four communities need to escape coastal hardships intensified by climate change.

[Obama can rename Mount McKinley Denali — but he can’t stop its loss of ice]

On Tuesday, Obama visited the Exit Glacier, which has receded 1.25 miles since 1815 — 187 feet last year alone. “This is as good of a signpost of what we’re dealing with it comes to climate change as just about anything,” the president said.

Standing in front of a gravelly creek bed, he said that when glaciers melt, the water runs to the ocean and raises sea levels, altering the surrounding flora and fauna.

“It is spectacular, though,” he said. “We want to make sure that our grandkids can see this.”

He said his hike “beats being in the office.”

Obama’s announcement about the icebreakers Monday night came after he finished an impassioned appeal to top officials from Arctic nations to do more about climate change.

In his speech, he talked about a cycle of warming temperatures, melting permafrost and wildfires as a negative feedback loop, and he tried to infuse the audience with a sense of urgency.

“The point is that climate change is no longer some far-off problem. It is happening here. It is happening now,” he said.

“Our understanding of climate change advances each day,” he added. “The science is stark. It is sharpening. It proves that this once-distant threat is now very much in the present.”

Obama did not, however, put forward any major new plans on the climate front, whether for Alaska or for world leaders. That disappointed Murkowski.

“What do we do, and how do we do so in a way that would make a difference for the people of Alaska?” she asked after the speech. “What specifics do you have? We didn’t hear that. We just heard a call to action.”

But it was a rousing call to action. Obama took aim at those who doubt that humans are spurring climate change, saying that they are “on their own shrinking island.”

He also said people overestimate the damage that mitigation measures would do to their economies.

“The notion is somehow this will curb our economic growth. And at a time when people are anxious about the economy, that’s an argument oftentimes for inaction,” he said. “The irony, of course . . . is that few things will disrupt our lives as profoundly as climate change. Few things can have as negative an impact on our economy as climate change.”

He painted the future as grim if nations fail to moderate the climate trends. Among the results, he said: “Submerged countries. Abandoned cities. Fields no longer growing. . . . Desperate refugees seeking the sanctuary of nations not their own.”

The president warned, “We will condemn our children to a planet beyond their capacity to repair.”",1
3350,US flag flies again in Cuba: How much real change is coming to the country? (+video),"On Friday, the American flag was raised over the reopened US Embassy in Havana for the first time in 54 years.

A man chats on his mobile phone, close to a pair of Cuban and US flags strapped to a bicycle taxi, at a public Wi-Fi hotspot in Havana, Wednesday, Aug. 12, 2015. The US embassy in Cuba will hold a ceremony on Friday, Aug. 14, to raise the US flag, to mark its reopening on Havana’s historic waterfront.

People sit with US flags outside the US embassy in Havana, August 14, 2015. US Secretary of State John Kerry travels to Cuba on Friday to raise the US flag at the recently restored American embassy in Havana, another symbolic step in the thawing of relations between the two Cold War-era foes.

US Marines raise the US flag while being watched over by US Secretary of State John Kerry (r.) at the US embassy in Havana, August 14, 2015. US Marines raised the American flag at the embassy in Cuba for the first time in 54 years on Friday, symbolically ushering in an era of renewed diplomatic relations between the two Cold War-era foes.

When Secretary of State John Kerry raises the Stars and Stripes over the reopened US Embassy in Havana Friday, there will no longer be a menacing billboard blaring an anti-imperialist message from across the street.

And no longer will Cuban security authorities be taking down the name of every Cuban citizen entering the American diplomatic mission – as happened for years until the two long-estranged governments reopened their respective embassies last month.

But as symbolically significant as Friday’s ceremony along Havana’s waterfront Malecón will be – it will be the first visit to Cuba by a secretary of State since 1945 – it remains unclear how much real change the warm-up in US-Cuba relations will bring.

For both bilateral government relations and the Cuban people, experts in US-Cuba relations predict change will occur, but will be slow.

“Cuba is changing, but that change is not happening fast enough. Cuba needs to speed up the process of change,” says Carlos Saladrigas, chairman of the Cuba Study Group, an organization of Cuban-Americans supporting President Obama’s opening to Cuba.

Change, he says, will be slowed by drags on the process both from inside Cuba and from the United States. The US embargo, which can be lifted only by Congress, will continue to act as a brake on change, he says, even as the Cuban government’s fears of losing control of the country’s political and economic evolution join in slowing things down.

“Cuba cannot change as long as the embargo is in force,” says Mr. Saladrigas, who blames the trade impediment for limiting the ability of US businesses to interact with Cubans and encourage their entrepreneurial spirit.

He also blames a timid and wary Cuban government for the slow pace of change. Noting that the communist government’s much-ballyhooed list of allowed private-sector self-employment activities has not changed in four years, he says, “That’s been a disappointment.... You cannot ignite an economy by going so slow.”

Evidence that the US also intends to go slow in pressing for change in Cuba could be found in Friday’s agenda.

Secretary Kerry’s day in Havana is expected to be heavy on symbolism yet cautious in terms of its political engagement with Cubans. The US has not invited to Friday’s flag-raising ceremony any of the political dissidents it has worked with for years to foster political change in Cuba, State Department officials confirmed Wednesday.

In interviews this week, Kerry characterized the ceremony as a “government-to-government” affair that wouldn’t have the space to accommodate everyone. He said he would meet later in the day with dissidents and human rights groups.

Kerry is now expected to hold a separate flag-raising ceremony with human rights advocates and other representatives of Cuban civil society at the residence of the Embassy’s chief of mission.

State Department officials said the two-ceremony solution would avoid the prospect of Cuban government officials boycotting the Embassy ceremony – a slap that would have gotten reestablished relations off to a sour start.

But critics of Mr. Obama’s normalization of relations with Cuba quickly jumped on the relegation of dissidents to a side ceremony as further proof of what they see as the administration’s willingness to bend over backward to meet Cuban government demands.

“Cuban dissidents are the legitimate representatives of the Cuban people and it is they who deserve America’s red carpet treatment, not Castro regime officials,” Republican presidential candidate and Florida Sen. Marco Rubio said in a statement Wednesday. He called Kerry’s arrangement for a separate low-key meeting with dissidents a “slap in the face” to Cuba’s democracy advocates.

The sanitized guest list at the Embassy’s flag-raising ceremony may ensure attendance by high-level Cuban officials, but that does not mean the Cuban government has gotten over its suspicions of US intentions, say some Cuban experts close to the government’s thinking.

A sizable share of the Cuban government and political elite suspects that the heralded Obama opening to Cuba is really only a “change in tactics,” says Carlos Alzugaray Treto, a professor at the University of Havana’s Center for Hemispheric and United States Studies.

The fear is that the new US approach to Cuba is still about “regime change,” he says, only now it’s in seductive clothing. “Politically it’s like the Roberta Flack song, it’s ‘Killing me softly with [your] song,’ ” says Professor Alzugaray, who like Saladrigas spoke Thursday on a conference call arranged by the Wilson Center in Washington.

The mantra for that part of the government is, “We cannot trust these guys,” Alzugaray says. Reinforcing that sector’s skepticism is a continuation of what the former Cuban diplomat calls “subversive policies towards Cuba,” including US government TV and radio broadcasts into Cuba, the US military base on Cuban territory at Guantánamo, and especially the embargo.

“The embargo is the symbol of the regime-change policy of the US towards Cuba,” he says.

Still, Alzugaray says change is coming to Cuba, nudged forward by more than just the normalization of relations with the US. Other “big change elements” at work, he says, are a continuing transition to a new economic model and the country’s “generational transition” – from the generation of the revolution to a much younger generation.

Those forces will also usher in new pressures for political change and an “expansion of the democratic bases of Cuban society,” Alzugaray says.

But those pressures for change will continue to be restrained by the decades-old “siege mentality” in Cuba engendered by the US trade embargo. So his advice to Americans who want to see change in Cuba? Lift the embargo.

“If you lift that,” he says, “there will be more stimulus for a debate in Cuba.”",1
2663,"Normalizing Trump, demonizing Hillary: The media’s shameful strategy for the 2016 election","One of the most vexing challenges of the Trump phenomenon is how the press should deal with it. There’s never been anything quite like it and journalism is having to try to navigate this campaign as the rules are being rewritten on the fly. Back in the beginning,  The Huffington Post had tried to keep the whole thing in perspective by relegating the campaign to their entertainment pages but eventually had to move it back to the politics section when it became clear that Republican voters were actually taking Trump seriously. Today they cover him like a normal politician but append a standard disclaimer at the end of their articles about him pointing out that he’s an extremist with noxious views.

Trump has brought the tabloids into the race already, with his good friend David Pecker, the publisher of the National Enquirer, helpfully providing smears of his rival Ted Cruz during the primary. Now Pecker has hired notorious Clinton hater Dick Morris as the Enquirer’s chief political correspondent so it’s likely Trump will be fed a steady diet of tabloid tid-bits which he will undoubtedly share with his adoring fans. So far, the mainstream media has resisted the temptation to run with Clinton gossip stories mainly because there’s so much coming over the transom about Trump. But they are out there and are likely to seep into the coverage as the Hillary smear industry gets up and running. There’s nothing new in that but Trump is a master of tabloid media so we can probably expect this to play a different role than it has in the past.

TV news organizations, meanwhile, have been notorious for allowing Trump to flout their rules. They happily let him call in rather than appear on camera and give him hours of airtime in the hope that he’ll say something news worthy which, to be honest, he often does. His lies and reversals are so constant and so blatant that reporters seem to be almost paralyzed as he slithers and slides out of their grasp. He is sui generis and nobody knows quite what to do about it.

Media critics have been weighing in recently as the situation has become acute. NPR’s “On the Media” correspondent Bob Garfield has been particularly vociferous lately imploring the media to recognize the threat that Donald Trump poses to America. In this column he takes them to task for covering the Trump candidacy “like a bemused recap of House of Cards.” He wrote:

The rapacious CBS Chairman Les Moonves and the cable-newslike channels are delighted at the spectacle; disaster is always great for ratings. But this is not a show, to be consumed and titillated by and parsed. It is a conflagration of hatred and authoritarianism on its way to consuming us, or at least that which makes us us. Trumpism is raging out of control and the Fourth Estate responds how? By going through the motions. The usual false balance. The usual staged cable bickering. The usual dry contextual analysis. The usual intermittent truth-squading to garnish our careless daily servings of uncontested hate speech, incitement and manifest lies. The usual reluctance to “be part of the story” — which, in fact, we are inextricably part of because we in large measure created it by giving oxygen to his every incendiary outrage and being our soundbitten, compulsively enabling selves…[the]reflexive focus on the latest development, the political ebb and flow and the architecture of the coming election simply buries the lede — that the man is monstrously unfit and un-American — and normalizes the grossly, tragically abnormal.

And then he tells them what he really thinks which is that they are falling into the trap of false equivalence between the parties, fear of right-wing pressure and a reluctance to call a fascist a fascist.

Margaret Sullivan, former NY Times ombudsman and current media columnist for The Washington Post has similar concerns, particularly the notion that the media is pursuing a “false equivalence” rather than simple truth-telling:

[T]his perceived need to push for “fairness” for Trump — as if he has been mistreated or put at a disadvantage — baffles me. Trump gets far more media attention than other candidates, if only because he says such outrageous things, commanding the daily news cycle over and over. Wayne Barrett, the investigative reporter who has been covering Trump for 40 years (and whose reporting brought about Trump’s first federal grand jury investigation) told me in an interview: “The great failing is not in print media. But the campaigns occur on the screen.”… Many hard-hitting stories from the New York Times, The Washington Post, the Daily Beast and elsewhere have received little follow-up on TV — “not one minute of air time that I’ve seen” — but the slightest hint of a new angle on Hillary Clinton’s email practices can occupy most of a news cycle. (An exception was TV’s attention, last week, to complaints about Trump University.) Jay Rosen, the New York University professor and author of the PressThink blog, is concerned about how this concept of fairness might play out. “Does it mean ‘we can’t take sides,’ or does it mean ‘let’s treat unequal things equally’?” The latter, which he called “distortion toward the middle,” ought to be prevented, he said.

The Nation’s Eric Alterman wrote about the print media’s propensity for false equivalence as well, focusing particularly on the New York Times: From the earliest days of this campaign, Times reporters have been transparently eager to blame “both sides,” often regardless of circumstance. Last November, Times reporter Michael Barbaro devoted a lengthy article to the GOP candidates’ most brazen lies, albeit one filled with euphemisms for the word “lie.” Carly Fiorina “refused” to back down from a story about Planned Parenthood that was “roundly disputed,” he wrote. Ben Carson “harshly turned the questions” about inconsistencies in his life story “back on the reporters who asked them.” Donald Trump “utters plenty of refutable claims” and “set the tone for the embroidery” by creating “an entirely new category of overstatement in American politics.” But guess what? “The tendency to bend facts is bipartisan.” How do we know? Well, Gary Hart and Bill Clinton chose not to confess their infidelities to the nation during election cycles that took place a generation ago. And apparently Hillary Clinton once mistakenly described herself as being the granddaughter of four immigrants when, in fact, her paternal grandmother was born shortly after her family arrived in the United States—an error she quickly corrected. Barbaro also found Clinton’s explanations about her personal and State Department e-mail accounts to be unsatisfactory. He wrote that she had “used multiple devices, like an iPad, to read and send e-mail,” even though she’d said she “preferred” to read them all on a single device. He failed to note that the iPad didn’t even exist when Clinton set up her e-mail account, nor did he explain why expressing a preference counts as bending the truth Here is an example of false equivalence from just this week. Nobody has done more to probe Donald Trump’s noxious views than CNN’s Jake Tapper. His grilling of the candidate over his bigoted comments about the federal judge overseeing his Trump University lawsuit in California was as good as it gets and he received many kudos for his aggressive journalism. He continued to report on Trump on his show Monday but also featured this harsh criticism of Hillary Clinton in which he lambasted the State Department’s stated inability to release emails pertaining to her work on the Trans Pacific Partnership trade deal to reporter David Sirota until after the election. He took on a very aggressive tone, editorializing about the importance of releasing this important information when people are deciding whether to vote for Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump.  However, he notes that while Clinton was President Obama’s Secretary of State she openly advocated for the deal in glowing terms, even calling it the “gold standard”, facts which have been known for years and have been well hashed out on the campaign trail and in the debates with Bernie Sanders. Now she says she has changed her mind and is against the deal. Politifact called it a flip-flop. So what exactly do they think they will learn about her position that they don’t already know? Maybe she was more involved than she says she was, which would be interesting, but somewhat meaningless since we know she advocated strongly for it all over the world. In the end, you either believe she’s really changed her mind or you don’t and these documents from years ago will not shed any new light on that. And yet the implication was that Clinton was up to something nefarious with those “damn emails” again. I don’t mean to pick on Tapper. He’s a great journalist, one of the best on cable news. The temptation to try to “even things out” with this sort of coverage has to be overwhelming when a personality like Trump dominates the coverage the way he does. It must feel to a straight mainstream journalist as if they’re piling on him every day and it looks like they’re being partisan and unfair. Certainly the right wing is accusing them of that non-stop — as they have been for more than 30 years. But the result of this “distortion toward the middle”  as Jay Rosen calls it, has the perverse effect of normalizing Trump and pathologizing Clinton in a way that equalizes them to Trump’s advantage. There is no equivalence between them. He is an unqualified, unfit, unhinged authoritarian demagogue and she is a mainstream Democratic party politician.  Let’s hope the press listens to some of these critics and does a serious gut check whenever they are tempted to “balance” the coverage in this election by going easy on Trump and hard on Clinton. It’s dangerous.",1
3061,The Problems With Facebook’s Polarization Study,"Yesterday, Facebook released a study in Science that pushed back on the idea of the “filter bubble“: that social media creates a kind of echo chamber in which users never see arguments from the other side, helping to insulate those users from substantive political debate. Taken to its extreme, the Filter Bubble might almost completely close users off to new ideas and information, leaving them in a digital world where their viewpoints go ever unchallenged — and contributing to political polarization.

“Facebook Use Polarizing? Site Begs to Differ,” the New York Times headline read. “You would think that if there was an echo chamber, you would not be exposed to any conflicting information,” a data scientist who worked on the study said, “but that’s not the case here.”

But looking at the study, I came to very different conclusions. It absolutely shows that the “filter bubble” exists among some users, and that Facebook and its algorithms play a significant role in creating that bubble. But I can only make that claim about a small number of users that are likely not at all representative of the broader Facebook population, because Facebook relied on such an unusual sample of its users. In other words, despite the buzz this study is getting, we still don’t have a very good sense of how Facebook and other social-media services might or might not contribute to polarization.

As pointed out by Nathan Jurgenson, the study only looks at people who self-identify their political orientation on the site. That means it only examines 9 percent of users, a number you’d only see if you read through the appendix, he notes. It also only looks at Facebook users who log in four to seven days a week, and who meet a few other criteria as well. That nudges the proportion of users examined in the study down to just 4 percent, or about 10 million users.

Are those 4 percent of users representative of Facebook’s user base as a whole? Well, they aren’t randomly sampled. We know that identifying your political affiliation is a fairly rare behavior, given that fewer than one in ten users bothers to do so. My guess is that those users are much more politically engaged and likely much more partisan than the average user, and that’s probably going to affect what they click on and whom they are friends with. But how and how much that matters, I cannot say.

There could also be something different about those Facebook users who log in frequently — maybe they post more or leave more comments. Again, we don’t know. But the point is that if you want to make any broad conclusions about a big population based on a study, you need a random, representative sample. You can’t survey three rich guys in Greenwich and declare that “America’s” favorite food is caviar.

Social-media experts and data scientists are taking Facebook to task for not making all this clearer. “At first, I read this quickly and I took this to mean that out of the at least 200 million Americans who have used Facebook, the researchers selected a ‘large’ sample that was representative of Facebook users,” writes Christian Sandvig of the University of Michigan. “The ‘limitations’ section discusses the demographics of ‘Facebook’s users,’ as would be the normal thing to do if they were sampled. There is no information about the selection procedure in the article itself.”

But even setting aside the sample issues, the study clearly does not show that those unusual users are exposed to a diverse set of viewpoints, nudged along by the Facebook algorithm. It shows that they see a fairly skewed set of viewpoints, with the Facebook algorithm contributing to the skew. Facebook filters out about 1 in 20 “cross-cutting” hard-news stories for conservatives and about 1 in 13 “cross-cutting” hard-news stories for liberals.

Facebook attempts to distance itself from filter-bubble accusations by noting that individuals isolate themselves, too, with self-identified conservatives clicking on 17 percent fewer “cross-cutting” news stories than would be expected if they clicked at random, and liberals, 6 percent fewer. The company used that finding to argue that it plays less of a role than individuals themselves. But that’s only true for conservatives — not for liberals.

And it’s not clear that Facebook can or should be arguing that it plays a smaller filtering role than individuals, given how the study was conducted in the first place and given that the two findings do not seem directly comparable. “I cannot remember a worse apples to oranges comparison I’ve seen recently, especially since these two dynamics, algorithmic suppression and individual choice, have cumulative effects,” writes Zeynep Tufekci of the University of North Carolina.

No, the filter bubble feels like a very real phenomenon, and Facebook has just shown that for some users, it contributes to it. On social media, we hear what we want to hear, see what we want to see, and click what we want to click. Don’t let Facebook tell you otherwise.",1
4103,Michelle Obama reflects on pressure she felt in '08,"Speaking at Tuskegee University in Alabama, Obama told the audience that when her husband was running for office in 2008, she faced questions which she said were not typical for other candidates' wives.

""As potentially the first African-American first lady, I was also the focus of another set of questions and speculations, conversations sometimes rooted in the fears and misperceptions of others,"" she told the class of 2015. ""Was I too loud or too emasculating? Or was I too soft? Too much of a mom and not enough of a career woman?""

Obama referenced the cover of the July 2008 issue of The New Yorker, in which Obama was depicted with her husband as terrorist enemies of the United States.

""Then there was the first time I was on a magazine cover. It was a cartoon drawing of me with a huge afro and a machine gun. Now, yeah, it was satire, but if I'm really being honest, it knocked me back a bit. It made me wonder 'just how are people seeing me?'""

In her nearly 30-minute speech, the first lady recalled other particularly tough moments, including being referred to on Fox News as her ""husband's crony of color"" and ""Obama's baby mama."" She also recalled a moment on the campaign trail when she gave her husband a fist bump to celebrate a primary win, later to be referred to by an anchor on that network as a ""terrorist fist jab."" ""Back in those days, I had a lot of sleepless nights worrying what people thought of me,"" she recalled. Obama added that she let the criticism get to the point where she would wonder if she was hurting her husband's chances of becoming President, while also fearing what her daughters would think. The first lady said eventually the only thing she could do to prevent others from defining her was to ""ignore all of the noise."" ""I had to be true to myself and the rest would work itself out,"" she recounted, to cheers from the audience. Obama also said that once she became first lady and was working on platforms and issues that were important to her she was once again criticized for her choices not ""being bold enough."" ""So I immersed myself in the policy details. I worked with Congress on legislation, gave speeches to CEOs, military generals and Hollywood executives."" Obama said. ""But I also worked to ensure that my efforts would resonate with kids and families -- and that meant doing things in a creative and unconventional way. So, yeah, I planted a garden, and hula-hooped on the White House lawn with kids. I did some mom dancing on TV ... And at the end of the day, by staying true to the me I've always known, I found that this journey has been incredibly freeing."" – In 2010, first lady Michelle Obama started Let's Move!, an initiative to address childhood obesity and help all our kids grow up healthy. Here she participates in musical activities with students in an event at Orr Elementary School in Washington in 2013. – The theme for the fifth year anniversary of Let's Move! is: Celebrate, challenge, champion. The first lady joins in at the Healthy Kids Fair on the South Lawn of the White House in 2009. – Across America, cities, towns and counties are supporting healthy afters-school programs and youth sports leagues. Here kids attend a Let's Move! event at Woldenberg Park in New Orleans in 2010. 

 – Through the initiative, millions of kids are attending healthier day care centers, where fruits and vegetables have replaced cookies and juice. Michelle Obama speaks at a Let's Move! Walmart announcement at The Arc in Washington in 2010. – Nearly 9 million kids participate in the Let's Move! Active Schools program and get 60 minutes of physical activity a day. Nearly 5 million kids will be attending healthier after-school programs in the next five years. The first lady meets with students in New Hampshire Estates Elementary School in Silver Spring, Maryland, in 2010. 

 – The first lady speaks about Let's Move! at the Visitors Center in Red Rock Canyon, Nevada, in 2010. – Childhood obesity rates have finally stopped rising -- and obesity rates are actually falling among our youngest children, according to Let's Move! initiative. The first lady attends the White House Kitchen Garden harvest on the South Lawn in 2010. – While Let's Move! has made strides in helping kids become healthy, the statistics are still daunting. Here she attends a partnership event with Chicago Blackhawks and Washington Capitals players on the South Lawn of the White House in 2011. – First lady Michelle Obama and Ellen DeGeneres dance during a taping of ""The Ellen DeGeneres Show"" marking the second anniversary of Let's Move! in Burbank, California, in 2012. – America still spends nearly $200 billion a year on obesity-related health care costs, and that figure will jump to nearly $350 billion a year by 2018, according to Let's Move! campaign. Michelle Obama visits the Fresh Grocer store in Philadelphia in 2010. – The first lady attends a chef's demonstration with third-grade students from Pocantico Hill School and John F. Kennedy Magnet School, before a luncheon at Blue Hill Farm in Pocantico Hills, New York, in 2010. – First lady says she is committed to giving kids the healthy futures they deserve. Here she works with chefs and students in the White House Kitchen Garden on the South Lawn in 2010. Obama added that she has since learned to focus on her ""own truth,"" and suggested that the graduates of Tuskegee University, a historically black university, will have to do the same in life. She told the graduates they would face hardships in the future, warning that no matter how hard the students work or where they rise to in life, for some people it won't be enough. Obama said this is the fuel for much of the unrest across communities in America, making a reference to some of the racial controversies being played out in several American cities. ""All of that is gonna be a heavy burden to carry. It can feel isolating. It can make you feel like your life somehow doesn't matter ... And as we've seen over the past few years, those feelings are real. They're rooted in decades of structural challenges that have made too many folks feel frustrated and invisible, and those feelings are playing out in communities like Baltimore and Ferguson and so many others across this country,"" Obama said. The first lady concluded by saying that while those feelings are real, they are never an excuse for the graduates to give up or lose hope but instead provide a better example of how to succeed. ""It teaches us that when we pull ourselves out of the emotional depths and we challenge our frustrations into studying and organizing and banding together, then we can build ourselves and our communities up,"" she said. ""We can take on those deep rooted problems, and together, together we can overcome anything."" Actor Robert De Niro addressed the class of 2015 during New York University's Tisch School of the Arts commencement ceremony on May 22, 2015. De Niro, who quit high school to pursue an acting career, told grads: ""You made it — and, you're f—ed."" Click through to see more big-name speakers at universities across the country. Rock star and philanthropist Jon Bon Jovi performs a new song during graduation ceremonies at Rutgers University on May 21. Comedian Maya Rudolph addressed graduates of Tulane University in New Orleans on May 16. First lady Michelle Obama delivered the commencement address at Tuskegee University on May 9. She'll also speak at Oberlin College in Ohio on May 25. President Barack Obama delivered the commencement address at Lake Area Technical Institute in Watertown, South Dakota, on May 8. South Dakota was the last of the 50 states Obama had not visited as president. He also spoke at the U.S. Coast Guard Academy in New London, Connecticut, on May 20. South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley delivered a commencement address at the University of South Carolina in Columbia on May 8. Republican U.S. Sen. Tim Scott also delivered a commencement address at the University of South Carolina on May 9. Oscar-winning actor Anthony Hopkins was the graduation speaker for Pepperdine University's undergraduate Seaver College on May 2. U.S. Secretary of Education Arne Duncan spoke at the Georgia Institute of Technology in Atlanta on May 2. NATO Supreme Allied Commander Europe U.S. Gen. Philip M. Breedlove also spoke at Georgia Tech on May 2. Walter Isaacson, author and president and CEO of the Aspen Institute, was the Senior Day speaker at Vanderbilt University in Nashville on May 7. ""Good Morning America"" anchor Amy Robach addressed graduates from University of Georgia on May 8. Robach is a graduate of the Athens, Georgia, university. Academy Award-winning actor Denzel Washington delivered the commencement speech at Dillard University in New Orleans on May 9. Jason Kilar, the co-founder and CEO of Vessel and founding CEO of Hulu, delivered the commencement address at the University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill on May 10. Kilar graduated from Carolina in 1993. Paul Farmer, right, co-founder of Partners in Health, was the commencement speaker at Duke University in Durham, North Carolina, on May 10. Author and human rights advocate Salman Rushdie spoke at Emory University's commencement in Atlanta on May 11. Filmmaker Ken Burns spoke at the commencement of Washington University in St. Louis on May 15. Actor Matthew McConaughey was the speaker at the University of Houston's commencement ceremony on May 15. The university was initially reluctant to release what McConaughey would be paid for the appearance, The Houston Chronicle reported, but eventually shared the details: $135,000, plus travel fees and commission for his agency. McConaughey is expected to give the money to his jk livin Foundation. Comedian Ed Helms, shown earlier, addressed graduates at the University of Virginia in Charlottesville on May 15. Former U.S. President George W. Bush spoke at commencement at Southern Methodist University in Dallas on May 16. Paralympic skiing medalist, former White House official and author Bonnie St. John addressed graduates at Miami University in Ohio on May 16. Former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright, shown earlier, addressed students at Tufts University on May 16. Former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice spoke at the commencement at William & Mary in Williamsburg, Virginia, on May 16. Journalist Katie Couric, shown at an earlier event, spoke to graduates of the University of Wisconsin in Madison on May 16. Apple CEO Tim Cook delivered the commencement address at George Washington University in Washington on May 17. Craig Melvin, a national correspondent for NBC's ""Today,"" spoke at Wofford University in Spartanburg, South Carolina, on May 17. Melvin is a 2001 Wofford graduate. Actress Stephanie Courtney, known as Flo in commercials for Progressive Insurance, spoke at Binghamton University's commencement on May 17. Courtney graduated from the Binghamton, New York, university in 1992. Lawyer Kenneth Feinberg, who guided the One Fund after the Boston Marathon bombing and the compensation fund for the families of those killed on September 11th, 2001, was the commencement speaker at Stonehill College in Easton, Massachusetts, on May 17. ""Science Guy"" Bill Nye accepted an honorary doctorate degree and spoke to graduates of Rutgers University on May 17. U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations and Pulitzer Prize-winning author Samantha Power spoke at the University of Pennsylvania on May 18. Comedian Stephen Colbert addressed graduates at Wake Forest University in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, on May 18. Former Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick will address graduates at Harvard University on May 28. Film director, screenwriter and producer Christopher Nolan will address graduates of Princeton University in New Jersey during Class Day on June 1. Fareed Zakaria, host of ""GPS"" on CNN, will address graduates of Macaulay Honors College at the City University of New York on June 2. Megan Smith, the chief technology officer of the United States, will give the commencement address at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology on June 5. NBC News Chief Foreign Correspondent Richard Engel will speak at Stanford University's commencement on June 14. Virginia Rometty, chairwoman, president and chief executive officer of IBM, will give the commencement address at Northwestern University in Evanston, Illinois, on June 19.",1
598,California governor signs bill to automatically register people to vote,"Federal laws already allow people across the country the option to register to vote at the DMV. But Oregon and California's laws are pioneering because they do it automatically.

It's hard to overstate how novel this concept is for the US. Throughout much of United States history, governments frequently put up barriers aimed at preventing people from voting, such as property ownership requirements, poll taxes, or literacy tests.

Gradually, many of these barriers have fallen to make it easier for people to register. However, many states, including California, still close off registration weeks to a month before an election — an artificial obstacle that can prevent perfectly qualified people from voting if they simply miss a deadline.

These new proposals remove those obstacles. Oregon's law will register all adult citizens in the DMV's database, while California's law will be implemented more gradually, as people get or renew their licenses or state IDs, or change their addresses. But both make it the government's responsibility to ensure that all eligible voters are registered.

So it's a big deal that governments are now trying to make it easier and easier to vote, rather than more difficult. Matt Yglesias has argued for going even further and enshrining an affirmative right to vote in our Constitution — read his case here.

In both California and Oregon, Republicans opposed these proposals, but generally didn't argue against the principle of easing registration. Instead, the criticisms have fallen along two main lines.

First, critics have argued that since voter registration data is more publicly accessible than DMV information, automatically adding voters to the rolls could pose privacy concerns. However, supporters respond that people can always opt out.

Second, some Republicans have cited concerns about voter fraud — usually about potential registration of unauthorized immigrants. But while California began issuing driver's licenses to unauthorized immigrants this year, these licenses are distinctively marked, and people with them would not be registered to vote automatically. And Oregon requires proof of citizenship for all driver's license applicants.

Meanwhile, national Democrats are increasingly adopting mandatory voter registration as a major cause. In a speech on voting rights this June, Hillary Clinton called on all states to automatically register citizens to vote when they turn 18, unless they choose to opt out. And legislators in 15 other states have introduced bills similar to Oregon's new law — the Brennan Center is tracking them here.",1
2550,Trump: Undocumented Children Aren't US Citizens,"Billionare Donald Trump is doubling down on his controversial immigration policy.

His latest proposal: revoke the citizenship of American-born children of undocumented immigrants, a right guaranteed by the 14th Amendment.

On Fox News' ""The O'Reilly Factor"" on Tuesday night, the GOP's presidential frontrunner envisioned kicking all 11 million undocumented immigrants out of the country.

""Do you envision federal police kicking in the doors in barios around the country, dragging families out and putting them on a bus? Do you envision that?"" host Bill O'Reilly asked.

""I don't think they have American citizenship,"" he replied. ""And if you speak to very good lawyers, and I know some would disagree, (but) many agree with me, you will find they do not have American citizenship.""

Trump hasn't said how he would implement his ambitious immigration plan. In New Hampshire Wednesay he talked about building what he calls a beautiful wall.

""I will build the greatest wall that you've ever seen,"" he said. ""I want it to be so beautiful because maybe someday they're gonna call it the Trump Wall, maybe. So I have to make sure it's beautiful, right? I'll be very proud of that wall.""

Up the road at another event in New Hampshire, Jeb Bush took a few swipes at Trump, saying he's not a true conservative.

""Mr. Trump doesn't have a proven, conservative record,"" Bush said. ""He was a Democrat longer in the last decade than he was a Republican. He's given more money to Democrats than he's given to Republicans.""

""Even on immigration, where it's -- you know, look, it's, the language is pretty vitriolic for sure. But hundreds of billions of dollars of cost to implement his plan is not a conservative plan,"" he added.",1
948,Democratic debate: Is Clinton or Sanders the real New Yorker? (+video),"Tonight's televised event offers the Democratic hopefuls their last shared stage to define themselves and each other. Three topics are sure to crop up: experience, Wall Street ties, and New York-ness.

Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton enters the stage after a break in a March 9 debate with her rival, Sen. Bernie Sanders, in Miami. Their final debate April 14 is likely to be their most definitive.

There’s a Democratic debate tonight in New York and it promises to be perhaps the definitive clash between Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders of the entire 2016 campaign.

Why is that? Because the stakes are high: former Secretary of State Clinton continues to lead the race, but can’t shake the dogged Senator Sanders. And this is the last scheduled face-to-face meeting between the pair. It’s likely they’ll air all their differences over the course of two hours, beginning at 9 p.m. E.D.T. on CNN.

Time for the obligatory Odd Number List of Things to Watch For! We’ve scratched out three that are almost certain to come up; beyond that, predictions get chancy.

Who's the real New Yorker? Given that the New York primary is Tuesday, and the debate is in New York, and Sanders was born and raised in New York and Clinton was a New York Senator, we’re pretty sure there’s going to be a struggle over who’s the true New Yorker.

Edge: Sanders. He’s got more New York years, he’s got a New York accent, and he’s never professed fanship for the Chicago Cubs, as has Illinois native Clinton. Clinton’s best play might be to present herself as a New Yorker in the statewide sense – after all, she represented the state, not the city, in the Senate and spent lots of time in upstate towns.

Who's the most qualified to be president? Last week Sanders said Clinton was not “qualified” to sit in the Oval Office because her associated super PAC takes corporate contributions, she voted for the war in Iraq, and she supports free-trade agreements.

He’s since walked that back. He says it’s really her judgment that is at issue with these positions.

Edge: Clinton. Yes, really. It’s “qualified” that’s the problem for Sanders. He disagrees vehemently on some policy issues with Clinton, but in terms of variety of presidential-prep job experience, the former congressional Watergate panel staffer, first lady, and national legislator has got more lines on her résumé than he does. She’ll likely bring up this jibe as a means to remind voters of all the jobs she’s had.

The $225,000 Verizon speech. Sanders hasn’t made an issue of Clinton’s use of a personal e-mail server while secretary of State. But he has attacked her over her personal ties to Wall Street, including her acceptance of big fees for speaking at bank and corporate events.

So expect him to bring up the $225,000 honorarium Clinton received in May 2013 for speaking at a Verizon event. (It was a big applause line at Sanders’s Wednesday night rally in Washington Square Park.) Unionized Verizon workers are on strike in New York, and both candidates have visited them in an attempt to show solidarity. Sanders will use the speech money to try and call into question the sincerity of Clinton’s appearance.

Edge: Sanders. She’s been asked about them for over a year, but Clinton still does not have a great answer as to why she raked in such big speech bucks, what she said to earn them, and whether they constitute a conflict of interest.

OK, enough with the politics-as-sports aspect of the program. Beyond that there is one large underlying factor to keep in mind while watching tonight’s debate. Sanders needs the dynamic of the race to change, or he will lose. Clinton is happy with the status quo.

As we’ve written before, that’s because Bernie needs blowout wins to have any hope of catching Hillary. He’s still hundreds of delegates behind, and Democrats award delegates proportionately, so he needs to sweep big states. And fast. Otherwise he’s got no hope of making up his delegate deficit.",1
4975,How Trump's campaign chief got a strongman elected president of Ukraine,"The scene was Ostroh, western Ukraine, on the eve of parliamentary elections.

A tall figure bounded on to a stage to cheers from a crowd of elderly flag-waving supporters. They chanted: “Yan-u-kov-ych, Yan-u-kov-ych.”

The man addressing them was Viktor Yanukovych, who at this point – autumn 2007 – was Ukraine’s pro-Russian prime minister. Three years earlier he had tried to cheat his way to victory in the country’s presidential election, triggering the pro-democracy uprising known as the Orange Revolution, which swept Yanukovych’s rival Viktor Yushchenko into power.

Now, barely three years later, Yanukovych was back, and his Party of Regions was ahead in the polls.

The person who masterminded Yanukovych’s unlikely political comeback was not – as might have been expected – a Russian, like the advisers dispatched by Vladimir Putin to mastermind Yanukovych’s disastrous 2004 presidential bid.



It was an American, and his name was Paul Manafort – previously a consultant for Ronald Reagan, George HW Bush and Bob Dole, and today the campaign chairman for Donald Trump.



Manafort’s years in Ukraine have come under renewed scrutiny during the current US presidential campaign. On Monday, Hillary Clinton’s campaign leapt on a report in the New York Times that handwritten ledgers found in the Ukraine show $12.7m in undisclosed payments to Manafort from the Party of Regions.

“This is a serious matter and there are real concerns about the pro-Kremlin interests engaged with the Trump team,” said Clinton’s campaign manager, Robby Mook.

Manafort has denied any wrongdoing. A source who worked with him in Ukraine said on Tuesday: “If there was cash I would have known about it and seen it. I was going in and out of the Party of Regions HQ every day.”

Even before the latest allegations, Trump’s links to Russia have raised eyebrows: Manafort’s candidate has expressed admiration for Putin, encouraged Russia to hack Hillary Clinton’s emails, and appeared unaware that Russian troops had seized the Ukrainian peninsula of Crimea. 



Meanwhile, the Trump campaign was reportedly instrumental in rewriting the new Republican platform to remove calls for the donation of weapons to Ukraine to fight Russian and rebel forces.

It remains unclear how much of this was down to Manafort. What is indisputable is that at the same time as he was advising Yanukovych, Manafort was also building personal business links with some of the most powerful figures in the post-Soviet world.



Before his arrival in Kiev, Manafort had long specialised in taking on unsavoury clients, such as Ferdinand Marcos, the Filipino dictator, and Mobutu Sese Seko of Zaire, and subtly retooling their public reputations. 



He was recruited to work in Ukraine in the summer of 2005 by the oligarch Rinat Akhmetov – the main financial backer of Yanukovych’s Party of Regions.

That autumn, Manafort and his team – including longtime aide Rick Gates, another future Trump hire – began work for the Party of Regions. They rented an anonymous office at number 4 Sophia Street in Kiev, opposite the stop for the 16 and 18 trolley buses. Typically, its white blinds were drawn.

The Americans kept a low profile, but Manafort’s efforts didn’t go entirely unnoticed. In a 2006 cable to the state department in Washington, US diplomats reported that the Party of Regions had undergone a mysterious transformation. “Long a haven for Donetsk-based mobsters and oligarchs it is in the midst of an ‘extreme makeover’,” they observed.

The party had enlisted “help and advice from veteran K street political tacticians”, the diplomats said, referring to Washington DC’s lobbying district. Manafort’s firm – Davis, Manafort & Freedman – was busy “nipping and tucking”. Its goal was to rid the party of its gangster image and to change it into a “legitimate political force”.

I met Manafort in September 2007, on the eve of the Ostroh rally. This was just before the parliamentary elections, and Yanukovych was frantically touring the regions on a campaign helicopter.

Close up, Manafort looked every inch the classic Washington lobbyist. He wore an expensive suit and tie and exuded seriousness. He also bore a faint physical resemblance to his client – even their hairstyles were similar. (Manafort, I was told later, had instructed Yanukovych to blow-dry his hair. Manafort’s camp denies this.)

The American had an interesting story to tell – one which may sound familiar to observers of Donald Trump’s campaign – of how his candidate had been almost wilfully misunderstood by the west, especially by its media.



The new Yanukovych was nothing like the old one, Manafort suggested. He had absorbed the lessons of his previous defeats, was studying English – and was even playing tennis with the US ambassador.

“People are still looking at the political system in this country through the prism of 2004,” Manafort told me. “That’s not at all the situation here.” 



Yanukovych was no puppet of Putin, Manafort said; he wanted a pragmatic foreign policy – good relations with Russia and the EU.

“As a person, he [Yanukovych] is growing,” Manafort assured me. “I think the time out of power helped him.”

Manafort introduced professional techniques. He gathered polling data, worked on messaging and distributed talking points. His efforts were at least partially successful: Yanukovych’s Party of Regions won the 2007 parliamentary elections, and in 2010 Yanukovych beat his rival Yulia Tymoshenko in a presidential runoff. Within a few months, it had become clear that he was hellbent on reversing the modest democratic gains of the Orange Revolution.

Yanukovych moved quickly to consolidate all instruments of power: the courts, parliament, the prosecutor’s office, the media and TV. Tymoshenko was charged with corruption and jailed; Yankovych repeatedly shrugged off western calls for her release.

In late 2013, Yanukovych was due to sign an association agreement with the European Union, but at the last minute he dumped the plan and instead accepted a $15bn Kremlin bailout.

Pro-EU demonstrators flooded the Maidan, Kiev’s main square, and protests turned violent after a brutal crackdown by security forces.

In February 2014, riot police shot dead 100 people in downtown Kiev. Yanukovych abandoned his palace on the outskirts of town, Mezhyhirya – a Versailles of sorts with a pirate-themed restaurant and private zoo – and escaped to Russia.

Putin exploited this crisis to seize Crimea and launch a covert military invasion of eastern Ukraine. The consequences – 10,000 dead, a civilian jet shot down, a country chopped up – haunt the region to this day. Earlier this month, Russia claimed Ukrainian agents had attacked Crimea, further fueling tensions in the region.



Those who worked with Manafort say that he cannot be blamed for the Ukrainian disaster. Oleg Voloshin, a former aide to Kostyantyn Gryshchenko, Yanukovych’s 2010-12 foreign minister who now works as a political consultant, says Manafort urged Yanukovych to press ahead with the EU integration agenda.

Voloshin still has ties with the ex-Party of Regions, which Manafort rebranded in 2014 as the Opposition Bloc. (Manafort’s consultancy in Ukraine continued until at least parliamentary elections in 2014.)

He suggests that Yanukovych “listened to what Paul said” between 2007-2010, but then, once he became president, stopped listening – with catastrophic results.

Manafort’s advice was always non-ideological, Voloshin recalls. He would calmly explain: “These people won’t vote for you, don’t bother with them,” and then suggest he “promote this message, promote that message”. “It was a very American approach. Do this, do that.” And, crucially: “He was the person dragging Yanukovych to the west.”



According to Voloshin, Manafort was an advocate of US interests and promoted American oil companies such as Chevron – so much so that the joke inside the Party of Regions was that Manafort was actually from the CIA. “You can blame him for whatever. The only thing you can’t blame him for is lack of will in lobbying for American interests in Ukraine in the commercial sphere.”

Voloshin insists that it was Manafort who persuaded Yanukovych to press ahead with the EU integration agenda, arguing that it would counter Yanukovych’s sagging ratings. Manafort also strongly objected to Tymoshenko’s imprisonment, telling Yanukovych bluntly: “You are going to have very bad times with the west.”

“It’s not Paul’s fault that Yanukovych didn’t listen to him. If it weren’t for Paul, Ukraine would have gone under Russia much earlier,” Voloshin claims.

During the period that he was advising Yanukovych, Manafort’s interests in the post-Soviet world were not restricted to politics.



In 2007, he set up a private equity firm called Pericles Emerging Partners LP.



Based offshore in the Caymans, the firm had three American partners – Manafort, Rick Gates and Rick Davis. Davis had cofounded Davis Manafort, Manfort’s lobbying company in Delaware. The new firm’s aim was to make investments in the Ukrainian cities of Kiev, Odessa and Mariupol. It would acquire small companies, consolidate them into larger national enterprises, then sell them on.

One of those tempted by this prospectus was the Russian oligarch Oleg Deripaska, an aluminum baron and close friend of Putin, who stumped up almost $19m. Gates, Manafort’s right-hand man, sealed the agreement in trips to Moscow.

What happened next was strange indeed. Only one investment by Pericles was ever made, in a Ukrainian telecoms company called Black Sea Cable. According to court documents, the cash was funnelled into various offshore companies, including one called CardMan ImpEx Corp, registered in the tax haven of the British Virgin Islands. The trail wound through other opaque shell firms, including Cascado AG, set up by the Panamanian law firm Mossack Fonseca.

A search of the Panama Papers leak gives a few details. Cascado has two Latvian directors, Erik Vanagels and Stan Gorin. In reality, they are mere nominees. The pair have been linked on paper to a network of offshore companies and multimillion-dollar scams involving Ukrainian state assets.



When the global financial crisis hit in 2008, Deripaska wanted out – and his cash back. In 2011, the Americans emailed to say that it was proving tricky to sell Deripaska’s stake because of “market conditions”. Further emails went unanswered.

“It appears that Paul Manafort and Rick Gates have simply disappeared,” Deripaska’s frustrated lawyers wrote, in a 2014 petition to have Manafort’s firm wound up.

It’s unclear if Deripaska ever got his money. Either way, the episode illustrates Manafort’s personal links to figures close to Putin.

Later, Manafort introduced Deripaska to Senator John McCain, when the oligarch was having problems travelling to the US. (In 2006, the US had revoked Deripaska’s visa, citing alleged “criminal associations”. Deripaska denies the allegation, and his visa was subsequently reinstated.)

This wasn’t the only embarrassing legal scrape arising from Manafort’s capitalist adventures. In November 2011, Tymoshenko unsuccessfully sued him and several of her political opponents in the district court in New York. Her lengthy writ alleged that Manafort “played a key role in [a] conspiracy and racketeering enterprise” to launder cash for Yanukovych’s oligarch friends and invest it in New York real estate.

In particular, she pointed the finger at Dmitry Firtash, a Ukrainian businessman whose generous contributions helped Yanukovych. Firtash is a shareholder and public face for RosUkrEnergo, an intermediary company co-owned by Gazprom, which imports gas from Russia and resells it to Ukraine. Tymoshenko tried unsuccessfully to get rid of it.

The RusUkrEnergo scheme was a mechanism for corruption, she alleged in legal filings. Its real owner, she claimed, was Semyon Mogilevich, a Ukrainian-Russian mobster, and one of the FBI’s top fugitives. Firtash denies this.

According to her writ, Firtash and his companies and associates were able to skim billions of dollars from gas transactions. The cash was laundered “through a labyrinth of shell companies”. It was then returned to Ukraine, with the money used to bribe Ukrainian officials.

“Defendant Paul J Manafort is a well-known Washington D.C. lobbyist and political consultant. He is the senior partner in the firm Davis, Manafort and Freedman. Manafort also worked in Ukraine on various political campaigns, including the successful 2010 presidential campaign of Victor Yanukovych, who is the president of Ukraine at present. Manafort played a key role in the defendants’ conspiracy and racketeering enterprise,” the writ said.

Firtash, who declined to be interviewed for this article, denies the claims. In 2014, a federal judge threw out Tymoshenko’s lawsuit, saying that she had failed to show that Firtash and other defendants had laundered money in the U.S to help pay off Yanukovych’s supporters in Ukraine. The judge also said the allegations were outside US jurisdiction.

That same year Firtash was arrested on a US warrant in Vienna, accused of bribing Indian officials over a titanium deal. But an Austrian judge denied a US extradition request and agreed with Firtash that it was politically motivated. The US is appealing, and Firtash remains in Austria.

Firtash did invest money in Manafort’s real estate projects, however. The two met in 2008. Manafort’s plan was to buy the site of the demolished Drake Hotel in Manhattan and to redevelop it at a cost of almost $900m. Firtash transferred at least $25m to the project. Tymoshenko alleged that the plan was never serious, with the cash merely transferred for the purposes of money laundering.



“Group DF and Firtash never had any intention to purchase the Drake property, but instead used the real estate project as a vehicle for investing $25 million in New York bank accounts,” her writ stated.

Manafort did not respond to a request by the Guardian for comment on Deripaska’s loan or the Drake Hotel allegations.

In the run-up to November’s vote, Trump’s own real estate transactions have been extensively investigated, but it remains unclear if any Russian cash has actually been leveraged in these deals.

In a statement on Monday, Manafort denied that he had received any irregular payments in Ukraine. “The simplest answer is the truth: I am a campaign professional. It is well known that I do work in the United States and have done work on overseas campaigns as well. I have never received a single ‘off-the-books cash payment’ as falsely ‘reported’ by The New York Times, nor have I ever done work for the governments of Ukraine or Russia.”

But Manafort’s critics in Kiev are scathing. “He’s an evil genius,” Alex Kovzhun, who spent a decade working for Tymoshenko, beginning in 2001, said. “He doesn’t work statesmen. He works dictators and all-round bastards. He sells the unsellable product. If you have a dead horse and you need to sell it, you call him.



“He works bad guys. They pay more, of course.”

Manafort’s specialism, according to Kovzhun, is running expensive campaigns and targeting the “great unwashed”.

“It’s the same element who voted for Putin, supported Brexit, back Erdoğan and who will vote for Trump. Manafort works the lowest common denominator. I find him repulsive and his message ugly. He leaves destruction in his wake.”



Kovzhun said he recognised the same “moves” in Manafort’s campaigns for Yanukovych and Trump. He gets his clients to do “corny stuff”, Kovzhun added, with “bland political slogans” and “uncreative Soviet-style imagery”. “With Yanukovych it was: ‘I’ll hear everyone.’ With Trump, it’s: ‘Make America great again.’”

In contrast, Voloshin portrays the decade Manafort spent in Ukraine as a success. “In 2004, Yanukovych was seen as a Russian puppet. He was dead. Paul resurrected him.”

Can Manafort work his magic one more time? “The tougher the client you have, the the greater success you get. It isn’t about the money. It’s about ambition. If he can make Yanukovych president, I’m sure he can do it with Trump.” 

",1
3183,Why the GOP Primary Could Be Even Crazier Than You Think,"Welcome to a 2016 Republican presidential primary unlike any other. A crowded field, angry electorate and uncharacteristically divided establishment, not to mention the wild-card role of super PACs, have already made this nominating contest more frenzied and unpredictable than its recent predecessors. It’s become conventional wisdom that, whatever the chaos of the early campaign, a winner is most likely to emerge by mid-March. This cycle, we can’t be so sure. In fact, the better you understand how the 2016 calendar works, the more likely it seems we can face a messy slog that runs into late spring and possibly even into the July convention—an unlikely fate at this point but one that’s no longer impossible.

For starters, the 2016 calendar quite deliberately avoids having a mid-March nominee.

In past cycles—2008, 2000 and 1996—the eventual GOP nominees won quickly by concentrating their attention on the first four or five state contests, leveraging their momentum into a front-loaded Super Tuesday and becoming inevitable by early to mid-March. After the 2008 GOP primary, in which 34 states voted by February 5, Republican Party leaders concluded that the frontloaded calendar had given John McCain a too-early primary win and allowed the Obama-Clinton primary to capture a lopsided share of attention. In response, those GOP leaders pushed through new calendar rules designed to create a longer, more contested race: They encouraged states to push their primaries later, and required states voting during the first two weeks of March to agree to allocate their delegates proportionally according to the voting results, rather than in a winner-take-all fashion, making those contests far less decisive. (The period is two weeks shorter in 2016 than it was in 2012, but about as many delegates will be chosen.)

The 2012 presidential election was the first time the new rules took effect, and they dramatically prolonged the primary season. In every election since 1996, the GOP had settled on a clear nominee in March—as early as March 4, in McCain’s case. Although Mitt Romney did as well as any of his predecessors early on in the 2012 primary—effectively tying Iowa, winning New Hampshire, losing South Carolina, and then winning Florida and Nevada—he didn’t have enough delegates to secure the nomination until April 24, after 41 states had voted. Critics blamed Romney’s long slog on weakness as a candidate, but the changes in the primary calendar certainly played a major role.

The 2016 rules are much the same as the ones that dragged out Romney’s victory, but the circumstances of the race all point to a longer, harder fight. Traditionally, the Republican nominee is known when more than 68 percent of the delegates have been chosen, which won’t happen until April 19 this year. On top of that, the race itself is far more complex than it was in 2012: Romney’s anti-establishment challengers petered out relatively quickly, while the two candidates currently leading the polls this year—Donald Trump and Ted Cruz—are themselves anti-establishment candidates, and are continuing to gain momentum just as the voting season begins.

What can we expect along the winding path ahead? This will be my seventh cycle working in presidential politics, including previously as a lawyer for the Republican National Committee and then on George W. Bush’s, Mitt Romney’s and Scott Walker’s presidential campaigns. More than any of the other primary seasons I’ve seen, this is the year to expect the unexpected.

For the candidates, the primary calendar is like a giant jigsaw puzzle. They’ll need victories in order to gain credibility, and resources in order to pick up the 1,237 delegates that make for a majority (having the most votes doesn’t always mean getting the most delegates). They’ll need to decide whether to run statewide campaigns, mostly through TV ads, or use advanced data techniques to target specific places—whether through ads, old-fashioned door-knocking or other techniques.

For the rest of us who are following along, the solution to that jigsaw puzzle may be just as confounding. Beginning in Iowa on February 1, voters will determine whether GOP officials will get their wish of knowing the nominee by March 22, or whether the Law of Unintended Consequences will create an unusually divisive, long and inconclusive primary season that becomes a gift for Hillary Clinton or Bernie Sanders.

As we prepare for 19 weeks of voting, here’s an insider’s look at how major calendar moments could bring the nominating process to an end—or carry the chaos over to yet another contested round.

The 1996, 2000 and 2008 primaries taught campaigns to dump resources into Iowa, New Hampshire, South Carolina and Nevada, four states whose symbolic value far outweighs their delegate count. Winning them is best. But beating expectations is almost as good—it’s why you see the 2016 establishment candidates, well behind Trump and Cruz in the polls, beating up each other instead of the frontrunners. Early success brings the transfusion of dollars and volunteers essential to amassing delegates in March and beyond. The 2012 calendar changes and Romney’s experience have diminished the February states’ impact, leaving Super Tuesday on March 1 as the more crucial battle. But the four early states are still a determining factor for the rest of the primary.

Winning two of the first four states will be a huge boost to any campaign. Winning three of four is the only scenario that could produce a March nominee, and right now, Trump and Cruz are the only candidates who look to have a chance to do that. At minimum, February should clarify the number of GOP primary lanes—whether there’s a “Trump” lane in addition to the traditional “establishment” and “conservative” lanes.

An oddity of the 2016 race is the absence of a consensus establishment candidate this close to voting—especially since that candidate has won every contested primary since 1968. Even rarer is that no establishment candidate is within range of Trump and Cruz in Iowa or New Hampshire. Marco Rubio, Jeb Bush, Chris Christie and John Kasich can take some solace in remembering that Newt Gingrich won the 2012 South Carolina primary without first coming close in either Iowa or New Hampshire. But that’s far from guaranteed. The establishment’s weakness could provide a (rare) quick win for a candidate from the conservative or Trump lanes, or allow more candidates to win delegates so that the contest continues for longer than is historically the case. As a matter of simple math, the prospect of viable candidates from three ideological lanes rather than two increases the chances of a contested convention.

After February’s primaries—essentially, four statewide races—the nominating contest becomes a national delegate hunt. Only 10 primaries, with 16.2 percent of the delegates, are true winner-take-all states, in which the top vote getter receives all the delegates. The rest of the states allow multiple candidates to win their delegates by choosing them in one of three ways: proportionally (31 states or territories, amounting to 54.5 percent of delegates); by congressional district, with the statewide winner getting at-large delegates (10 states, 24.8 percent of delegates); or in a caucus or convention (five states, 4.5 percent of delegates).

March awards the most delegates of any month, with 12 diverse states—primarily from the South but also Alaska, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Vermont and Wyoming—voting in proportional contests on Super Tuesday. These contests will no doubt winnow the field. The question is whether more than two candidates will survive the primaries’ first Demolition Derby.

To a large extent, that depends how well the campaigns find ways to say they won and their competitors lost, which means March 1-2 will be the cycle’s most competitive spin days. A number of candidates are likely to claim “victory” and viability, based on everything from winning the most states, delegates, congressional districts or delegates in different regions to having the greatest consistent finishes in multiple states to being the leading candidate in the establishment wing. Creativity will know no bounds.

Right now, Trump and Cruz look like a lock to pick up delegates on Super Tuesday. But a decisive factor for the rest primary is whether Rubio, Bush, Christie or Kasich can do well enough for the establishment forces to awaken and coalesce around one candidate.

Meanwhile, the stakes are obviously going to get higher at this point: If no candidate puts the nomination away, every day will bring gut-wrenching choices for the surviving campaigns as money and human resources ebb and flow and become pieces on the primary calendar chessboard.

This stretch of the nominating process isn’t likely to change much.

Of the eleven states that vote from March 5-12, only Michigan awards more than 50 delegates. So unless one candidate runs the table on March 1, there will not be a presumptive nominee by March 12. Just 45 percent of the delegates will be decided by this point, all of them (except South Carolina) chosen proportionally. That means even a candidate winning 40 percent of the vote across the board will have amassed only 451 delegates, or 34 percent of those needed to win. (For some perspective, Trump is currently polling at about 35 percent.)

In a multi-candidate field, that’s reason for multiple candidates to continue after March 12. The campaigns’ main challenge at this point will be how successfully they claim they’re winning or still in the race. In 2016, the stakes are likely to be higher for the establishment candidates still in the race at this point. The pressure from elected officials and donors will mount on those who have no hope of winning a majority of delegates to agree on a single candidate to challenge Trump and/or Cruz. Yet it’s also possible that the trailing three establishment candidates will see a contested convention on the horizon, and decide to continue trying to win delegates to gain leverage at that convention.

Not enough delegates are chosen between March 16 and April 19 to alter the dynamics of a race. So either a presumptive nominee emerges from the voting on March 15, or the long, cold primary season is destined to continue for at least five more weeks.

Five big states hold contests on this day, providing campaigns with divergent paths to win delegates. March 15 features the first true winner-take-all statewide primaries (Florida and Ohio); the direct election of individual delegates in congressional districts (Illinois); a winner-take-all contest by congressional district (Missouri); and a proportional statewide primary with no minimum threshold to win delegates (North Carolina).

In Florida, Bush last year convinced the legislature to make the state a true winner-take-all before Rubio appeared to be a threat. Now it’s hard see either Bush or Rubio going on to win the nomination if he loses his home state, making Florida a death cage competition between the two—or a huge opportunity for a third candidate to knock out both and run away with 99 delegates. Florida will also be the most expensive state; California and Texas are not statewide winner-take-alls, so candidates can target their resources to pick up delegates. But while Bush and Rubio will have to spend what it takes to win here, the other candidates—if they operate on the assumption that Bush and Rubio have home court advantage—don’t have to spend time or money competing in Florida.

Similar to Bush, Kasich last year made his state of Ohio true winner-take-all contest. If Kasich is still in the race at this point, no other candidate needs to spend a dime in his state, unless they see an opportunity to knock out the governor. Even if he fares poorly earlier in the primaries, Kasich could stay in the race just to win Ohio’s 66 delegates; since he controls the state mechanisms enough to be able to control a block of delegates, he could become one of the convention’s only real “brokers.”",1
1852,Chris Christie fades into darkness,"On this day in 1973, J. Fred Buzhardt, a lawyer defending President Richard Nixon in the Watergate case, revealed that a key White House tape had an 18...",1
827,Mitt Romney Refuses to Support Trump: “I Keep Hoping That Somehow Things Will Get Better”,"The Republican Party’s identity crisis keeps getting worse. Hours after House Speaker Paul Ryan said he was not ready to support Donald Trump, the presumptive G.O.P. nominee, 2012 presidential nominee Mitt Romney also refused to endorse his successor, saying that he was “dismayed” by the state of American politics and that he wished for “better choices” for candidates who, unfortunately, do not exist anymore.

While Romney ruled out the possibility of a third-party candidacy during a Q&A at a fundraising gala Thursday night in Washington, he said he was so fundamentally disappointed with the G.O.P. that he could not support Trump in good conscience, nor would he switch allegiances and support Hillary Clinton.

“I see way too much demagoguery and populism on both sides of the aisle and I only hope and aspire that we'll see more greatness,” he said, according to the Washington Examiner.

Earlier this year, Romney championed the Never Trump movement, attempting to block his nomination by proposing the remaining Republican candidates unite to force a contested convention in which an alternative would win the nomination despite winning fewer primaries. That dream ended earlier this week when Ted Cruz dropped out of the race (and John Kasich soon after), but that didn’t stop Romney from sticking to his convictions.

“I happen to think that the person who is leading the nation has an enormous and disproportionate impact on the course of the world, so I am dismayed at where we are now,” he said. “I wish we had better choices, and I keep hoping that somehow things will get better, and I just don't see an easy answer from where we are.”

Romney also praised Ryan, his former running mate, who recently took on Trump. “He is where he needs to be,” he explained, saying that he was impressed that Ryan could somehow get the wildly fractious House G.O.P. to work together. “I’d love to see him run for president, but having a Speaker of the House, at this stage, where we don’t know what’s going to happen on the presidential race, having a Speaker of the House with that kind of leadership capacity is very encouraging. I have hopes that he’ll remain Speaker.”

Romney may not be the first Republican leader to publicly disavow Trump since he became the party’s nominee—that honor goes to Nebraska senator Ben Sasse, who quickly argued that an “adult” step in and run for president on a third-party ticket—but he is by far the most prominent. So far, there have been rumblings within an embarrassed G.O.P. that they could never support Trump: both George H.W. Bush and his son George W. Bush refused to endorse or comment on the nomination, and do not plan on attending the Republican National Convention. Senator John McCain was recorded saying that Trump would severely hurt his re-election chances in Arizona, a Latino-heavy state that borders Mexico. And, as Hillary Clinton highlighted in an e-mail blast, that sentiment isn’t limited to high-profile Republicans, either: dozens of other G.O.P. congressional representatives, governors, and major political figures are all quickly boarding the anti-Trump train—or, at the very least, refusing to comment.",1
2737,Rush Limbaugh: Left Has 'Fear and Hatred of Christianity',"Pick Your 2016 GOP Candidate -- Let Rush Know! Vote here

",1
2287,Advocates Aim to Expand Gay Rights at State Level,"Gay rights advocates are hoping to parlay the momentum from their legislative victories in Indiana and Arkansas this week into further expanding legal protections for gays and lesbians in those states and others.

Facing widespread pressure, including from big businesses such as Apple and Wal-Mart, lawmakers in Indiana and Arkansas rolled back their states' new religious objections laws, which critics said could be used to discriminate against gays. Amid the uproar, the Republican governors of Michigan and South Dakota urged their own legislatures to extend anti-discrimination protections to gays.

Twenty-nine states currently don't include protections for gays and lesbians in their non-discrimination laws, according to the American Civil Liberties Union. But the Indiana and Arkansas laws, along with court rulings or legislatures legalizing same-sex marriage in 37 states and an expected U.S. Supreme Court decision on gay marriage this year, are fueling efforts to change that as the 2016 elections approach.

""We're not going to let any of these people off the hot seat,"" said Kathy Sarris, co-founder of the gay-rights group Indiana Equality Action. ""This ultimately is going to happen in Indiana.""

Most of the states without sexual orientation protections are in the South or the Plains, which tend to be more conservative. As public opinion has become more supportive of same-sex marriage and other gay rights in recent years, many businesses say such protections factor into their decisions about expansions and help them attract top employees.

Arkansas state Rep. Warwick Sabin, a Democrat from Little Rock, said the issue isn't going away.

""Other states are moving ahead of us and Arkansas is being left in the dust. We need to make an affirmative statement about our values as a state, and I know that the vast majority of Arkansans believe in fairness and opportunity for all of its citizens,"" he said.

Indiana's Republican-controlled Legislature took a first step by adding language to its new religious objections law stating that service providers can't use the law as a legal defense for refusing to provide goods, services, facilities or accommodations based on sexual orientation, gender identity and other factors. It is now the first Indiana state law that explicitly mentions sexual orientation and gender identity.

Arkansas' amended law only addresses actions by the government, not by businesses or individuals. The law's supporters say the changes would prevent businesses from using it to deny services to individuals, even though it doesn't include specific anti-discrimination language similar to Indiana's law.

Gay rights proponents want Arkansas to go further, though, and are trying to build support for adding sexual orientation to the protected statuses covered by the state's civil rights laws. The state's attorney general, Leslie Rutledge, last week approved the wording of a proposed ballot measure that would add such protections, clearing the way for supporters to begin gathering the signatures needed to get it on the November 2016 ballot.

""Today, LGBT Arkansans are still unequal, and today's battle points toward a broader struggle ahead — a fight where full and complete equality for all Arkansans that cannot be undermined is the only acceptable outcome,"" Chad Griffin, president of the Human Rights Campaign, the nation's largest LGBT rights group, said in a statement after Republican Gov. Asa Hutchinson signed that state's law.

Hutchinson, meanwhile, has left open the possibility of issuing an executive order that would prohibit workplace discrimination against lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people at state agencies.

Similar debates are going on elsewhere. In North Dakota on Thursday the Republican-controlled Legislature voted down a measure that would have prohibited discrimination based on a person's sexual orientation in the areas of housing and employment. Gov. Jack Dalrymple rebuked lawmakers, saying such discrimination wasn't acceptable.

In Michigan, meanwhile, GOP Gov. Rick Snyder warned legislators that he would veto a religious objections bill unless they also sent him a measure that would extend anti-discrimination protections to gays. He cited the Indiana outcry in making his warning.

Indiana Gov. Mike Pence and fellow Republicans maintained that the state's religious objections law never sanctioned discrimination against anyone. They said considering changes to the state's civil rights law was too major of a policy change to take up with less than a month left in the legislative session.

State Senate President David Long acknowledged ""it's probably likely"" that extending anti-discrimination laws to cover sexual orientation will be on next year's agenda.

""You can see that this discussion has been elevated in Indiana and it's an important one,"" Long said.

Some gay-rights supporters say the push for religious freedom laws proposed in about a dozen states this year amounts to a consolation prize for conservatives dismayed over the legalization of same-sex marriages across much of the country.

Some conservative activists have a different take.

Eric Miller, the executive director of an Indiana group, Advance America, called the national outcry over the state's law an ""orchestrated effort of misinformation"" led by those pushing for ""government recognition, government approval, adding to our civil-rights laws protections for sexual orientation and gender identity.""",1
1501,George W. Bush reportedly rips Ted Cruz to Jeb Bush donors,"Former President George W. Bush reportedly ripped into Texas Sen. Ted Cruz at a weekend gathering of donors to his brother's presidential campaign, according to a published report Monday.

Politico reported that Bush said of Cruz, ""I just don't like the guy,"" at the event, which was held Sunday night in Denver.

According to the report, which cited at least six donors who were at the event, Bush said he did not like Cruz's de facto alliance with Republican front-runner Donald Trump, who has notably spared Cruz from the criticism he has ladled onto other members of the 15-candidate Republican field.

""He said he found it 'opportunistic' that Cruz was sucking up to Trump and just expecting all of his support to come to him in the end,"" one donor told Politico when asked to describe Bush's remarks about Cruz. The report added that the former president had been engaging with amiable discussions about the state of the GOP race when Cruz's name came up.

""I was like, 'Holy s---, did he just say that?'"" the donor told Politico. ""I remember looking around and seeing that other people were also looking around surprised.""

The report also said that Bush warned the donors to not underestimate Cruz's strength in the South and in Texas, where his message of religious liberty is expected to play very well with voters.

Cruz, in a written statement put out by the campaign on Tuesday, said he would not be ""reciprocating"" after the comments.

""I have great respect for George W. Bush, and was proud to work on his 2000 campaign and in his administration,"" he said in the statement. ""It's no surprise that President Bush is supporting his brother and attacking the candidates he believes pose a threat to his campaign. I have no intention of reciprocating. I met my wife Heidi working on his campaign, and so I will always be grateful to him.""

Freddy Ford, a spokesman for George W. Bush, did not deny that the former president had made the disparaging remarks about Cruz when asked to comment by Politico.

""The first words out of President Bush's mouth [Sunday] were that Jeb is going to earn the nomination, win the election, and be a great President ... He does not view Senator Cruz as Governor Bush's most serious rival.""

Ford denied further requests by Fox News to address Bush's reported ""I just don't like the guy"" remark.

Cruz joined George W. Bush's presidential campaign in 1999 as a domestic policy adviser and helped put together the legal team that argued Bush v. Gore before the Supreme Court in the aftermath of the controversial election. He later served as an associate deputy attorney general in the Justice Department before becoming Solicitor General of Texas in 2003.

Click for more from Politico.

Fox News' Mike Emanuel and Serafin Gomez contributed to this report.",1
1035,Trump's abortion answer confirms GOP fears,"(CNN) Donald Trump's suggestion that women who get abortions should face ""some form of punishment"" if the practice is banned is giving the #NeverTrump movement new urgency.

Faced with the prospect of Trump as the party's standard bearer, Republicans from across the ideological spectrum quickly condemned Trump's assertion -- but not before Democrats showed the damage Trump's words could have on the GOP.

And in what was a clear acknowledgment of the stakes, Trump did something he has rarely done in this campaign -- back away from his statement within hours.

His comments, which go against the GOP's anti-abortion stance, brought new potency to the anti-Trump wing of the party, including conservative radio hosts and Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker , looking to stop Trump in next week's primary. Trump was already facing a media uproar this week over his comments about Heidi Cruz and over his handling of an incident involving his campaign manager and a female reporter that led to an arrest summons.

Of course, Trump has shown himself to be an unstoppable force who has offended pretty much everyone at this point without much harm to his poll numbers. But for Republicans worried about the damage Trump could do at the top of the ticket with off-the-cuff or controversial quotes, Democrats, including presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton , gave a harsh reminder.

""The Republicans all line up together,"" Clinton said in an interview with CNN's Anderson Cooper.

""Now maybe they aren't quite as open about it as Donald Trump was earlier today, but they all have the same position,"" she said, noting anti-abortion positions taken by both John Kasich and Ted Cruz . ""If you make abortion a crime -- you make it illegal -- then you make women and doctors criminals.""

Wednesday's controversy unfolded less than a week before the April 5 Wisconsin primary, which will serve as a crucial test for the remaining GOP candidates before the race returns east.

Emily's List, a group that backs female candidates who support abortion rights, sent out a press release called The Comstock-Trump Agenda: Criminalizing Abortion Edition. It targeted Rep. Barbara Comstock, who is running for re-election in Virginia, a swing state.

""Donald Trump is leading the GOP charge to prevent women from making their own health care decisions, and Barbara Comstock is standing right beside him,"" said Emily's List press secretary Rachel Thomas.

Why I'm voting for Donald Trump



By suggesting that women who get an abortion should face punishment, Trump managed to unite advocates on both sides of the issue. Abortion opponents have pushed for punishment for doctors who perform abortions, but not women who receive them. That Trump struggled with this issue -- a core holding of these advocates — underscored for some that he is new to the conservative fight, an argument that his opponents have been making for some time to little effect. By suggesting that women who get an abortion should face punishment, Trump managed to unite advocates on both sides of the issue. Abortion opponents have pushed for punishment for doctors who perform abortions, but not women who receive them. That Trump struggled with this issue -- a core holding of these advocates — underscored for some that he is new to the conservative fight, an argument that his opponents have been making for some time to little effect.

Asked Wednesday by MSNBC's Chris Matthews whether a woman who got an abortion illegally should face punishment, the current GOP front-runner said he supported that idea.

""Yes, there has to be some form of punishment,""Trump said, adding that he didn't know what form of punishment would be acceptable. He also said that men involved in an unwanted pregnancy that led to an abortion would not face any type of punishment.

""It's the latest demonstration of how little Donald has thought about any of the serious issues facing this country,"" Cruz said after taping an appearance on ABC's ""Jimmy Kimmel Live"" Wednesday night.

""I am pro-life. Being pro-life means standing and defending the unborn,"" Cruz added. ""But it also means defending moms. Defending women. And defending the incredible gift women have to bring life into the world. And Donald's comments, they were unfortunate, they were wrong and I strongly disagree with it.""

The anti-abortion group Susan B. Anthony List framed Trump as a candidate who is new to the issue.

""As a convert to the pro-life movement, Mr. Trump sees the reality of the horror of abortion -- the destruction of an innocent human life -- which is legal in our country up until the moment of birth,"" Marjorie Dannenfelser, president of the group, said in a statement. ""But let us be clear: punishment is solely for the abortionist who profits off of the destruction of one life and the grave wounding of another.""

About three hours after he spoke to MSNBC, Trump reversed course, issuing a statement saying that his pro-life ""position has not changed.""

""If Congress were to pass legislation making abortion illegal and the federal courts upheld this legislation, or any state were permitted to ban abortion under state and federal law, the doctor or any other person performing this illegal act upon a woman would be held legally responsible, not the woman,"" the statement said. ""The woman is a victim in this case as is the life in her womb.""

That didn't mollify opponents who have seen him as a fake conservative who has been a no-show on the big conservative fights.

""While Trump has since 'clarified' this position on punishing women, his statements suggest he should spend more time with pro-life conservatives to gain a better appreciation of what their goals and objectives really are,"" said Tony Perkins, Family Research Council Action president and Ted Cruz backer. ""The pro-life movement values both mother and child and seeks to uphold the dignity of both by seeking to protect both from the damage of abortion and the predatory abortion industry.""",1
5150,Donald Trump in the hunt for a VP: Who's got the golden ticket?,"Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie are at the top of Trump's VP shortlist, say sources, but both candidates may be less than ideal.

Presumed Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is reportedly vetting New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie (l.) and former House Speaker Newt Gingrich, both shown in this composite image, as potential running mates.

Donald Trump’s long-awaited vice president announcement is getting closer, say sources, as the Republican National Convention on July 18 quickly approaches.

There are reports that New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and former House Speaker Newt Gingrich are at the top of the VP shortlist and currently filling out paperwork for the vetting process. Other names include Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions, Tennessee Sen. Bob Corker, and Indiana Gov. Mike Pence.

The intense speculation around Trump’s potential running mate speaks to the high salience VP picks have had in previous election years. Vice presidential picks often serve as a unifying force for a party after a divisive contest for the nomination, a point Trump is likely considering as he tries to woo establishment Republicans onto his side. The right VP candidate could help bring party leaders, Republican voters, and big donors into the Trump fold, all people the campaign desperately needs ahead of the general election.

“Even if it doesn’t move the needle much, the vice presidential selection can help compensate for some of the problems and concerns that voters have about a nominee,” Julian Zelizer, a professor of history and public affairs at Princeton University, writes for CNN. “In Trump’s case this is especially important given how unprecedented and unpredictable his candidacy is.”

The assumed VP frontrunners, Governor Christie and former Representative Gingrich, could help Trump work the legislative aspect of the presidency.

Gingrich has the experience. During his 20 years as a representative from Georgia, Gingrich served as House minority whip for six years and speaker for four. And Christie, who was appointed as US Attorney for the District of New Jersey by President George W. Bush in 2002 before becoming governor in 2010, has been crucial to the Trump campaign, shopping around for endorsements and donations.

“[Trump] is the first to admit that he doesn’t know all the ways of Washington,” Robert Jeffress, a Dallas pastor who has been close with Trump during his campaign, told The Washington Post. “So to actually push what he wants through, he’s willing to reach out and get somebody to lend a hand.”

With more than 60 percent of voters feeling unfavorable about Trump at the end of June, the right VP pick could help voters feel more positive about the Republican ticket.

However, Gingrich and Christie might not be the ones to do it.

When Gingrich withdrew from the presidential race in 2012, he had unfavorable ratings ranging between 56 and 67 percent. And even before his unsuccessful presidential bid, Gingrich had a less-than-perfect track record, as John Pitney Jr. explains:

Trump might be thinking that Gingrich could be his link to the Washington establishment that he has so long criticized. If so, he should think again. During his speakership, Gingrich alienated his colleagues through his impetuous leadership style. There was an abortive GOP effort to depose him in 1997, and in the following year, colleagues finally forced him to leave after the Clinton impeachment backfired politically. During his presidential race, few lawmakers endorsed him.

And Christie, who once seemed like a presidential contender himself, may not be that much better.

Christie’s approval ratings in his home state have tanked since he started supporting Trump. Regardless of age, gender, or education, 60 to 68 percent of New Jersey voters disapproved of Christie in May, the lowest rating ever for the governor. And when asked what they think of a VP role on Trump’s ticket, 72 percent of New Jersey voters said they disapprove.

“It’s a drastic decline in popularity for a governor who once looked like a strong choice for president,” Maurice Carroll, assistant director for Quinnipiac University Poll, said in a press release last month. “Christie-for-President was a flop, and, as far as the local folks are concerned, so is Christie-for-Vice President. Forget local pride, New Jersey voters say overwhelmingly; they don’t want their gov on a Trump ticket.”",1
3861,Obama bans some military equipment sales to police,"WASHINGTON — President Obama has banned the sale of some kinds of military equipment to local law enforcement agencies, following widespread criticism of a paramilitary-like response to riots in a St. Louis suburb last August.

In doing so, Obama put his stamp on the recommendations of a multi-agency federal working group that endorsed a ban on sales of some military equipment and providing more training, supervision and oversight of others.

""We've seen how militarized gear can sometimes give people a feeling like they're an occupying force, as opposed to a force that's part of the community that's protecting them and serving them,"" Obama said in a speech in Camden, N.J. Monday. He said military equipment can ""alienate and intimidate local residents and may send the wrong message.""

In Camden, Obama highlighted a wide range of administration initiatives to fight crime, improve police-community relations and improve transparency in policing. They include a White House data initiative to encourage local police departments to release more information about arrests and uses of force by police; guidelines for police use of body-worn cameras; and federal grants to help implement community policing strategies.

But the changes to federal policies on the use of military equipment for police received most of the attention, following the use of armored trucks, riot gear, tear gas and assault rifles by police last year in Ferguson, Mo., where days of unrest followed the police shooting of an unarmed 18-year-old man.

Banned will be tracked armored vehicles, bayonets, grenade launchers, camouflage uniforms, and large-caliber weapons and ammunition.

""So we're going to prohibit some equipment made for the battlefield that is not appropriate for local police departments,"" Obama said. ""There's other equipment that may be needed in certain cases, but only with proper training.""

That equipment will be placed on a ""controlled equipment list"" that includes aircraft, wheeled tactical vehicles, mobile command-and-control units, battering rams and riot gear.

To have access to that equipment, police departments must meet national policing standards, track their use and receive approval from the federal government before selling or transferring them.

The ban on prohibited items takes effect immediately, White House Deputy Press Secretary Eric Schultz said. The other recommendations will go into effect Oct. 1, allowing the administration to write more specific rules.

Although those rules haven't been drafted, the White House highlighted one policy by the University of Texas System police that prohibits the use of military vehicles in response to ""exercises of the First Amendment right to free speech"" or as a part of ""any public demonstration or display of police resources.""

To be eligible to purchase that equipment, agencies must adopt ""robust and specific written policies and protocols"" covering not just the use of the federal equipment, but their policing practices in general. Agencies that violate those rules would be barred from future equipment purchases for at least 60 days and, in some cases, be referred to the Justice Department for a civil rights investigation.

Through an executive order in January, Obama asked for federal departments to consult with police and civil rights groups to come up with recommendations on police use of military equipment. Obama ratified those executive actions Monday.

But Congress is also considering legislation. Sen. Claire McCaskill, D-Mo., who is sponsoring one of those bills, called the president's action a step in the right direction and an acknowledgment ""that this federal equipment and funding saves lives, but that these programs are in need of reform ""

In a 50-page report released Monday, the working group noted that many police departments increasingly rely on the federal government for equipment as local budgets are strained. ""Yet, in some neighborhoods and communities, incidents of misuse, overuse, and inappropriate use of controlled equipment occur, and the resulting strain placed on the community and its relationship with law enforcement is severe,"" the report said.",1
3227,Boehner allies downplay GOP rifts,"Washington (CNN) House Speaker John Boehner and his top lieutenants are downplaying the rift among Republicans that was exposed during last week's intense wrangling over funding for the Department of Homeland Security.

The House, Boehner said on Sunday, is a ""rambunctious place.""

""We have 435 members. A lot of members have different ideas about what we should and shouldn't be doing,"" he said during an appearance on CBS's ""Face the Nation.""

Asked if he's capable of leading the chamber, Boehner said: ""I think so. I'm not going to suggest it's easy, because it's not.""

The disagreements among conservatives on procedures and tactics -- and the way those divides have hobbled Boehner -- was on vivid public display Friday when the House, faced with a midnight deadline to keep DHS from a shutdown, failed to pass a three-week extension of its funding.

The party's right flank insisted that it not cave on its demand that any Homeland Security measure also include provisions to undo President Barack Obama's executive actions on immigration. But Democrats blocked that bill from advancing in the Senate, instead sending back a version with all of the immigration portions stripped out and leaving Boehner with few options to mollify his party.

The three-week funding measure, intended to save face and avoid the embarrassment of a shutdown, wound up embarrassing his leadership team anyway. And the House was left to pass a one-week measure instead, pushing the same fight back just several more days.

""Could we have done better Friday? Yes. Will we? Yes, we will,"" House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy R-California, a key Boehner ally, said Sunday on NBC's ""Meet the Press.""

He insisted the party doesn't actually face disagreements on the policy issues at hand.

""We have difference of opinion on strategy and tactics, but on principle we are united,"" McCarthy said.

Boehner's allies feared that if he allowed a vote on the Senate's ""clean"" bill to fund Homeland Security for months without including an attack on Obama over immigration, conservatives would call for a vote to remove him as speaker.

Rep. Charlie Dent, a moderate Pennsylvania Republican, acknowledged on Friday that he'd heard talk of ousting Boehner.

""It's time for all of these, you know, D.C. games to end,"" he said. ""I mean all these palace coups or whatever the hell is going on around here has to end, and we have to get down to business of governing.""

It wouldn't be the first time some conservatives sought to remove Boehner -- but they've never had any success before.

Twenty-five Republicans refused to back him for speaker at the start of the new Congress, but they didn't coalesce around a single challenger, and Boehner ultimately won with 216 of the 408 total votes cast.

But a leading House conservative who's often mentioned as a potential Boehner alternative insisted there's no move afoot to unseat the speaker.

Rep. Jim Jordan, the Ohio Republican who chairs the hard-liner House Freedom Caucus, said Sunday that Boehner's decision to advance a one-week measure won't cost the speaker his job.

""That's not gonna happen,"" Jordan said on CNN's ""State of the Union.""

Jordan said he hasn't had conversations with any conservative House colleagues about overthrowing Boehner.

Asked whether Boehner could be ousted over the issue, Jordan responded: ""No, that's not the point.""

He said he wants to see the House's GOP leadership do well because ""that helps the country succeed.""

Rep. Steve Scalise, a Louisiana Republican who formerly chaired the right-wing Republican Study Committee and is now the House's No. 3-ranking GOP member, said the coming week will allow the House and Senate to try to hash out their differences in a joint conference committee. And he, too, downplayed the perils facing Boehner in an appearance on ""Fox News Sunday.""

""Obviously, our members have a lot of differences on how maybe we want to go about tactics, but our goal is the same,"" he said. ""Our goal is to fight this President's illegal actions on immigration, and we're now in a position to force the Senate to go to conference committee.""

Scalise said conservatives who are frustrated about Friday's outcome should instead turn their ire toward Senate Democrats and pressure the minority party in that chamber to allow the House-passed measure that funds Homeland Security and unravels Obama's immigration actions to receive a vote.

""They need to light up the Senate switchboard,"" Scalise said, ""and make those Senate Democrats feel the heat who have been standing with the president on his illegal actions.""

Still, Boehner acknowledged that his job corralling Republicans is a complicated one.

Asked whether he enjoys it, Boehner responded: ""Most days. Friday wasn't a whole lot of fun. But most days.""",1
1608,The 2016 ballot wars begin,"Killing Obama administration rules, dismantling Obamacare and pushing through tax reform are on the early to-do list.",1
4814,Putting Presidential Polls in Perspective,"Both Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton have struggled to win over a majority of voters, but so far the Democratic nominee has shown greater potential to grow her support",1
2612,Netanyahu rival concedes defeat,"There is an path for Democrats to regain the presidency — and it does not run through Ohio, Michigan or Wisconsin.",1
113,Walter Scott's family plans burial,"Charleston, South Carolina (CNN) The casket is draped with an American flag, and Walter Scott is dressed in a dark suit.

A white banner with a blue star refers to his favorite NFL team. It says: ""Tradition, the Cowboys way.""

A few mourners trickled into the Fielding Home For Funerals in Charleston, South Carolina. Charleston Mayor Joseph Riley comes by to pay his respects and show support for the Scott family.

They are not at Friday night's visitation, the mayor says. The stress of the past week since Scott was fatally shot in the back by a North Charleston police Officer Michael Slager is too much. They went by the funeral home earlier but they are exhausted, he says. They need their privacy now and at Saturday's funeral and burial, he says.

""This is a heartbreaking tragedy for everyone in our community,"" he says, adding they share the grief of their neighbors in North Charleston and with the Scott family. ""It breaks everyone's hearts, wherever we live.""

Meanwhile, police continue to investigate the incident in which Scott ran from his car after a traffic stop then was shot while fleeing from Slager. On Friday afternoon, police met with a man who was in Scott's car when Slager pulled it over for a broken taillight.

The passenger's name wasn't in a police report obtained by CNN. The passenger was detained briefly after the shooting, one officer wrote in the report.

Scott family attorney Chris Stewart said the man with Scott was a co-worker and friend. But he did not identify the friend by name, nor did Thom Berry, a South Carolina Law Enforcement Division spokesman, who confirmed Friday's meeting.

His lawyer, Andy Savage, said Friday he ""has not received the cooperation from law enforcement that the media has.""

Savage's office said in a written statement that it has yet to receive ""any investigative documents, audio or video tapes, other than a copy of Mr. Slager's arrest warrant.""

The news release added that the lawyer has been advised that the police union that Slager belongs to ""is no longer involved in the case.""

The dash cam footage shows Slager talking calmly to Scott during the traffic stop. Scott apparently says he has no insurance on the vehicle, and Slager returns to his car to do paperwork.

Moments later, Scott gets out of his car and bolts. A foot chase ensues. Scott never reappears on the dash cam video, but a witness later takes video of the officer shooting Scott several times in the back as he is running away.

""Nothing in this video demonstrates that the officer's life or the life of another was threatened,"" National Urban League President Marc Morial said. ""The question here is whether the use of force was excessive.""

On Thursday, a new witness emerged in the case. Gwen Nichols told CNN's Brian Todd that she saw a scuffle between Scott and Slager at the entrance to a vacant lot.

""It was like a tussle type of thing, like, you know, like, 'What do you want?' or 'What did I do?' type of thing,"" Nichols said. ""I didn't hear Mr. Slager saying: 'Stop!' ""

Scott was the subject of a bench warrant over $18,104.43 in unpaid child support at the time of the stop, according to court records. That may be why he ran, an attorney for the family said.

Criminal defense attorney Paul Callan said he believes Slager's defense will play up the reported scuffle in arguing that this is not a murder case.

""Defense attorneys will say this was a heat of passion shooting -- (that) this was something that he did suddenly after some kind of an altercation, a physical altercation with a suspect,"" Callan said. ""And that would constitute manslaughter under law, as opposed to murder, and it makes a huge difference in sentencing.""

The investigation has been turned over to the South Carolina Law Enforcement Division, or SLED.

In a statement released Thursday, SLED said its investigators found troubling inconsistencies from the very start.

""We believed early on that there was something not right about what happened in that encounter,"" SLED Chief Mark Keel said in a statement. ""The cell phone video shot by a bystander confirmed our initial suspicions.""

Cell phone videographer: 'Mr. Scott never tried to fight'

Feidin Santana, who took the video of the shooting, told CNN's Anderson Cooper that he was walking to work when he saw Slager on top of Scott, who was on the ground. He said he could hear the sound of a Taser in use.

Santana said he didn't see Scott go after the Taser, as Slager initially claimed. He said he believes Scott was trying to get away.

""Mr. Scott never tried to fight,"" Santana said.

Neither the struggle nor the use of a Taser was captured on video, because Santana started recording shortly after that.

His video shows Scott running away from Slager before the officer aims his gun. Slager fires eight shots toward Scott, striking him five times.

While the initial traffic stop may have seemed to be perfectly normal and professional, and the foot chase a reasonable choice, an analyst saw little justification for that last act.

""I'm not familiar with South Carolina police training, but I guarantee you that they do not teach to shoot a fleeing unarmed man in the back,"" said Jim Bueermann, president of the Police Foundation, a Washington-based nonprofit.

""If it's determined that multiple officers attempted to cover for the shooting officer, and it's shown that those reports were false, this will be a devastating blow for law enforcement everywhere,"" he said.",1
103,Starbucks baristas stop writing 'Race Together' on cups,"In a marketing fiasco that could rank right up there with “New Coke,” Starbucks has ditched its plan to have baristas ignite a national discussion on race after critics advised the chain its view of black and white should revolve around coffee and milk.

The baristas had begun writing ""Race Together"" on customers' cups, as a means of starting a conversation with customers, but the practice ended Sunday after just one week, said company spokesman Jim Olson. But the chain's initiative will continue more broadly without the handwritten messages, Starbucks spokesman Jim Olson said.

The cups were always ""just the catalyst"" for a larger conversation and Starbucks will still hold forum discussions, co-produce special sections in USA Today and put more stores in minority communities as part of the Race Together initiative, according to a company memo from CEO Howard Schultz said.

The campaign has been criticized as opportunistic and inappropriate, coming in the wake of racially charged events such as national protests over police killings of black males. Others questioned whether Starbucks workers could spark productive conversations about race while serving drinks.

The critics blasted Corey duBrowa, the company's senior vice president of global communications, on Twitter after the plan was first announced, calling it patronizing at best and inflammatory at worst. The executive was forced to delete his Twitter account, although he re-activated it the next day.

“Last night I felt personally attacked in a cascade of negativity,” he tweeted. “I got overwhelmed by the volume and tenor of the discussion, and I reacted.”

The phase-out is not a reaction to that pushback, Olson said. ""Nothing is changing. It's all part of the cadence of the timeline we originally planned.""

He echoed the company memo, saying of the Race Together initiative, ""We're leaning into it hard.""

Schultz's note acknowledged the skeptics as an anticipated part of the outreach.

""While there has been criticism of the initiative -- and I know this hasn't been easy for any of you -- let me assure you that we didn't expect universal praise,"" it read.

He said the campaign at its core aims to make sure that ""the promise of the American Dream should be available to every person in this country, not just a select few.""

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
227,House GOP leaders unveil two-year budget deal with White House,"House Republican leaders have unveiled a tentative two-year budget agreement with the Obama White House aimed at preventing a partial government shutdown and forestalling a debt crisis.

The text of the deal was posted to the House Rules Committee's website late Monday, setting up a final debate and vote on the plan Wednesday. Sources told Fox News the House GOP leadership will likely require the support of almost all House Democrats and between 90 and 100 Republicans to see the agreement through.

The measure was to be discussed further at a GOP meeting Tuesday morning.

The budget pact, coupled with a must-pass increase in the federal borrowing limit, would solve the thorniest issues awaiting Rep. Paul Ryan, R-Wis., who is set to be elected Speaker of the House on Thursday. However, sources told Fox that conservatives opposed to Ryan as speaker may use the proposed budget as a reason to vote against the House Ways and Means committee chair. Not enough members were expected to defect to imperil Ryan's ultimate election.

The deal would also take budget showdowns and government shutdown fights off the table until after the 2016 presidential election, a potential boon to Republican candidates who might otherwise face uncomfortable questions about messes in the GOP-led Congress.

Congress must raise the federal borrowing limit by Nov. 3 or risk a first-ever default, while money to pay for government operations runs out Dec. 11 unless Congress acts. The emerging framework would give both the Pentagon and domestic agencies two years of budget relief of $80 billion in exchange for cuts elsewhere in the budget.

Outlined for rank-and-file Republicans in a closed-door session Monday night, the budget relief would total $50 billion in the first year and $30 billion in the second year.

""Let's declare success,"" House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, R-Calif., told Republicans, according to Rep. David Jolly, R-Fla., as the leadership sought to rally support for the emerging deal.

A chief selling point for GOP leaders is that the alternative is chaos and a stand-alone debt limit increase that might be forced on Republicans. But conservatives in the conference who drove Boehner to resign were not ready to fall in line.

""This is again just the umpteenth time that you have this big, big, huge deal that'll last for two years and we were told nothing about it, and in fact even today, were not given the details"" said Rep. John Fleming, R-La. ""And we're probably going to have to vote on it in less than 48 hours.""

""I'm not excited about it at all,"" said Rep. Matt Salmon, R-Ariz. ""A two-year budget deal that raises the debt ceiling for basically the entire term of this presidency.""

The agreement was panned by two prominent conservative groups, Heritage Action and the Club for Growth. The two organizations issued a joint statement saying the deal was ""brokered by a lame-duck speaker and a lame duck president [and] represents the very worst of Washington – a last minute deal that increases spending and debt under the auspices of fiscal responsibility.""

The measure under discussion would suspend the current $18.1 trillion debt limit through March 2017. The budget portion would increase the current ""caps"" on total agency spending by $50 billion in 2016 and $30 billion in 2017, offset by savings elsewhere in the budget. And it would permit about $16 billion to be added on top of that in 2016, classified as war funding, with a comparable boost in 2017.

Among the proposed spending cuts are curbs on Medicare payments for outpatient services provided by hospitals that have taken over doctors' practices, and an extension of a 2 percentage-point cut in Medicare payments to doctors through the end of a 10-year budget.

The budget side of the deal is aimed at undoing automatic spending cuts which are a byproduct of a 2011 budget and debt deal and the failure of Washington to subsequently tackle the government's fiscal woes. GOP defense hawks are a driving force, intent on reversing the automatic cuts and getting more money for the military.

The focus is on setting a new overall spending limit for agencies whose operating budgets are set by Congress each year. It will be up to the House and Senate Appropriations committees to produce a detailed omnibus spending bill by the Dec. 11 deadline.

There's also a drawdown from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve, reforms to crop insurance, and savings reaped from a Justice Department funds for crime victims and involving assets seized from criminals.

The legislation also would clean up expected problems in Social Security and Medicare by fixing a shortfall looming next year in Social Security payments to the disabled, as well as a large increase in Medicare premiums and deductibles for doctors' visits and other outpatient care.

The deal, which would apply to the 2016-17 budget years, resembles a pact that Ryan himself put together two years ago in concert with Sen. Patty Murray, D-Wash., that eased automatic spending cuts for the 2014-15 budget years. A lot of conservatives disliked that measure.

""It is past time that we do away with the harmful, Draconian sequester cuts,"" said Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid, D-Nev. ""We must also ensure that there are equal defense and nondefense increases.""

The deal would make good on a promise Boehner made in the days after announcing his surprise resignation from Congress last month. He said at the time: ""I don't want to leave my successor a dirty barn. I want to clean the barn up a little bit before the next person gets there.""

Some of the more moderate Republican members welcomed the emerging deal and applauded Boehner.

""The outline that was presented seems like a path forward,"" said Rep. Charlie Dent, R-Pa. ""He said he was going to try to clean the barn and this is a good start.""

Fox News' Chad Pergram and the Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
1207,The Edge: Iowa loss turns down Trump's volume in N.H.,"**Want FOX News First in your inbox every day? Sign up here.**

Buzz Cut:

 • The Edge: Iowa loss turns down Trump’s volume in N.H. 

 • Jeb says plan was to deploy Dubya ‘nearing the end’

 • Bush, Christie camps coordinate to kill off Rubio

 • Debate, poll foretell long slog for Hillary

 • Still gotcha



THE EDGE: IOWA LOSS TURNS DOWN TRUMP’S VOLUME IN N.H.

 We know that Iowa caucus results can change the discussion in New Hampshire and here’s the proof. Prior to Monday night, Donald Trump dominated media mentions within the state of New Hampshire the same way he dominated polls. But, according to research by The New Analytics Company, Trump’s lead in mentions has been cut in half.

 

 Second-place Marco Rubio slipped a fraction of a point but Trump’s share of media time was robbed by a host of other candidates, especially those who are placing long-shot bets on the Granite State. Trump’s slippage brings him nearly into parity with Rubio in the New Hampshire media.

 

 Iowa winner Ted Cruz got a boost and now the overall discussion in the first-in-the-nation primary state reflects what polls have been showing: a three-man race with no one else even close.

 

 The team at New Analytics has built The Edge, a unique tool to measure which candidates are being talked about the most, and provided the first look to Fox News First.

 

 Here are the rankings for the candidate’s shares of media mentions in New Hampshire after the Iowa caucuses. Points gained or lost from before Iowa are listed in brackets. See the full results here.

 

 Donald Trump, 31.67 [-7.35]; Marco Rubio, 26.09 [-.45]; Ted Cruz, 21.58 [+1.48]; Jeb Bush, 7.28 [+3.77]; Chris Christie, 5.61 [+5.22]; John Kasich, 5.27 [-4.88]; Ben Carson, 13.97 [+2.21]

 

 Q Poll shows three-man race - Fox News: “A new national poll shows Republicans continue to back Donald Trump for a White House bid but believe Florida Sen. Marco Rubio has the best shot of beating a Democratic candidate in the general election. Trump leads the GOP pack with 31 percent, followed by Texas Sen. Ted Cruz with 22 percent and Florida Sen. Marco Rubio with 19 percent, according to the Quinnipiac University National poll released Friday…The poll found that the strongest candidates to go head-to-head in a general election match-up would be Sanders and Rubio.”

 

 JEB SAYS PLAN WAS TO DEPLOY DUBYA ‘NEARING THE END’

 MSNBC’s morning show has become something of a therapy session by those upset by the rise of Marco Rubio. Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush joined host Joe Scarborough, a former Republican Florida congressmen famous for his Rubio resentments, for some therapeutic venting this morning. Bush and Scarborough commiserated about the success of a candidate whom they both deem unworthy, but Bush slipped a bit when talking about his own campaign.

 

 Bush was asked by another host why it took him so long to deploy his brother, former President George W. Bush, in the primary race. The super PAC trying to keep Jeb Bush’s campaign afloat unveiled an ad featuring the 43rd president, a sharp departure from the original campaign strategy of distancing him from his older brother. The struggling presidential contender explained the timing by saying that the “intention was to do it nearing the end.”

 

 Who would have thought that the end would be near for former frontrunner Bush even before the first primary was held?

 

 Righteous brother - “We are righteous in making sure there’s no coordination [with the super PAC he founded to back his campaign]. But I knew [George W. Bush] was going to campaign for me in South Carolina, for which I’m grateful…I love my brother and a lot of Republicans do as well.” – Jeb Bush on “The Kelly File” Watch here.

 

 Bush, Christie camps coordinate to kill off Rubio - NYT: “Members of the Bush and Christie campaigns have communicated about their mutual desire to halt Mr. Rubio’s rise in the polls, according to Republican operatives familiar with the conversations. While emails, texts and phone calls between operatives in rival campaigns are not uncommon in the tight-knit world of political strategists, the contact among senior aides in the two campaigns has drifted toward musings about what can be done to stop or at least slow Mr. Rubio, the operatives said. In a sign of a budding alliance, the aides have, for example, exchanged news articles that raise potential areas of vulnerability for Mr. Rubio. There is no formal coordination, the operatives stressed, but rather a recognition of a shared agenda. ‘We do have similar goals,’ an adviser to Mr. Christie said.”

 

 [The Hill: “Massachusetts Gov. Charlie Baker (R) will endorse Chris Christie in the Republican presidential race, a new report says.”]

 

 Jeb & Co. focus on Santorum ‘accomplishments’ stumble - USA Today: “The intra-party battle against Marco Rubio is focusing on his Senate experience — or lack thereof…Bush told MSNBC’s Morning Joe, ‘and the net effect is that we’re languishing as a nation.’ Christie has leveled similar criticisms, noting that one of Rubio’s new endorsers — former presidential candidate Rick Santorum — couldn’t cite any specific Rubio accomplishments in the Senate. The New Jersey governor also describes Rubio as a ‘bubble boy’ who avoids tough questions. Rubio’s poll numbers in New Hampshire are rising in the wake of his strong finish in Iowa. Christie and Bush are looking to bring down those numbers, seeking to become the main establishment alternative to Iowa winner Ted Cruz and the still-well-polling Donald Trump.”

 

 [NRO’s Jonah Goldberg makes the case that calling Rubio the “Republican Obama” may not actually be a bad thing.]

 

 Fox News Sunday: The Anti-Rubio caucus - Mr. Sunday has the whole crew of candidates hoping to knock of Marco Rubio in New Hampshire: Jeb Bush, Chris Christie, and John Kasich. Watch “Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace” at 2 p.m. and 6 p.m. ET on the Fox News Channel. Check local listings for broadcast times in your area.

 

 WITH YOUR SECOND CUP OF COFFEE…

 The ethics of animal conservation can be tricky. Sometimes conservation of one species requires the elimination of another. The New Yorker brings us the tale of the Channel Island Turkeys, which were eradicated from the islands to save the native foxes, but the story goes deeper than that: “The sheep on Santa Cruz Island, off the coast of Southern California, were the first to go. They had been imported by schooner in the mid-nineteenth century, and, beginning in the early nineteen-eighties, tens of thousands of their feral descendants were eradicated. Later it was the hogs’ turn to face the gun. Between 2005 and 2006, more than five thousand were killed. By the following year, Santa Cruz was certified pig-free—a boon, perhaps, for the island’s oak trees, whose acorns the animals particularly loved. The next round of exterminations targeted several hundred turkeys.”

 

 Got a TIP from the RIGHT or the LEFT? Email FoxNewsFirst@FOXNEWS.COM

 

 POLL CHECK

 Real Clear Politics Averages

 National GOP nomination: Trump 33.2 percent; Cruz 20.7 percent; Rubio 13.3 percent; Carson 7.8 percent

 New Hampshire GOP Primary: Trump 32.4 percent; Rubio 15 percent; Cruz 12.6 percent; Kasich 11 percent; Bush 9.8 percent

 National Dem nomination: Clinton 50.5 percent; Sanders 37.2 percent

 New Hampshire Dem Primary: Sanders 57.8; Clinton 35.5 percent

 General Election Clinton vs. Trump: Clinton +2.7 points

 Generic Congressional Vote: Republicans +0.5

 

 DEBATE, POLL FORETELL LONG SLOG FOR HILLARY

 A contentious, sometimes nasty, Democratic debate between presumptive nominee Hillary Clinton and her rival, socialist Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., foreshadowed a long, ugly march to victory for Clinton. And a new poll out today shows just how long it might be.

 

 The Quinnipiac University national poll shows Clinton’s support has collapsed since the last survey in December, losing nearly 20 points to fall into a statistical tie with Sanders. Clinton is still popular with Democrats, but hard sentiment seems to be growing. Some 22 percent of Democrats hold unfavorable views of Clinton, more than double Sanders. The Vermont senator also holds the highest overall favorability among any candidate in either party at 44 percent and performs better in the general election matchup against all Republicans than Clinton. That’s strong evidence that her electability argument isn’t working.

 

 Clinton’s battering of Sanders in Thursday’s debate suggests she is aware of her predicament. But she likely worsened her plight as she not only went scorched earth after Sanders but also made several head-scratching claims including that she was not part of the Democratic establishment.

 

 She can still be considered a lock for the nomination but it is almost as if her preparations for a long, ugly process was a prediction rather than a precaution.

 

 [Dan Balz was ringside for fight night at the University of New Hampshire. Read his blow-by-blow account here.]

 

 POWER PLAY: SANDERS CHILLS HILLARY IN NEW HAMPSHIRE

 Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders is giving presumed Democratic nominee a run for her money in the Granite State. He’s favored to win and being from a neighboring state his favorability makes sense. But does his win actually hurt Hillary? GOPAC Inc., Chairman Dave Avella and Democratic strategist Joe Trippi weigh in to Chris Stirewalt. WATCH HERE.

 

 Dem chairwoman holds the line for Hillary’s contested Iowa win - “There are over 1,800 precincts in Iowa. The party ran a caucus that is very complex. At the same time, in every one of those precincts. That said, challenging job, the closest race that we have had in their caucus’ history and I’m confident the process and   outcome was effective and without question.” – Debbie Wasserman Schultz, DNC chairwoman, on the DMR editorial slamming the Iowa Democratic caucus in an interview with Shannon Bream.

 

 [Manhattan Institute health care scholar Yevgeniy Feyman finds lots of similarities between the health plans proposed by Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders.]

 

 #mediabuzz - Host Howard Kurtz heads to New Hampshire this week to talk with New Hampshire Union Leader editor Joe McQuaid ahead of his state’s pivotal primary. Watch “#mediabuzz” Sunday at 11 a.m. ET, with a second airing at 5 p.m.

 

 STILL GOTCHA

 CBC: “Mousetraps: they just don’t make ‘em like they used to. A Victorian mousetrap is still doing what it was designed to do, catch mice — albeit accidentally. ‘Isn’t it amazing that a mousetrap that is 155 years old is still doing its job?’ says Guy Baxter, an archivist with the Museum of English Rural Life in Reading, England. Baxter says the mousetrap, which was on display at the museum captured a mouse…The trap was manufactured by Colin Pullinger & Sons’ in 1861. It’s a time when Queen Victoria was on the throne, the U.S. Civil war had just started and Canada was still ‘British North America.’ They also had mice. ‘Let’s pay tribute to the Victorians, and how wonderfully they managed to make things,’ Baxter says.”

 

 Chris Stirewalt is digital politics editor for Fox News. Want FOX News First in your inbox every day? Sign up here.

Chris Stirewalt joined Fox News Channel (FNC) in July of 2010 and serves as digital politics editor based in Washington, D.C.  Additionally, he authors the daily ""Fox News First"" political news note and hosts ""Power Play,"" a feature video series, on FoxNews.com. Stirewalt makes frequent appearances on the network, including ""The Kelly File,"" ""Special Report with Bret Baier,"" and ""Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace.""  He also provides expert political analysis for Fox News coverage of state, congressional and presidential elections.",1
2726,“Idiocy”: New York Times editorial board scorches GOP’s nuclear sabotage,"In keeping with the generally staid disposition of the Gray Lady, one might have expected the New York Times editorial board to chide the Republican senators seeking to torpedo the Iran nuclear talks as “misguided,” “wrongheaded,” “imprudent,” or some such. But instead, the Times on Thursday published  a scathing editorial condemning the GOP’s diplomatic sabotage in unusually blistering language: The GOP’s stunts, the headline announces, reflect nothing less than “Republican Idiocy on Iran.”

Denouncing Sen. Tom Cotton’s (R-AR) “disgraceful and irresponsible” letter to the Iranian leadership — signed by 46 other GOP senators — the Times’ editors contend that by warning Iran’s leaders that a future president could nix a nuclear deal, Republicans engaged in “a blatant, dangerous effort to undercut the president on a grave national security issue by communicating directly with a foreign government.”

“Besides being willing to sabotage any deal with Iran (before they know the final details), these Republicans are perfectly willing to diminish America’s standing as a global power capable of crafting international commitments and adhering to them,” the editors write, echoing the criticism put forth by Vice President Joe Biden, who issued a statement this week arguing that the letter conveys “a highly misleading signal to friend and foe alike that that our Commander-in-Chief cannot deliver on America’s commitments — a message that is as false as it is dangerous.”

Although many Cotton detractors seized on the Iranian foreign minister’s swift dismissal of the communiqué, the Times notes that it could nevertheless “embolden hard-liners in Iran” who seek confrontation, not conciliation.

“In rejecting diplomacy, the Republicans make an Iranian bomb and military conflict more likely,” the Times concludes.

For many, that may be precisely the point.",1
4139,Six cities submit bids to host 2016 Democratic National Convention,"(CNN) - Meet the super six vying for the 2016 Democratic National Convention.

The Democratic National Committee on Saturday revealed the six cities - Birmingham, Alabama; Cleveland, Columbus, Ohio; New York, Philadelphia and Phoenix - who submitted bids to host the marquee campaign season event.

""We're thrilled with all the fantastic options that we have going into the next cycle,"" DNC chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz said in a press release.

""We look forward to evaluating these bids and selecting a city to host this special gathering of Democrats.""

The press release said a technical advisory committee will evaluate the cities over the coming months, including site visits and ""other inquiries."" The DNC said it will announce its decision later this year or in early 2015.

The Republican National Committee is farther along in its winnowing process. Denver, Dallas, Cleveland and Kansas City are the final cities bidding to hold the 2016 GOP convention. The RNC expects to announce its final decision in the fall.

In a letter to the DNC, New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio pitched Brooklyn as the focal point for the Big Apple's bid to host the 2016 party confab.

The progressive mayor, elected just last November, intends to have the sprawling Barclays Center - home to the NBA's Brooklyn Nets - anchor the bid and serve as the principal venue site for the convention, with other events and accommodations spread across Brooklyn, Manhattan and New York's other boroughs.

The last time New York City hosted a party's presidential nominating convention was the 2004 Republican National Convention. It last hosted a Democratic convention in 1992. Both of those conventions were held in Manhattan's Madison Square Garden.

Among the other final five choices for the Democrat's, Philadelphia is the only one to previously host a major party convention. In 2000, Republicans officially nominated George W. Bush as the party's standard bearer at the then-named First Union Center.

As first reported by CNN's Mark Preston in April, New York is one of 15 cities that were sent an official request for proposal by the DNC. Those cities were Atlanta, Chicago, Cleveland, Columbus (Ohio), Detroit, Indianapolis, Las Vegas, Miami, Nashville, New York, Orlando, Philadelphia, Phoenix, Pittsburgh and Salt Lake City.

CNN Political Editor Paul Steinhauser and Jason Seher contributed to this report.",1
615,Chris Christie landslide: Template for a Republican presidential win in 2016? (+video),"Gov. Chris Christie shattered the GOP gender gap in blue-state New Jersey, winning 57 percent of women voters. He also won a third of Democrats, a majority of Latinos, and nearly half of union voters.

Gov. Chris Christie (R) of New Jersey greets supporters after his election night victory speech in Asbury Park, N.J. on Tuesday. The governor's reelection victory was seen as boosting his widely expected bid for the White House in 2016 as a candidate with appeal across the political spectrum.

New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie made an emphatic case to reshape the Republican brand Tuesday with a rousing 21-point landslide win in one of the most Democratic states in the country.

It was the first time a Republican has won more than 50 percent of a statewide vote in New Jersey since the presidential election in 1988, bolstering the case that Governor Christie alone can break through the blue-state gauntlet that has stymied GOP hopes the last two presidential elections.

Exuding a straight-talking, tough-guy persona – not a few have thrown out Tony Soprano comparisons – Christie arguably has become the most appealing and charismatic politician in the country, as well as the most visible Republican presidential hopeful at the moment.

“I did not seek a second term to do small things,” he said during his victory speech Tuesday evening, invoking the “spirit of Sandy,” the superstorm that ravaged the state a year ago. “I sought a second term to finish the job. Now watch me do it.”

“It’s no longer a job for me,” he said, later in the speech. “It’s a mission. A mission is something that is different from a job. It’s something sacred.”

His Democratic opponent, state Sen. Barbara Buono, never seemed more than an afterthought. She was ignored by essential donors and practically shunned by Democratic Party leaders wary of angering the popularly pugnacious governor. Indeed, Senator Buono struggled simply to make her name known – while Christie was able to clip a CNN mic to his tie as he stepped into a local diner election morning.

Buono bitterly denounced “the bosses and the political machines that have defined New Jersey’s politics for far too long,” thanking workers who “withstood the onslaught of betrayal from our own political party.”

As Christie racked up Democratic endorsements this week – he won 32 percent of Democrats, according to exit polls – he ended a carefully crafted gubernatorial campaign that barely tried to hide its national focus -- and its likely further goal in 2016.

And his double-digit leads in the polls throughout the campaign didn’t stop Christie from pressing his case right up to Election Day. For the past week, the governor has crisscrossed the Garden State on a 90-stop bus tour, campaigning as if his political life depended on it. His object was not simply to win, but to make an emphatic statement.

The bus tour, in fact, could easily be been seen as the kickoff of his little-doubted campaign for the White House. With a strategy designed to jump-start a Republican Party thwarted by a growing gender gap and the dearth of any significant minority support, Christie trumpeted his cross-party appeal.

Not only did Christie relentlessly court blacks and Hispanics during the final days of the campaign, he set the chattering classes abuzz when, on Monday, he campaigned with Gov. Susana Martinez, the moderate Republican from New Mexico who made history by becoming the first Latina ever elected governor in the United States.

Governor Martinez, in fact, is the only other governor Christie brought along during his entire 2013 run. Like him, Martinez is young moderate in a blue-leaning state who has worked with a Democratic legislature – although, unlike her New Jersey counterpart, she embraced the Medicaid expansion of Obamacare.

“I need you tomorrow night. I need you badly,” Christie said while campaigning with Martinez Monday. “We’ve got to deliver tomorrow, because the whole country is watching, everybody. The whole country is watching.”

The suggestive and unprecedented pairing of two moderate Republican governors would immediately address the electoral hurdles facing any GOP nominee in 2016. And given the disgust voters have expressed for the political climate in Washington, both could hammer home their anti-Beltway bonafides.

“And that will send a loud and clear message to those knuckleheads in Washington, D.C. – they’re going to see that we do it differently,” Christie said Monday. “Imagine this: Imagine that on one night in our history, the whole country is looking to New Jersey for leadership.”

His efforts paid off. The governor won an impressive 57 percent of women and took a majority of Latino voters. He even garnered 21 percent of black voters – a significant inroad for a Republican. He also won nearly half of union voters and those under the age of 30.

But questions remain. Conservative Republicans point out that the party already nominated a blue-state moderate in Mitt Romney – and he was beaten soundly by President Obama in 2012. And New Jersey’s fiscal health remains suspect: The state has some of the highest property taxes in the nation, its credit rating fell during Christie’s tenure, and poverty has reached a 52-year high.

And the conservative wing of the Republican Party, fueled by a motivated and angry tea party base, has begun to galvanize around Texas Sen. Ted Cruz and Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul. The most common reference to Christie in deep red-state territory is RINO – “Republican in name only.”

Yet, Christie triumphed resoundingly in bluest of blue New Jersey, even while Ken Cuccinelli, the tea party favorite in the much more conservative state of Virginia, lost to Democrat Terry McAuliffe, who was hardly beloved by voters.

Still, the governor’s Jersey pugnaciousness can, at times, undermine his attempts at bipartisanship. This weekend he was caught on camera wagging his finger at a female teacher, reportedly saying, “I’m sick of you people,” after the woman asked why he called New Jersey public schools “failure factories.” (Christie claims he said no matter how much money the state spends, “it will never be enough for you people.”)

The country can expect more of this Jersey punch in the next three years.

“See, listen, we’re New Jersey,” Christie said during his victory speech. “We still fight, we still yell, but when we fight, we fight for those things that really matter in people’s lives. And while we may not always agree, we show up.”",1
4643,Clinton Camp Tries to Deflect Suspicion as FBI Reopens Email Case,"After the bombshell announcement Friday that the FBI is reopening the Clinton email investigation, Hillary Clinton looked awkward on the campaign trail as she tried to take suspicion off herself and put it on FBI Director James Comey.

""Some of you may have heard about a letter,"" Clinton said to a chorus of boos from her supporters. ""It's pretty strange to put something like that out with such little information right before an election. In fact, it's not just strange, it's unprecedented and it is deeply troubling.""

The Wall Street Journal reported that Comey's letter sent to lawmakers Friday said that 650,000 emails were discovered on the laptop of disgraced former Congressman Anthony Wiener, the estranged husband of Clinton's top aide, Huma Abedin. Weiner is under criminal investigation for allegedly sexting a teen.

Metadata on the emails suggests thousands of those messages could have been sent to or from then-Secretary of State Clinton's private server.

Comey said the FBI would take steps to review those emails to see if any were classified. A law enforcement official says the intelligence agency has obtained a search warrant.

""We commend the FBI for reopening this case and having the courage to stand up for the principle because no one is above the law in the United States of America,"" Republican vice presidential candidate Mike Pence told supporters in North Carolina.

But Clinton campaign chair John Podesta attacked Comey, telling CNN, ""To throw this in the middle of the campaign 11 days out just seemed to break with precedent and be inappropriate at this stage.""

Both campaigns want the FBI to release what it knows, but since it's an ongoing investigation, that's probably not likely.

According to multiple reports, many agents in the FBI were unhappy with Comey's original handling of the Clinton email investigation and his decision not to recommend charges against her.

Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump called it the biggest scandal since Watergate: ""We never thought we were going to say 'thank you' to Anthony Weiner,"" he said.

The reopened FBI investigation is sure to impact a race that has already tightened, with the latest polls showing Trump has made it a virtual dead heat.",1
2895,Obama ties his fate to Iran nuclear deal,"Washington (CNN) President Barack Obama on Thursday effectively placed his diplomatic legacy largely in the hands of Iranian revolutionary clerics who've waged a proxy war against the U.S. for three decades.

With a framework deal to halt Tehran's nuclear program, Obama moved closer to the kind of staggering diplomatic breakthrough with the Islamic Republic that would have been unthinkable just a few years ago.

If the political agreement reached in Switzerland turns into a genuine pact honored by both sides, Obama will be entitled to a place in history as the leader who defused an intensely bitter estrangement with Iran.

But he also took personal ownership of a fraught negotiating process full of false starts and deep divisions, one that hinges on the sides' ability to hammer out a host of devilish details by a June 30 final deadline in the face of vocal opposition from domestic and international critics.

If the deal falls apart, it will be hard to refute charges by critics that Obama's insistence on negotiating directly with U.S. enemies -- a tactic at the heart of his political philosophy -- is deeply naive and futile.

The risks of Obama's choice, and the challenge of resolving tough issues to get to a final agreement by July, were clear within minutes of news breaking that a deal was reached in Lausanne.

Obama quickly appeared in the White House Rose Garden, not for the victory lap that presidents often take in this picturesque spot, but to launch an impassioned defense of the contentious deal.

His sales pitch was concise: There is no other better way to prevent Iran from moving covertly to build a nuclear weapon.

""When you hear the inevitable critics of the deal sound off, ask them a simple question: Do you really think that this verifiable deal, if fully implemented, backed by the world's major powers, is a worse option than the risk of another war in the Middle East?"" Obama said.

""Is it worse than doing what we've done for almost two decades with Iran moving forward with its nuclear program and without robust inspections?""

The question now is whether Obama's skills of persuasion -- hardly his strong suit -- will convince critics that his negotiators got a good deal. First signs were not encouraging for the White House.

Republican House Speaker John Boehner warned that Congress would continue to press for a vote on the deal, which might derail its long-term prospects given the extent of Republican opposition. Another pending bill that has the potential to scuttle the negotiations would impose additional sanctions on Tehran.

Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina attacked the president's posture on Thursday as he, too, emphasized that Congress must review a final deal.

""We simply cannot take President Obama's word that it is this or war,"" he said.

The March 31 deadline -- twice pushed back -- was originally imposed on the process in order to help Obama's political prospects of selling the deal to Congress, which has final say on lifting U.S. sanctions on Iran. Several Democrats had indicated that they planned to join with Republicans on the controversial bills, but they pledged to hold up consideration of the measures until late March so Obama could show the talks were making progress and should be bolstered rather than tanked by legislators.

While the Republicans' response Thursday demonstrated that the framework deal had not placated them, skeptical Democrats were more noncommittal on how they would respond.

""We now need to take a close look at the details to determine if the compromises made are worth the dismantling of years of pressure built on Iran,"" said Rep. Eliot Engel of New York, the top Democrat on the House Foreign Affairs Committee.

New York Rep. Steve Israel more clearly showed that Obama could well face an intraparty challenge.

""The details deserve and must get a vote by the U.S. Congress,"" he said in a statement. ""Until the full details are provided to Congress on June 30th, you can keep me in the 'highly skeptical' column.""

Obama also faces intense displeasure from many of America's closest allies in the Middle East, countries such as Israel and Saudi Arabia that are directly in the Iranian line of fire. They are concerned that the United States may be giving up leverage on Iran by lifting sanctions while leaving Tehran's nuclear infrastructure intact.

The president nodded to this challenge in the Rose Garden when he said that he would invite the leaders of the Gulf Cooperation Council to Camp David this spring to discuss raging Middle East turmoil, much of it aided by Tehran.

He also spoke to Saudi Arabia's King Salman and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, with whom he has feuded over Iran.

Netanyahu has powerful allies on Capitol Hill, and will be sure to lobby for the bills seeking to constrain the administration in its deal-making with Iran as the final deadline nears.

Already Thursday, Israel called the celebrations in Switzerland ""disconnected from reality"" and said Iran would use a ""poor framework"" for a ""bad and dangerous"" deal to move towards nuclear war.

And the Obama administration's Iranian counterparts have their own treacherous path to getting approval of their part of the deal -- making Obama's bold endorsement of the provisional agreement particularly perilous.

Iran's top negotiator, Foreign Minister Mohammad Javed Zarif, must convince Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei and hardliners in Iran's Revolutionary Guard Corps to accept the deal and permit its implementation.

""Javad Zarif will have to sell this deal like we will. His task is not simple, or a given,"" a senior administration official said.

Like Obama, Zarif wasted no time, boasting at a news conference in Switzerland that Tehran had retained its right to enrich uranium (to 3.67 percent, according to a White House fact sheet distributed at the deal's announcement) and would not lose its nuclear infrastructure.

And Iranian swagger like that -- a political necessity for Zarif -- emphasizes the very aspects of the deal that make its American critics most concerned.

Another key point of contention is how comprehensive the inspections will be. While the U.N.'s International Atomic Energy Agency will have unprecedented access to Iran's declared nuclear facilities under the deal, many in the West wanted inspectors to have unfettered access to any site of their choosing since Tehran has hidden nuclear operations in the past.

The White House fact sheet said that the IAEA inspectors ""will have regular access"" to all of Iran's facilities but did not specify how that would be achieved.

""The nuclear flaw in this agreement is the fact that we will not be able to go anywhere, go anytime,"" said Mark Dubowitz of the Foundation for the Defense of Democracies.

""The IAEA is going to have to work with the Iranians. What the Iranian government has shown over decades is the ability to defeat the IAEA with stonewalling, delay and deviousness.""

But the senior official said that the U.S. negotiating team was confident that the talks on a final deal would produce an agreement on a ""mechanism"" that would resolve disputes over access to Iranian sites.

Skeptics also questioned Obama's assurance that lifted sanctions could ""snap back"" in place if Iran transgressed once the agreement went into force. Debates are already raging about the sequence in which sanctions will be lifted on Iran and on why the United States would bolster Iran's coffers by lifting sanctions at a time when it is blaming Tehran for destabilizing the Middle East.

The White House, however, has other concessions to point to.

The deal will cut Iran's stocks of centrifuges, require the conversion of an underground enrichment facility at Fordow to a research center and limit the output of another reactor at Arak, among other requirements.

In return the United States and other world powers will lift sanctions that have throttled Iran's economy, offering it the tantalizing prospect of a return to full membership within the international community.

Karim Sadjadpour, an Iran expert at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, said the deal was close to ""win, win"" for both Iran and the United States. He added, however, ""We don't want to get too ahead of ourselves.""

He continued, ""What was announced today is the engagement. The wedding is scheduled to take place in July, but there is going to be a vigorous debate about the prenuptial agreement, and there is no guarantee this wedding will take place on time.""

Though the four-page White House fact sheet left many technical questions unanswered, the deal surprised some experts and political figures with its detail and specificity.

That's something that Jim Walsh, from the Security Studies Program at Massachusetts Institute of Technology, suggested could help sway worried Democrats.

""I think they have put themselves in pretty good shape to go to that community and defend the deal. They ended up with a lot more than most of us were expecting,"" Walsh said.

Still, even Obama admitted that the success of the initiative was far from certain. If the framework deal snags on the unresolved technical details before the final deadline on June 30, or if Tehran tries to cheat in years to come, Obama's hopes of a foreign policy victory for the ages will founder as well.

""The President's strategy has been absolutely incoherent in the Middle East in general. He is pinning his legacy on this agreement,"" Republican Rep. Martha McSally of Arizona told CNN's Wolf Blitzer.

But so far, that legacy has received a boost from the week's events, even though Republicans tried to paint the twice-delayed announcement of the deal as a sign that Obama wouldn't be able to deliver. That doesn't mean, though, that his fortunes couldn't change -- and change quickly.

""You've got quite a significant accomplishment,"" Aaron David Miller, a former U.S. Middle East peace negotiator, told CNN. ""Is it perfect? No.""

He concluded, ""He bet a lot on this. He's wrapped the last remaining 20 months of his presidency on what could be the most significant accomplishment on foreign policy -- if in fact all of this holds.""",1
1794,What advantages does Scott Walker offer?,"Every GOP presidential candidate, most especially in a crowded field with lots of solid contenders, needs to answer a single question: Why me and not one of the 20 or so other hopefuls who are running? We will look at a number of candidates, each with a different argument for his or her candidacy. We will start today with the candidate who got the most buzz in Iowa.

In a recent interview Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker made his own case, which I think, can be boiled down to 10 key points:

1. Republicans “can’t win with just Republican votes,” he says. Forget the ones pitching far to the right or the ones with no sell to disaffected (Walker calls them “discerning”) Democrats. Find someone who can put together an electoral majority as Walker did. Three times.

2. The GOP needs a standard-bearer, he says, with both the “courage and the capacity” to win and get a conservative agenda enacted. It is an uphill climb for senators to make the case (although possible). He has been among state leaders in Ohio, Iowa, Michigan, New Jersey and elsewhere who won with a diverse electorate and then successfully passed a conservative agenda.

3. He has done at the state level the things Republicans want to do nationally — cut taxes, implement school choice, achieve health-care reform, promote business and job growth, and defend taxpayers against public employee unions. In other words, his record is relevant to this presidential election.

4. He can articulate well a vision that does not appeal only to entrepreneurs. As he likes to say, every American wants the chance “to live his or her piece of the American dream.” That dream does not necessarily include starting one’s own business, but can be owning a home, sending a kid to college, raising a family in a safe city, etc.

5. He understands Republicans want to “boldly chart out” a vision for the country. Conservatives call this “painting in bold colors,” and he surely did that in Iowa.

6. He is a feisty pol who took on and beat the left three times in four years. He says with the right amount of cockiness, “I wouldn’t be betting against me.”

7.  On foreign policy, he is as fluent at this point in the campaign on national security as any first-time nominee in recent memory (with the exception of Sen. John McCain in 2008) and has only begun to talk about the subject. (Did Bill Clinton know any more in 1992?) But a good deal of the issue here is about temperament. Walker is neither unpredictably explosive nor excessively excitable. That can’t be said about a number of candidates. The ability to project steely resolve certainly matters here, as does his belief in the United States’ unique role in the world.

8. There is no obvious flaw. The “Pawlenty did too” argument does not wash; former Minnesota governor Tim Pawlenty did not have the record nor the political chops Walker does. The issue here is: Who else could appeal to the full gamut of Republicans?

9. He is a proven winner. Call him the un-Romney, who lost three times (once for Senate and twice for president).

10. He can embrace his ordinariness, his modest background and his lack of a college degree. He received no advantage from family, inherited wealth, or extraordinary luck. He succeeded by tenacity and desire — the precise qualities he suggests should allow any American to rise.

As we go through the campaign, we will look at a number of candidates and ask what unique advantages he or she has. As for Walker, it is hard to argue he lacks the potential to distinguish himself from the rest of the field. The question will be whether he successfully does so.",1
1263,Draft-Dodger Trump Said Sleeping Around Was My ‘Personal Vietnam’,"In a 1997 Howard Stern interview, the future presidential candidate likened sleeping with multiple women to service in the war he repeatedly avoided.

Draft-dodger Donald Trump once said that the danger he faced from getting sexually transmitted diseases was his own “personal Vietnam.”

In a 1997 interview with shock jock Howard Stern, Trump talked about how he had been “lucky” not to have contracted diseases when he was sleeping around.

“I’ve been so lucky in terms of that whole world. It is a dangerous world out there. It’s scary, like Vietnam. Sort of like the Vietnam-era,” Trump said in a video that resurfaced Tuesday on Buzzfeed, “It is my personal Vietnam. I feel like a great and very brave soldier.”

It wasn’t the only time the Republican frontrunner for president would liken his personal life to wartime service: Trump has claimed that his military-themed boarding school education was essentially equivalent to having being trained in the military.

When Trump had his chance to join the military and fight in Vietnam, he did not take it. Instead, the rich kid got multiple student deferments from the draft and a medical deferment. Meanwhile, men like John McCain were being tortured as prisoners of war, but Trump has said that is dishonorable. ’

“He’s not a war hero,” Trump said of McCain last year. “He’s a war hero because he was captured. I like people that weren’t captured, OK?”

Trump has wrapped his campaign in veterans issues, routinely lamenting that they’ve been treated “terribly.” The candidate even held a fundraiser for veterans groups in lieu of attending a debate just before the Iowa caucuses.

Since running for office, Trump has made a show of fundraising for veterans—offering veterans groups six-figures to be props at campaign rallies. But when vets groups have stood up to him, refusing to be dragged into the campaign, scores of Trump fans have sent them vile and harassing messages.

In the 1980s, Trump tried to have disabled veteran street vendors thrown off Fifth Avenue, accusing the Vietnam-era soldiers  of ruining how the street in front of Trump Tower looked. Before his presidential campaign, Trump’s charitable foundation gave more to the Clintons than to veterans organizations.

Trump has suggested he would be tremendous for veterans if elected president, but his efforts so far have been questionable.

In July 2015, Trump announced that he would be setting up a hotline for veterans to share their stories about the need to reform the VA. Today, a call to the hotline leads merely to a voicemail box, which instructs the caller to send them an email.",1
3214,Paul Ryan Says Government Won't Shut Down Because Republicans Are In Control,"WASHINGTON -- Rep. Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) is confident there will be no government shutdown this fall because Republicans are in charge on Capitol Hill, he said Friday.

""I’m not worried about that because we control both sides of the rotunda, the House and the Senate,"" Ryan, the chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee, said in a briefing with reporters.

Ryan is optimistic despite the fact that the House has only passed about half of the 12 appropriations measures that are required to keep the government running through September, the Senate hasn't passed any yet, and Congress is on vacation for most of August.

Democrats in the upper chamber are blocking the funding measures there because they are angry that the GOP decided to boost military spending above levels set by the 2011 Budget Control Act and its sequestration rules, while leaving in place steep cuts to domestic programs that are Democratic priorities.

President Barack Obama has threatened to veto appropriations bills that don't deal with both military and domestic programs, and his allies in the Senate are demanding that Republicans open up a process now to resolve the impasse. Ryan managed to cut a deal with Sen. Patty Murray (D-Wash) two years ago, when both were chairs of their respective budget committees, that eased sequestration cuts evenly.

Neither Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) nor House Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio) have suggested any willingness to do something similar this time around, and Senate Democrats are vowing to stand firm until Republicans start negotiating.

Ryan said that he thought a new version of a Ryan-Murray deal could be struck under the leadership of the current budget chairmen, Sen. Mike Enzi (R-Wyo.) and Rep. Tom Price (R-Ga.).

But he stuck by his party's line that Congress should keep passing its regular funding bills before starting to negotiate, pointing to the Department of Defense bill that is currently being blocked.

""If they filibuster DOD approps over there in the Senate, I think it's a shame if they do that, but we’ll cross that bridge when we get to it,"" he said.

Asked if he could support raising the spending caps set in 2011's deal -- as he and Murray did in 2013 -- he didn't say no, but insisted such a move would have to be paid for in some way.

""The precedent that Patty and I set was mandatory savings in excess of discretionary add-backs to result in deficit reduction -- net deficit reduction,"" he said.

""These things have to be paid for,"" Ryan added, ""What's the point in having spending caps if they don't enforce fiscal discipline?""

Asked why Republican control made him optimistic about passing appropriations bills, especially considering the poor functioning of the Senate, Ryan merely replied: ""It's functioning a whole lot better than it did a year ago,"" when Democrats were in charge.

When Congress did shut down the government for two weeks in 2013, Republicans only controlled the House, but they got the blame because they had insisted on trying to use government funding to gut the Affordable Care Act.",1
1843,Clinton clearing primary field for potential 2016 run could leave her vulnerable,"Hillary Clinton appears to have scared away much of the competition should she seek the Democratic nomination for president in 2016. But her early and practically all-encompassing effort also presents the potential liability that she will sail through the primary season largely untested for the bare-knuckled general election.

And it could deny Democrats the chance to define themselves to Americans, strategists say.

“It's not good for a party because the Democratic Party needs a real debate about what it's for, who it's for, what it's about and where we'll take the country,” says Dennis Kucinich, a former Democratic congressman, presidential candidate and a Fox News contributor.

The 67-year-old Clinton plans to make an official announcement in early 2015, leaving some doubt about whether she will indeed run. But her frontrunner status is unquestionable.

She has roughly 62 percent of the likely vote and leads all potential Democratic challengers by a numbing 49.5 percentage points.

And those numbers combined with an ambitious public-speaking schedule and the fundraising and cheerleading group Ready for Hillary are making it difficult for potential primary challengers to raise money.

In addition, Clinton’s most formidable, likely primary challenger now, Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren, insists she’s not running, leaving the Democratic field so wide open that 73-year-old Bernie Sanders, an independent and junior senator from Vermont, is now fourth behind Clinton, Warren and Vice President Biden, according an averaging of polls by RealClearPolitics.com

“I think you miss the chance to vet ideals,” says Richard Fowler, a Democrat and host of the progressive-leaning “Richard Fowler Talk Show.” “I think that's what elections are about. Elections are about ideals and how ideals … would then turn into policy that will then turn into how we govern.”

Clinton, a former first lady, secretary of State and New York senator, hasn’t been in a campaign-style debate since 2008, when she lost the Democratic presidential primary to President Obama, then a freshman Illinois senator.

Still, a relatively easy 2016 primary, if Clinton indeed runs, would likely save her from the pummeling she took last time.

“You’re likeable enough, Hillary,” Obama said on stage to Clinton, who was the early Democratic frontrunner in that race, too.

Among the tough questions she will likely face, and needs to answer well, include what she knew about security at the U.S. outpost in Benghazi, Libya, in which four Americans were killed in a 2012 terror attack.

Clinton, who is worthy millions of dollars, also will likely have to make a strong case that she will champion the country’s poor and working class, after saying on her 2014 book tour: “We came out of the White House not only dead broke, but in debt.”

“Hillary Clinton, I think, has proven that when you're off the trail for a while, you come back rusty,” said Larry Sabato, director of the University of Virginia’s Center for Politics. “She certainly came back rusty on that book tour.”",1
1001,The Daily 202: Bill Clinton’s argument with Black Lives Matter protesters is 2016’s Sister Souljah Moment,"Bill Clinton spent 13 minutes yesterday forcefully responding to Black Lives Matter activists who were heckling him. Speaking in an overwhelmingly African American neighborhood of Philadelphia, the city that will host this summer’s Democratic National Convention, the former president offered a spirited defense of his record on civil rights, his signature crime bill and his wife.

One of the protesters held a sign that declared, ""Black youth are not super predators.” That’s a reference to when Hillary Clinton spoke in 1996 of “the kinds of kids that are called ‘super-predators’” and said “we have to bring them to heel.”

Clinton pointed to the signs. “This is what’s the matter,” he said. “I don't know how you would characterize the gang leaders who got 13-year-olds hopped up on crack and sent them out onto the street to murder other African American children. Maybe you thought they were good citizens. She didn't! … You are defending the people who kill the lives you say matter! Tell the truth! You are defending the people who caused young people to go out and take guns.”

The 69-year-old went on an extended riff about why he and his wife are the ones who have really fought to make black lives matter:

""Because of that [crime] bill we had a 25-year low in crime, a 30-year low in the murder rate, and because of that and the background-check law, a 46-year low in deaths of lives by gun violence,” he said. “And who do you think those lives were that mattered? Whose lives were saved that mattered?""

Bill noted that Hillary, unlike Bernie Sanders, did not vote for the crime bill. ""She was spending her time trying to get health care for poor kids,” he said. “Who were they? And their lives matter!”

He also highlighted the Democratic front-runner's work for the Children's Defense Fund as a young attorney in Alabama and her work to stop the spread of HIV in Africa as secretary of state. ""I'll tell you another story about a place where black lives matter: Africa,"" he said.

-- In a year when the drama has mostly been on the Republican side, it made for great political theater. And it gave Bill Clinton another unforgettable “Sister Souljah Moment.” In May 1992, the hip-hop artist suggested that killing white cops might not be so bad in the wake of the Los Angeles riots. Speaking at a convention organized by Jesse Jackson’s Rainbow Coalition, the then-governor of Arkansas ripped into her. ""If you took the words ‘white’ and ‘black’ and reversed them, you might think David Duke was giving that speech,” he said. “We have an obligation, all of us, to call attention to prejudice whenever we see it.” (C-SPAN’s archive has the video.)

Calling her out became legendary and helped Clinton pivot from the Democratic nominating contest he was wrapping up, when he needed base voters, to the general election, when he needed independents. Twenty-four years later, we are at a very similar phase in the campaign cycle.

-- Yesterday’s showdown in Philadelphia quickly became a Rorschach Test. Republicans and liberal activists inclined to dislike WJC called it evidence of him being out of touch and over the hill, while Clinton loyalists said it was the Big Dog at his best. The majority of the crowd of 400 cheered Clinton as he made the protesters his foils.

-- Most mainstream media outlets are covering the comments as another off-message embarrassment for his wife’s campaign, but let’s dispense once and for all with the fiction that Bill Clinton does not know what he’s doing. He knows exactly what he’s doing.

-- A year ago, most D.C. pundits would have bet that the 2016 general election would pit Hillary versus Jeb, and that Democrats could win by making the campaign about whether voters wanted to give Bill or W. a third term. The Bushes are now long gone. Indeed, both Donald Trump and Ted Cruz criticize the former president to varying degrees. Because the Democratic primaries turned out to be more competitive than anticipated, it’s been hard for the Clintons to lean on nostalgia for the 1990s. Instead the former president and first lady have been pressed constantly from the left on everything from NAFTA to DOMA.

-- Bill’s comments about the Black Lives Matter movement suggest that a major pivot in the campaign’s messaging is on the way.

Smarting from the 2008 defections of African Americans to Barack Obama and recognizing that securing the Democratic nomination this time would depend on running up the score among minority voters, the Clintons set out in the spring of 2015 to inoculate themselves from criticism over the crime bill. “We overshot the mark,” Bill wrote in the foreword to a book on mass incarceration that came out exactly one year ago. The same month, Hillary gave a speech at Columbia University -- in the wake of the Baltimore riots – to promise that criminal justice reform to end sentencing disparities -- which were made worse by her husband’s bill – would be a top priority as president.

Last July, the former president told the NAACP convention that he deeply regretted sending minor criminals to prison “for way too long.” ""I signed a bill that made the problem worse, and I want to admit it,"" he said.

Yesterday, the former president instead blamed congressional Republicans for the parts of the law that have increased mass incarceration. He said then-Sen. Joe Biden told him it could not pass if the tough-on-crime provisions were not added in.

After Hillary was confronted this February by a protester about the “super predator” comment, she expressed regret. “Looking back, I shouldn’t have used those words, and I wouldn’t use them today,” she said in a statement.

-- Now, as the general election looms, polls show that his wife is badly underperforming with white voters in key battleground states compared to 2008. But Bill’s strategy is not without risk. Hillary needs high African American turnout to beat Bernie in New York on April 19 and in the Pennsylvania and Maryland primaries on April 26. She also needs to keep the Obama coalition activated through November.

WHILE YOU WERE SLEEPING:

-- Bernie Sanders is going to speak at the Vatican next week, John Wagner scoops. He'll leave for Rome immediately after his debate with Clinton on April 14 for a conference on social, economic and environmental issues.

-- Sanders turned his stump speech into comedy on “The Late Show with Seth Meyers”: The Vermont senator offered a comedic twist on his disdain for the billionaire class, roasting the “one percenters” alongside Meyers on a segment called “Ya Bernt.” “One percent -- what do you need all that money for?” Sanders asked. “If I didn’t know any better, I’d think you were trying to compensate for something.” As for the big banks, Sanders had this to say: “My advice is the same advice I give to a couple contemplating an open relationship. It’s time to break up.” (John Wagner)

-- Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper -- who could be a contender in the veepstakes -- hosted Hillary for a fundraiser at his home in Denver last night. Isaac Slade, lead vocalist for The Fray, performed for the 530 attendees. A white noise machine was set up to prevent reporters standing across the street from hearing Hillary's comments in the governor's back yard, according to the local CBS affiliate.

-- Seven in 10 Americans now view Trump unfavorably, according to an AP-GfK poll. And the negativity transcends typical “voter blocs” of age, race and ideology: “It's an opinion shared by majorities of men and women; young and old; conservatives, moderates and liberals; and whites, Hispanics and blacks … a devastatingly broad indictment of [Trump]."" The numbers also suggest Trump could be losing his core base: ""In the South – a region where Trump has decisively won many primary contests – close to 70 percent of voters view him unfavorably. And among white voters without a college education, 55 percent have a negative opinion.""

-- Not ready to make nice: Ted Cruz refuses to apologize to Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell for publicly calling him “a liar” last year. “That ain't gonna happen,"" the Texas senator said on CNN last night. “And if the Washington lobbyists want to see that happen, they can hold their breath a long, long time."" So much for trying to win over his Senate colleagues...

-- American Idol is finally over. ""Less than two months after the curtain went down on #OscarsSoWhite — at least until 2017 — it seems that 'American Idol' may be too white as well. Or, more specifically, too deferential to 'generic' white guys, often wielding guitars. This was the consensus on social media after Trent Harmon, a self-described white 'dude from Mississippi,' defeated La’Porsha Renae, a black single mother from the same state."" (Justin Wm. Moyer)

TRUMP SHAKES UP CAMPAIGN AFTER GETTING CAUGHT FLAT-FOOTED IN DELEGATE HUNT:

-- Trump announced yesterday that he is reorganizing his campaign, giving an expanded role to veteran strategist Paul J. Manafort. From Karen Tumulty and Dan Balz: ""Manafort, who joined the Trump operation on March 29 as its convention manager, will now have broader responsibilities, and will 'oversee, manage and be responsible for all activities that pertain to Mr. Trump's delegate process and the Cleveland convention,' the campaign said in its announcement. Manafort, working from a new D.C. campaign office, will also be in charge of outreach efforts to members of Congress, the Republican National Committee and think tanks. While the campaign insisted there had been no reduction in the role of embattled campaign manager Corey Lewandowski, it was nonetheless seen that way in Republican circles. Manafort's new portfolio is the operation that could be most crucial to Trump's success in the coming months. Said one GOP strategist who has worked with Manafort, and who declined to be identified: 'I can assure you that Lewandowski should be looking for new employment at this point. He's half wiped out already.'""

“Trump is not a dumb man,” Chris Cillizza writes. “He didn’t get to where he is … by not grasping when things are slipping away from him … [T]he writing appears to be on the wall. Manafort will run things going forward.”

-- Smart frame --> “The strategist vs. the showman: Cruz and Trump run very different campaigns,” by Katie Zezima: “Cruz is the disciplined strategist who stays relentlessly on message and runs a by-the-book organization filled with aides and state chairs … Trump, by contrast, runs what amounts to a DIY presidential campaign. … While the approach has left Trump with little established infrastructure as the race turns into a brawl for delegates, it has also allowed him to be nimble … Cruz’s advance work will be on display this weekend in Colorado, one of five states that leave it up to party members to elect the state’s 37 delegates to the national convention. Organizers said much of the work has been done with little input from Cruz [headquarters in Houston]. ‘There are 50 different states with 50 different speeds,’ said Ken Buck, the senator’s Colorado state chairman.”

-- Trump and Cruz face their first test in the Virginia delegate fight tomorrow: “A few hundred Republicans are set to gather in Wytheville, a town of 8,000 in the state's southwest corner, to elect three delegates to the Republican convention,” the AP reports. “At first glance, the 9th Congressional District's local convention appears to be fertile ground for Trump … But the Cruz campaign is counting on a superior advantage with party insiders, both in Virginia and around the country, to get its preferred delegates elected. Political watchers say these types of party insiders who take the time to register for and attend regional party meetings are more likely to back Cruz. ‘The issue is who is going to these convention,’ said Terry Kilgore, a Republican state House delegate ... ‘The Cruz people understand the game a little bit better.’”

-- Trump leads Cruz by 7 points in California, according to the Field Poll. The front-runner has 39 percent, with Cruz at 32 percent and Kasich at 18 percent. Trump leads in the Bay Area and in the Southern California region outside of Los Angeles. Cruz is preferred over Trump in L.A. proper and among voters in the Central Valley and Sierra mountains, whereas supporters for Kasich are somewhat evenly dispersed across the state. The primary in June will award delegates by congressional districts. Former supporters of Arnold Schwarzenegger prefer Trump: Voters who backed his gubernatorial bid in the recall prefer Trump over Cruz by a three to one margin.

-- “Trump has more than math to worry about in Cleveland,” by Politico’s Kyle Cheney: “Every aspect of the Republican National Convention is a potential tripwire that motivated anti-Trump forces could deploy to waylay the mogul.” Five tactics Cruz could use to try denying Trump the nomination.

-- Ben Carson proved again to be a terrible Trump surrogate. When asked on CNN if Lewandowski should be running the show after being charged with battery, he responded that “a lot of people have been charged with various things … You’ve probably been charged with things.” (The interviewer replied that he has not.)

-- Jeff Sessions, Trump's only supporter in the Senate, said he does not think Trump will pick him as VP.  “I think that would not happen,"" he said. “Don’t bet any money on me.” (The Hill)

-- Rudy Giuliani told the New York Post that he will vote for Trump, hitting Cruz for his comments on ""New York values."" He quipped, “I can make fun of New York. But you can’t!""

MORE ON THE DEMOCRATIC RACE:

-- There is widespread and growing concern among Democrats that the Clinton-Sanders rivalry is doing lasting damage to the party and the eventual nominee. ""With both candidates launching 10-day sprints ahead of New York’s April 19 primary, the strain and resentment of a hard-fought and unexpectedly long contest boiled over repeatedly in interviews, speeches and other public appearances,"" John Wagner, Abby Phillip and Anne Gearan report. ""The senator from Vermont refused to retract his assertion that Clinton is not qualified to be president. Clinton dismissed that claim as 'silly' and countered that Sanders has repeatedly made promises he can’t keep. ... Sanders continued to blame Clinton for going on the attack and said he has simply been defending himself. And while he expressed regret for the tenor of the campaign over the previous 24 hours and said the acrimony will make it harder for Democrats to unite in the fall, he also said he does not regret his own statements. Clinton had raised questions in a television interview about whether Sanders was prepared to be president, but she repeatedly stopped short of saying he was unqualified.""

""President Obama, who has sought to stay out his party’s nominating contest, weighed in Thursday though a spokesman. Traveling with Obama on Air Force One, White House spokesman Eric Schultz said Obama believes that Clinton 'comes to the race with more experience than any non-vice president' in recent campaign history. Schultz emphasized that Obama feels 'fortunate' that Clinton, whom he defeated in a sometimes nasty battle for the 2008 nomination, served as his secretary of state.""

-- In an interview with The Post's John Wagner, Sanders stood by his view that Clinton is not qualified — but he also pledged to support her if she is the nominee. Three highlights:

-- Congressional Democrats expressed hope that the dust-up over whether Hillary is ""qualified"" serves as a warning for both candidates to tone things down and keep the party more cohesive than the Republicans. “It’s really important that everybody take a pause, that everybody calm down,” said North Dakota Sen. Heidi Heitkamp. “At this point in campaigns, people get tired, say things they don’t mean to, emotions get raw. I think a lot of this will dissipate with a couple good nights’ sleep.”

-- Why is Bernie throwing the kitchen sink right now? Because he must fundamentally disrupt the race to have any chance of ultimately prevailing. ""Sanders still trails Clinton by more than 200 pledged delegates. The math is close to determinative -- and not in his favor. Barring a major cataclysm in the race, Clinton will be the nominee,"" writes Chris Cillizza. This chart compares Clinton's lead over Sanders to Obama's lead over her at this point in 2008:

-- “Panama financial scandal blows up into Democratic skirmishing over trade,” by David Nakamura:

-- President Obama took pains to describe Merrick Garland as a unifying figure during a speech at The University of Chicago Law School. Juliet Eilperin and Mike DeBonis: ""In a carefully-orchestrated question and answer session with students and faculty – including several of Garland’s family members, the president said failure to confirm his court nominee would make the courts “just an extension of our … elections and our politics. And that erodes the institutional integrity of the judicial branch.”

One questioner pressed Obama about the lack of diversity on the bench and asked why he picked a white man. Obama said “that’s just not how I’ve approached it"": “At no point did I say: ‘Oh, you know what? I need a black lesbian from Skokie in that slot. Can you find me one?’” (The Skokie Review notes that this comment sent the suburb north of Chicago trending online...)

-- Minority Whip Richard Durbin said Democrats are ""actively considering"" legislative maneuvers to push a vote on Garland. ""Democrats have thus far refrained from holding up legislation or other Senate business to gain leverage on the court fight. An ultimate step would be to force a floor vote on Garland without committee action — a move that would almost certainly fail but would attract attention and put those vulnerable Republican incumbents on the spot. A Democratic leadership aide said that is being considered as a last resort, one that would not be deployed for months.""

-- Lindsey Graham said he will meet with Garland, reversing course on his earlier pledge not to. Spokesman Kevin Bishop said it was a “courtesy” meeting, and the South Carolina senator “remains opposed to moving forward with the nomination.”

-- “Why a Va. senator told a teacher: ‘You do not know better than the parents,’” by Jenna Portnoy: “Sen. Richard H. Black doesn’t think of himself as squeamish. But the Northern Virginia Republican said he was so stunned by the ‘moral sewage’ in … Toni Morrison’s ‘Beloved’ that he did something he professes to never have done [in office]. He abandoned all diplomacy and told a constituent exactly what he thought. Black called the book ‘profoundly filthy’ and ‘smut.’” The screed is part of an extraordinary email exchange between Black and Loudoun County teacher Jessica Berg, who “wrote to Black to protest his vote for a bill that would have required teachers to give parents advance notice if they planned to assign material with sexually explicit content in class [allowing parents to ‘opt out’ their children from reading the offending books]. ‘It’s ridiculous that you are trying to control education when you have no idea what it entails,’ she wrote. ‘You do not want free thinkers.’ ‘I want teachers who won’t teach such vile things,’ he responded. ‘You do not know better than the parents.’” (Read the full back and forth here.)

Mark Kirk (R-Ill.), desperately trying to hold his seat, is one of only a handful of Republicans who would show off a handwritten note from Obama:

Sen. Jeff Flake (R-Ariz.) joked about the Senate voting down a legroom amendment in the FAA reauthorization. (Like you, he gets his news from PowerPost):

Sen. Richard Burr (R-N.C.) did not look too happy wearing Villanova gear (read about his NCAA wager with Pat Toomey here):

Check out the scrum surrounding Clinton as she entered the NYC subway (here's the video, too):

Kasich ate his way through the Bronx (check out this video mashup from CNN):

Sanders ran into this character at Temple University:

Clinton allies, including the head of the lead super PAC supporting her, accused Sanders of sexism:

The Clinton campaign rapid response team noted that Sanders thought she was qualified enough to become Secretary of State:

Some in upstate New York were not so happy to have Cruz:

Two pictures of Obama back when he was a law professor:

D.C. Police Chief Cathy Lanier threw the first pitch at the Nats home opener:

Internet trolls from the fever swamps of the far right and the far left can be so disgusting and nasty, but this may take the cake:

-- Bloomberg, “McCain-Linked Nonprofit Received $1 Million From Saudi Arabia,” by Bill Allison: “A nonprofit with ties to Senator John McCain received a $1 million donation from the government of Saudi Arabia in 2014, according to documents filed with the [IRS]. [McCain] has strictly honorary roles with the McCain Institute for International Leadership, a program at Arizona State University, and its fundraising arm, the McCain Institute Foundation, according to his office. But McCain has appeared at fundraising events for the institute and his Senate campaign’s fundraiser is listed in its tax returns as the contact person for the foundation. Though federal law strictly bans foreign contributions to electoral campaigns, the restriction doesn’t apply to nonprofits engaged in policy, even those connected to a sitting lawmaker … The Saudi donation to the McCain Institute Foundation may be the first congressional instance of that trend coming to light ‘The extent of this practice is difficult to gauge, of course,’ Holman said, ‘because we only know about it when a nonprofit or foreign government voluntarily reveals that information.’” (We missed this story when it came out last week but it's caused a stir in Arizona, where McCain is up for reelection.)

On the campaign trail: Here's the rundown:

At the White House: President Obama headlines a DSCC fundraiser in Los Angeles, then travels to San Francisco for DNC and DCCC fundraisers. Vice President Biden travels from Las Vegas to Boulder, Colo., where he speaks at the University of Colorado for the ""It's on Us Week of Action"" against sexual assault and at an event for Sen. Michael Bennet (D-Colo.). In the evening, Biden departs Denver for Santa Fe, N.M.

On Capitol Hill: Neither the Senate nor the House are in session.

NEWS YOU CAN USE IF YOU LIVE IN D.C.:

-- A mild start to a chilly weekend. The Capital Weather Gang forecasts: “Arguably, today is nicer than anything we’ll see this weekend. Even with wind, it’s still fairly mild — at least comparatively. Clouds and rain showers move in tonight through at least tomorrow morning. We may even see a few snowflakes, but snow of note on Saturday is more of a long shot than sure thing. Hoping to get back outside? Sunday should be calmer and sunnier. Springtime should try to return next week. Whew. Hang on to your hats…”

-- The Golden State Warriors beat the San Antonio Spurs 112-101 to reach 70 wins.

-- The Capitals lost to the Pittsburgh Penguins 4-3.

-- D.C. police are FINALLY cracking down on illegal dirt bike riders, saying swarms of off-road bikes on the city's streets have become a “dangerous public menace.” (Peter Hermann)

-- Gov. Terry McAuliffe (D) abruptly withdrew support for his once-touted economic development strategy, after the Democratic Attorney General said the $35 million “Go Virginia” program probably violates the state constitution. McAuliffe, who gave a “full throated endorsement” of the program last summer, will try to amend the legislation, giving lawmakers the option to accept or reject his changes when they return to Richmond this month. (Jenna Portnoy)

-- Donna Edwards raised more than $1 million in the first quarter for her Senate campaign after struggling to get money last year. (Rachel Weiner)

-- Montgomery County police charged two men with kidnapping and sexually assaulting a 12-year-old girl in March. (Clarence Williams)

-- Two students, a chaperone, and a police officer were injured after a police cruiser and school bus crashed in Springfield. (Victoria St. Martin)

Watch a dramatic video of a knife-wielding man shouting “kill me!” at an Ohio police officer more than 40 times after he was shot in the abdomen. The hero cop shows incredible restraint in the face of danger:

Political hip hop duo Rebel Diaz confronted Cruz, saying he's not welcome in the neighborhood:

Clinton began running her first New York Spanish-language TV ad:

Kasich supporters targeted Cruz and his derision for ""New York values"" in this new spot:

The Washington Examiner's David Freddoso explained with post-it notes why he doesn't see Trump winning in a general election:

A woman secretly recorded what her doctors said during surgery:

A 12-year-old talked about getting thrown down by a school officer:

This stuffed animal was filmed making a trip to the Earth's stratosphere:",1
1104,"What divides America? This weekend, it was a Chicago street.","The unrest at a Trump event was a symbol of a nation of partisans who don't trust each other. But it also highlighted a way forward.

How SNL's 'the bubble' sketch about polarization is all too true

For one night, Chicago's Harrison Street might as well have been Capitol Hill.

On one side of the street stood supporters of Donald Trump, upset that a campaign rally had been canceled. On the other stood protesters against Mr. Trump – the reason the rally had been canceled. By the end of the night, the tension led to violence and recriminations.

For all the grandiose talk this primary season about whom America should choose as president to ""fix Washington"" or ""make America great again,"" it was right there – on that Friday night in Chicago – that America's democratic experiment was playing out on its most basic level.

The protests, violence, and general chaos that enveloped the presidential race this weekend gave the impression that American politics was spinning out of control. To the contrary, it was further evidence that the American political process has perhaps never been under tighter control. Not of the establishment. Of the voters.

Friday night in Chicago showed that there is little mystery about politics today. Washington is divided and angry because American voters are divided and angry. In the not-too-distant past, parties acted as a buffer, wringing some measure of concord from Congress's cacophony of voices. No more.

The parable of this election so far has been the impotence of the establishment. Just think how many times and ways the Republican establishment has tried to get Trump to play by anything approaching the rule book. And who in the Democratic National Committee really wants Bernie Sanders to still be in the race?

The trend has been building for years. Former House Speaker John Boehner did not want the tea party agenda. The voters forced his hand. The parties are by no means dead, but their influence is a shadow of what it once was.

Which brings America right back to Harrison Street. What this weekend showed, in the starkest terms yet, was that the only practical solution to the problems that seem to beset America is the American voter.

If red and blue America – separated by a few feet of asphalt and wildly different worldviews – can't find a way to get along, then Congress doesn't have tools to, either. Nor would any president.

Despite claims to the contrary, the establishment can do little of substance without voter buy-in. In searching for the element that has unified Trump voters across economic and geographic groups, ABC News found that the single most predictive factor was anger at the establishment.

Compared with other factors, an ABC News poll found that ""the idea that Trump’s popularity is fundamentally based on anger against the existing political establishment, and the sense that an outsider is needed to fix it, have significantly more legs.""

Some 82 percent of Trump supporters say they prefer an outsider, the poll found.

Indeed, America sits at a unique confluence of political history, suggests Bruce Schulman of Reuters. The influence of the parties is declining as the partisanship of voters is rising. The result is that tensions are increasing at a time when the parties' ability to manage them is diminishing.

""For much of the nation’s history, partisan attachments burned just as hot – if not hotter – than they do today, but strong party organizations disciplined their members and formed effective tools of governance,"" he writes. ""As party organizations weakened and partisan ties gradually atrophied after World War Two, space opened up for the influence of a wide variety of interest groups and the emergence of different, but nonetheless workable models of policymaking. Now, fierce partisanship has reemerged – but without effective party organization or authority to police it.""

The reasons for the decline of the party are many, he says, from the rise of organized interests to ""mass media supplanting the party organization as the principal intermediary between elected officials and ordinary voters.""

But the development leaves the country with no political referees. The task of governing falls largely to the voters by default. And at this moment, that is a recipe for division.

More than a quarter of Democrats and Democratic-leaning independents (27 percent) said that the other party's positions “are so misguided that they threaten the nation's well-being,” according to a 2014 Pew Research Center study. More than one-third of Republicans and Republican-leaning independents (36 percent) said the same. These make up the core of primary voters.

As the Monitor's Peter Grier noted in a cover story, swing voters are disappearing. Even declared independents tend to vote for one side consistently, and many are voting against a party rather than for it.

Parties have played their part in fueling antagonism for the other party. Voters have also sorted themselves along partisan lines in recent years – meaning there are few conservative Democrats or liberal Republicans anymore.

The result is a political system that has little common ground. Weak parties ""may well make effective governance all but impossible,"" Mr. Schulman of Reuters says.

But the decline of parties also makes the way forward apparent, if not easy. It comes down to what voters want, and the solution to the status quo is clearly not further polarization.

""There is a tendency on the left and the right to associate primarily with like-minded people, to the point of actively avoiding those who disagree,"" the Pew study found. ""Not surprisingly, this tendency is also tightly entwined with the growing level of partisan antipathy. In both political parties, those with strongly negative views of the other side are more likely to be those who seek out compatible viewpoints.""

This weekend, that divide was not blue-red or Republican-Democrat, but a Chicago street.",1
3451,Is the Supreme Court poised for a shift to the right?,"Washington (CNN) The nine Supreme Court justices will emerge Monday from behind a long red velvet curtain and take their assigned seats on the bench to begin a new term. But most people will still be thinking of the historic nature of the cases decided last term and the fact that for the first time, the left side of the Roberts' court won more 5-4 cases than the right.

The Justices of the US Supreme Court sit for their official photograph on October 8, 2010, in Washington.

Was it a blip? Or has the Supreme Court gone liberal?

Many court critics have also questioned the wisdom of the 2010 Citizens United v. FEC decision, which opened the floodgates for campaign financing, allowing outside groups to spend record amounts. Millhiser said the ruling ""gave billionaires a far-reaching right to corrupt American democracy.""

Many court critics have also questioned the wisdom of the 2010 Citizens United v. FEC decision, which opened the floodgates for campaign financing, allowing outside groups to spend record amounts. Millhiser said the ruling ""gave billionaires a far-reaching right to corrupt American democracy.""

Critics say the court makeup is part of the problem, noting that most justices have been white men from privileged backgrounds. It's an issue, they argue, that can sometimes lead to paternalistic language, as in a 2006 abortion ruling that said ""some women come to regret their choice to abort the infant life they once created and sustained.""

Critics say the court makeup is part of the problem, noting that most justices have been white men from privileged backgrounds. It's an issue, they argue, that can sometimes lead to paternalistic language, as in a 2006 abortion ruling that said ""some women come to regret their choice to abort the infant life they once created and sustained.""

Other scholars such as Clark Neily of the libertarian public interest law firm Institute for Justice defend the court, saying Brown v. Board of Education -- which led to school desegregation, including in Little Rock, Arkansas, in 1957 -- shows that the court is often ""better than the other branches of government and society in general.""

Other scholars such as Clark Neily of the libertarian public interest law firm Institute for Justice defend the court, saying Brown v. Board of Education -- which led to school desegregation, including in Little Rock, Arkansas, in 1957 -- shows that the court is often ""better than the other branches of government and society in general.""

The court has been on the wrong side of history numerous times, says author Ian Millhiser of the Center for American Progress. It issued decisions that legitimized Jim Crow segregation, approved the forced sterilization of a woman against her will and forced Japanese-American citizens into internment camps during World War II.

The court has been on the wrong side of history numerous times, says author Ian Millhiser of the Center for American Progress. It issued decisions that legitimized Jim Crow segregation, approved the forced sterilization of a woman against her will and forced Japanese-American citizens into internment camps during World War II.

They point to a 1918 ruling that struck down a federal law banning child labor, which left the practice in place for another two decades. The court said the law was ""repugnant to the Constitution"" because it violated states' rights. At the time, millions of children worked in dangerous mines, dank sweatshops and textile mills such as this one in Vermont in 1910.

They point to a 1918 ruling that struck down a federal law banning child labor, which left the practice in place for another two decades. The court said the law was ""repugnant to the Constitution"" because it violated states' rights. At the time, millions of children worked in dangerous mines, dank sweatshops and textile mills such as this one in Vermont in 1910.

Another major ruling upheld Obamacare subsidies; had it gone the other way, millions could have lost their health care tax credits. Some legal scholars say the court's historical mission has been to block change, not validate it, by defending the status quo and ruling in favor of ""wealth, power and privilege.""

Another major ruling upheld Obamacare subsidies; had it gone the other way, millions could have lost their health care tax credits. Some legal scholars say the court's historical mission has been to block change, not validate it, by defending the status quo and ruling in favor of ""wealth, power and privilege.""

The Supreme Court ruled 5-4 that same-sex marriage is legal nationwide, a decision that profoundly affects the lives of millions of Americans. Some legal scholars see the court's movement on gay rights issues as proof that it is a force for change. But others say the court's role is largely the opposite.

The Supreme Court ruled 5-4 that same-sex marriage is legal nationwide, a decision that profoundly affects the lives of millions of Americans. Some legal scholars see the court's movement on gay rights issues as proof that it is a force for change. But others say the court's role is largely the opposite.

Judicial conservatives and some Republican presidential candidates feel abandoned by Chief Justice John Roberts for his vote -- once again -- in favor of the Affordable Care Act, despite the fact that he dissented in other cases they care about concerning issues like gay marriage and housing discrimination.

During last month's Republican presidential debate, Ted Cruz, who like Roberts served as a law clerk to the late Chief Justice William Rehnquist, suggested that Roberts' record was comparable to that of retired Justice David Souter. In conservative legal circles, Souter's nomination, by George H.W. Bush, was a disaster because the practically unknown nominee ultimately ended up voting on a consistent basis with the Court's more liberal wing. Cruz and others still blame the elder Bush for throwing away a precious chance to shape the Court. Souter retired in 2009 after 19 years on the bench giving President Barack Obama his first chance to nominate a justice.

Liberals, however, dismiss any such notion the Roberts court has veered to the left.

""The claim that Chief Justice Roberts is a liberal is preposterous,"" said Elizabeth Wydra of the Constitutional Accountability Center, a group that takes a progressive position in many of the hot button cases that come before the court. ""To be sure, he deserves credit for rejecting the legally meritless claims against the Affordable Care Act, but if you look at his 10 years on the Court, he has unquestionably moved the law in a conservative direction.""

Indeed, any conservative furor might die down this term as the Court takes up affirmative action, voting rights, public sector unions and possibly abortion. Roberts' votes in those cases are expected to soothe some of his conservative critics.

""I would expect a return to the norm,"" said Irving L. Gornstein, executive director of the Supreme Court Institute at Georgetown University Law Center, ""in which the right side of the Court wins the majority but by no means all of the big cases, with Justice (Anthony) Kennedy again the key vote in most of the big cases.""

As recent years have proved, there is no reliable means of predicting how the Court will rule. And several of the most high-profile cases this term offer justices a choice between ruling on broad or narrow grounds.

Here are some notable cases to watch:

In Texas, high school seniors who graduate in the top 10% of their class are automatically admitted to any Texas state university.

In addition to the ""Top Ten Percent"" program, the school also considers race and other factors for admission. Since Fisher did not qualify for the program, she applied with other applicants, some of whom were entitled to racial preferences. Fisher, who is white, was denied admission.

Fisher says that since UT already had a race-neutral plan in place, it shouldn't have layered on another program that took race into consideration.

Her lawyers argue that the use of race is only permissible when there is no other race neutral alternative available. They hope the Court will ""send a clear message"" that public universities must only use race as a ""last resort.""

It's worth noting that Fisher is not asking the justices to forbid race-conscious admissions plans at public universities all together. That means the Court could rule against the University of Texas, but still leave open a crack for other schools to take race into consideration in their admissions programs. The question for many is how big that crack might be.

The University of Texas argues its use of race is simply one factor among many in its effort to create a diverse student body, saying that its race-neutral programs often target socioeconomic and related factors, and are not an adequate substitute.

It's the second time the Court has taken up Fisher's case. Three years ago, the justices agonized over it for nine months before issuing a very narrow opinion and sending the case back down to the lower court for another look. The short and unexpected opinion suggests the justices were at loggerheads. Now the case is before them once again and eight justices (Justice Elena Kagan is recused from the case because she dealt with it in her previous job as Solicitor General) will most likely rule more definitively.

Another case targets the issue of ""one person one vote,"" a doctrine dating back to the Earl Warren court when the Supreme Court held that state legislative districts must be drawn so they are equal in population.

But the Court never explicitly defined population. Does it refer to the general population? Or to the population that can vote? Or something in between? That is the crux of Evenwel v. Abbott.

Currently most states look to the total population of the district when drawing state lines. But the challengers in this case argue that Texas must primarily look at the total number of eligible voters in the state.

Sue Evenwel, a resident of Titus County, and others argue that their vote is worth less than people in neighboring districts because those districts have fewer residents who are eligible to vote.

In court briefs, Evenwel's lawyers say, ""the Texas legislature redrew the Senate map without attempting to ensure that each Senate district has approximately the same numbers of eligible voters.""

The case has political implications. It raises questions not only about the representation of children and persons with felony convictions, but also immigrants.

In general, rural districts tend to be more Republican than urban districts that often include more non-voters.

A collection of civil-rights groups has filed a brief in support of Texas.

""The Constitution declares equality before the law, that's the fundamental premise for a representative democracy,"" says Katherine Culliton-Gonzalez of the Advancement Project, a civil-rights organization.

""Each person should be a whole person, and each person has a right to representation whether you are a child, an immigrant or no matter what your race,"" she said.

In 1977, the Court ruled that the First Amendment allows public-sector unions to require non-member employees to pay union fees for expenses related to workplace bargaining, such as wage disputes and contract negotiations. The employees don't, however, have to pay fees for anything considered to be ideological advocacy.

Justice Samuel Alito and other conservatives on the Court have questioned that Court precedent, and it could be vulnerable this term in a case called Friedrichs v. California Teachers Association.

Rebecca Friedrichs and other public school teachers filed suit arguing that the supposed distinction between collective bargaining and ideological advocacy is blurred. They contend that the fees for collective bargaining speech in fact advance a distinct political viewpoint on matters such as seniority or pay raise.

Terry Pell, of the Center for Individual Rights, a non-profit public interest firm representing the Friedrichs plaintiffs, says for example, ""When the union presses for seniority based school assignment policies it is stepping into one of the most hot button issues in education reform today.""

The case comes at a time when unionization in general is declining and the future of unions has been a target in the current presidential campaign.

""I don't think if the plaintiffs win this case it will be the death knell for public sector unions,"" says Ann C. Hodges, a professor of law at the University of Richmond, who notes that public-sector unions continue in the 25 states that currently forbid mandatory fees. ""However, it will make it more difficult for unions to provide representation for workers because those who pay dues will have to subsidize representation for workers who don't pay and there will be a disincentive for workers to join.""

""The real story this term has yet to be written--and could come from the cases that are on their way to the Court,"" says Stephen I. Vladeck, of American University Washington College of Law and a CNN contributor. That might include a challenge to President Barack Obama's immigration policies as well as a return to the issue of the military commissions at Guantanamo Bay.

Two of the most likely cases that justices might take up concern abortion and the Affordable Care Act's contraceptive mandate.

The Court has not heard an abortion case since 2007 and might take up a challenge that goes straight to Court precedent testing what makes up an undue burden for a woman seeking an abortion.

At issue are two aspects of an abortion law in Texas that if allowed to go into effect, could close all but 10 clinics.

One provision requires that doctors who perform abortions have admitting privileges at a nearby hospital. The others mandate that clinics upgrade their facilities to hospital-like standards.

Texas says that the aim of the law is to protect women's health. But abortion providers who are challenging the law say that Texas' real aim is not to protect women's health, but to close clinics.

The Court might also agree to hear a case challenging the so called ""contraceptive mandate"" in the Affordable Care Act brought by non-profit groups such as the Little Sisters of the Poor.

While churches are exempt from the mandate, the Obama administration has set up an accommodation for nonprofits that object to having to provide certain contraceptives as a violation of their religious beliefs.

The groups say the accommodation still makes them complicit in providing the coverage.",1
5047,How Last Night's Gary Johnson/William Weld CNN Town Hall Was a Disappointment in Libertarian Terms,"The Libertarian Party presidential ticket of former Republican governors Gary Johnson (N.M.) and William Weld (Mass.) succeeded in seeming human, humane, decent, calm, and at least compared to their major party competitors, thoughtful this evening at their second CNN Town Hall.

But I'm not sure they succeeded in seeming very Libertarian, or selling the Party's position as a distinct outlook on politics and government that someone could grasp and understand.

They often seemed to go out of their way to just seem like a centrist, independent mixture of what someone might see as good aspects of both other parties.

In fact, when host Anderson Cooper would occasionally remind the candidates what the traditional libertarian stance was, often relying on the Party platform, he might have done more to sell libertarianism's unique stances than the candidates.

Herewith, a (not necessarily comprehensive) list of places where a Libertarian might have been frustrated with the candidates tonight, with a few (again, not comprehensive) nods to when they got it closer to right. The emphasis, though, will be on the disappointments, which dominated in my eyes.

The two governors mostly seemed thoughtful, humble, decent, not aggravating control freaks or rampaging ids. They did not seem like bold representatives of a distinct philosophy and practice of government, one with a well-developed philosophy about what government is for, and why.",1
4664,"Trump, Clinton meet again at 'humorous' Al Smith dinner","NEW YORK — Well, that got awkward quickly.

What began as the expected ribbing of presidential candidates at the white-tie Al Smith Dinner Thursday turned to boos as Donald Trump described Hillary Clinton as ""corrupt"" at the event, which is a major fundraiser for the Catholic charities connected to the Archdiocese of New York.

Trump's biggest laugh of the night came as he referred to his wife's partly plagiarized convention speech, in a joke that began with his complaint that the media is biased.

""Michelle Obama gives a speech and everyone loves it, they think she's absolutely great. My wife, Melania, gives the exact same speech and people get on her case!"" Trump said.

As laughter and applause filled the room Trump speculated he was in ""trouble"" with Melania for the joke, and implored to Cardinal Timothy Dolan: ""Cardinal, please speak to her.""

The crowd stayed with Trump while he ticked down a list of what he called ""corny"" jokes about being a former Democrat and sarcastically calling himself ""modest."" And they mostly laughed along when he joked about Clinton accidentally bumping into him back stage and saying ""pardon me.""

""I very politely replied: Let me talk to you about that after I get into office,"" Trump landed the punchline. Clinton was seen laughing.

But Trump was quick to take some campaign trail attacks with him to the dais at the annual dinner. He called Clinton ""so corrupt she got kicked off the Watergate Commission"" and lobbed his usual line that Clinton has been in politics for 30 years and accomplished little. ""I can fix it, she says,"" he deadpanned as the crowd's mood noticeably shifted.

As the boos rolled in Trump wondered who they were booing. ""I don't know who they're angry at Hillary, you or I?"" he said. Someone in the crowd yelled out ""you!""

Trump's next line struck a nerve. ""Here she is in public, pretending not to hate Catholics,"" Trump said, referencing an apparent email exposed by WikiLeaks in which a Clinton spokeswoman seemed to joke about Catholics and evangelicals.

Trump also brought up a moment from the debate Wednesday night.

""Last night, I called Hillary a 'nasty woman.' This stuff is all relative. After listening to Hillary rattle on and on, I don't think so badly of Rosie O'Donnell anymore. In fact, I'm actually starting like Rosie a lot,"" Trump said.

The Democratic nominee, for her part, poked fun at herself while also taking searing jabs at her opponent. Clinton didn't hesitate to slam Trump for his past comments on women and his ambivalence about accepting next month's election results.

In contrast with Trump, Clinton also made a point of acknowledging both the purpose and the history of the Al Smith dinner and closed her speech with a big-picture campaign message that was tied to the positive focus of Thursday's Catholic fundraiser.

Clinton did receive several loud groans from the audience at several of her jokes. Her top zingers included jabs about Trump dismantling a prompter at a rally last week and her opponent's propensity toward speaking favorably about Russia.

""Maybe you saw Donald dismantle his prompter the other day. And I get that. They're hard to keep up with and I'm sure it's even harder when you're translating from the original Russian,"" she said.

Clinton also joked about her health, which Trump has made an issue on the campaign trail, as well as criticism over paid speeches. ""I took a break from my rigorous nap schedule to be here,"" Clinton told the audience. ""Usually, I charge a lot for speeches like this.""

Turning to Trump, she said, ""Donald, if at any time you don't like what I say, feel free to stand up and shout 'Wrong!' after I say it.""

And diving into the dominant news of the day, she said: ""I'm surprised I'm up here at all. I didn't think he'd be OK with a peaceful transition of power.""

But Clinton had her own sharply-worded jokes. ""People look at the Statue of Liberty and they see a proud symbol of our history as a nation of immigrants. A beacon of hope for people around the world. Donald looks at the Statue of Liberty and sees a four — maybe a five if she loses the torch and tablet and changes her hair,"" she said.

Clinton joked that ""getting through these three debates with Donald has to count as a miracle.""

""There is nothing like sharing a stage with Donald Trump. Donald wanted me drug tested before last night's debate. And look, I've got to tell you, I am so flattered that Donald thought I used some sort of performance enhancer,"" Clinton said. ""Now, actually I did: it's called preparation.""

Finally, Clinton found a foe that both parties could rally against: ""Let's come together, remember what unites us, and just rip on Ted Cruz.""",1
4757,Why the way we pick our VPs is terrible,"Mike Pence and Tim Kaine will take the stage for the vice presidential debate on Tuesday night. The vice president arguably holds the second most powerful office in the country — in part because there’s a chance the president will die or have to resign in office, in part because the president has increasingly delegated key duties and powers to the post.

But the way America chooses its vice presidents seems to give little weight to the gravity of the role. Presidential candidates pick their number two during the heat of a campaign, and the VPs often represent some short-term electoral interest far more than readiness for the job. As was very much the case this year, questions about the VP are far more likely to center on their impact on a swing state or on solidifying a crucial voting bloc than about experience and presidential mettle.

To find out if there might be a better way of doing things, I talked to six political scientists who have studied the vice presidency. It turns out there actually is a strong defense for keeping things as they are — just not the one I had expected.

The Constitution has required that the vice president be on the ballot, in one form or another, since our nation’s founding. But I was relieved to learn that I'm not the only one to think the way we pick VPs in the heat of an election cycle seems somewhat nutty.

In the early 1970s, Michigan Sen. Bob Griffin proposed an amendment to the Constitution that would have ended the direct election of vice presidents and instead let presidents appoint their VPs, subject to congressional approval, after being sworn in.

Of course, the idea didn’t go anywhere. But it wasn’t without its supporters — especially after Richard Nixon’s veep, Spiro Agnew, had to resign over accusations of extortion and tax fraud.

At the time, reporters like Tom Wicker of the New York Times made a case similar to mine, according to John D. Feerick’s The Twenty-fifth Amendment: Its Complete History and Applications. Wicker wrote:

Wicker’s point is twofold: 1) that VPs are often chosen out of ""ruthless"" political calculation alone, and 2) that voters don’t really get to vote on whether they support the VP.

Some of the contemporary political science research backs Wicker up. ""There’s little evidence that voters make any consideration based on the vice president,"" says Joseph E. Uscinski, a political scientist at the University of Miami and the author of several studies on the vice presidency.

You’d think that nominees wouldn’t then let electoral factors seep into their choices. ""But they do, and sometimes that gives us vice presidents who don’t do what the presidents, or the presidents' voters, wanted,"" Uscinski says.

You don’t need to go back to the 1970s to see how short-term electoral considerations can warp presidential candidates’ VP picks — with really worrying implications.

The most obvious recent example is Sarah Palin in 2008, when Sen. John McCain — hoping for a Hail Mary comeback in the polls — picked the obviously unqualified Alaska governor in the hopes of firing up his party’s base.

McCain and Palin lost, of course. But McCain certainly theoretically could have won, and he could have died while in office. We may have risked a disastrous presidency in part because we make presidents choose their successors when an election is at stake.

There’s enough historical evidence of this happening for us to know that it isn’t just an unlikely possibility. In 1864, Abraham Lincoln chose southern white Unionist — and, it turned out, white supremacist — Andrew Johnson for his VP, in a bid for geographic diversity. After Lincoln was assassinated, Johnson advanced a disastrous set of Reconstruction policies totally at odds with what the ""great emancipator"" and his Republican base wanted. (Plus, Lincoln lost the Southern state of Kentucky that year anyway.)

Discrepancies between the POTUS and the VP have also made leadership crises more difficult to resolve, and may even create an incentive for political assassins, Uscinski wrote in one recent paper. In 1881, President James Garfield was shot twice in the back but stubbornly clung to life for 80 days while completely incapacitated. Some lawmakers wanted to resolve the crisis by making VP Chester Arthur president but feared the political implications of doing so, because Arthur and Garfield came from different factions and had completely contradictory policies on civil service reform.

""Presidential candidates have often opted for running mates who are politically different from the head of the ticket ... to increase the chances of winning the general election,"" Uscinski writes. ""But when presidents and vice presidents differ significantly, the country could inherit espousing policies the country does not democratically support.""

Uscinski’s argument here isn’t just that an ""unqualified"" VP could become president despite not enjoying the support of much of the country. It’s that we explicitly look to vice presidents to complement the ideological profiles of the nominees, thereby intentionally inserting confusion into our government that could, potentially, be avoided under a different system.

So if the vice presidency is a powder keg of risk and undemocratic outcomes, then why shouldn’t presidents just appoint VPs like Cabinet members? (I know Vox stories are unlikely to spur new constitutional amendments, but bear with me.) After all, you never hear of a president tapping an unqualified secretary of state merely to cement a voting bloc these days — right?

""I agree that it’s a messy system and that there are a number of anomalies,"" says Joel Goldstein, a law professor at St. Louis University and the author of a new book about the modern vice presidency. ""But my bottom line is that the system we have makes the most sense when all things are considered.""

Goldstein has lots of compelling defenses of our current system, but they boil down to one essential point: Requiring VPs to be confirmed by a gridlocked Congress (as is the norm for high-level presidential appointees) could be nightmarish.

Right now, a president basically gets to pick anyone he wants for his running mate (if his convention’s delegates approve the choice). If he wins a landslide at the ballot box, the other party doesn’t get a veto of the VP. That would probably have to change if the US tried to convert the vice presidency into a position chosen after the election.

And just imagine a recently elected President Hillary Clinton trying to get her VP nominee through a Republican Senate, Goldstein says. The difference between who she thought would be good for the job and who she could get approved would, presumably, be even greater than it is under our current arrangement.

""Giving Congress a veto seems less democratic than giving the public a veto,"" Goldstein says.

He adds that vice presidents have become increasingly powerful over the past several decades. Subjecting that office to our current partisan warfare just doesn’t seem like a promising way to improve the VP’s accountability or effectiveness.

""The vice president has become an office that provides high-level help to the president as a senior political adviser and high-level troubleshooter,"" Goldstein says. ""And that’s at a time when most of the rest of the government is appearing increasingly dysfunctional. I don’t think we should mess around with it.""

The upshot of the political science research is clear: When it comes to its impact on who wins, most of the media obsession over the VP selection is dramatically overstated.

In one study recently highlighted in Politico, two political scientists found that vice presidents don’t even have a statistical impact on increasing votes for the ticket in their home states.

""Demographic groups don’t fall in line because of a VP selection, and neither do states,"" says Kyle Kopko, a political scientist at Elizabethtown College, who conducted the research with University of Dayton political scientist Chris Devine. ""Voters think of partisan preferences and what the presidential candidates are saying.""

But the political scientists also argued that the VP choice can make a difference — even if it tends not to. The experts can’t often find examples of VP picks really siphoning votes away from the nominee. But that may be because our current system is effectively deterring presidential nominees from picking running mates that really hurt their chances.

Another reason for optimism: There’s growing evidence that presidential nominees understand the importance of picking a good governing partner over an illusory electoral gain, says Matt Grossmann, a political scientist at Michigan State.

""I think presidents are recognizing what the VP means,"" adds Matt Dickinson, a political scientist at Middlebury College. ""The most recent presidential candidates seem to be made from a need for a governing partner as much as for any electoral gain.""

The idea of Sarah Palin becoming president because of some quirk in the system seems to argue against this. But maybe she’s also a sign that voters really do punish — and therefore consider — terrible VP picks. (Indeed, one study has found that picking Palin cost McCain about 2 million votes.)

""Yes, there are some exceptions, but the fact that the presidential candidate has to pick someone before an election tends to force them to pick pretty good people,"" Goldstein says. ""You’d really lose something by not having the vice president as part of the campaign.""",1
2881,Iraq's Al-Abadi making in-person appeal to Obama for financial help,"Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi is making an in-person appeal to President Obama on Tuesday for more help defeating the Islamic State militants, hoping recent gains in the fight will encourage more investment from a war-weary United States.

Seven months after al-Abadi's election raised hope in Washington for Iraq's future, an honor guard of U.S. service members holding flags aloft greeted his limo for his first visit to the White House. The prime minister quickly entered the West Wing for an Oval Office visit.

Al-Abadi told reporters Monday that the increase in U.S. airstrikes, weapons deliveries and training has helped roll back Islamic State forces, but he needs greater support from the international coalition to ""finish"" them. ""We want to see more,"" he said.

The White House signaled that more aid could be coming. Last week, Vice President Joe Biden touted momentum in the fight against the Islamic State, and White House press secretary Josh Earnest said Monday, ""If there are specific ideas that Prime Minister Abadi has for stepped-up assistance, then we'll obviously consider them seriously.""

""This is a partnership that the United States is obviously invested in,"" Earnest told reporters Monday. ""And our success in working with an inclusive Iraqi government has been important to some of the security gains that Iraq has realized against ISIL in the last few months.""

Earlier this month, Iraqi forces and allied Shiite militias, backed by U.S. airstrikes, were able to recapture the city of Tikrit from the Sunni militants in what was the government's first major victory in Iraq's Sunni heartland.

""More efforts to organize, arm and integrate the Sunnis willing to fight ISIL are going to be needed in the months ahead to liberate Anbar and Mosul,"" the Islamic State's stronghold, Biden said in a speech Thursday at National Defense University previewing al-Abadi's visit. Biden joked that he's spent more time on the phone with the prime minister talking over the issues than he spends talking to his wife.

Jon Alterman, director of the Middle East program at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, said Biden was trying to make the case that it's worth investing more at a time when many Americans feel their country has done enough.

""There's a military campaign that the U.S. is helping wage, but it has more internal problems than I think people on either side are willing to admit,"" Alterman said. ""The reality is what we are trying to do is very difficult, very complicated and many people question how unified we are with the Iraqi government on what we are trying to do.""

The White House also announced Tuesday that Obama will host another important Arab ally in the fight against extremists, with Emirati Foreign Minister Sheikh Abdullah bin Zayed Al Nahyan planning a visit Monday. The White House said their agenda includes the air campaign against Shiite rebels in Yemen, Iran nuclear negotiations, conflicts in Libya and Syria as well as the fight against the Islamic State.

The U.S. and its coalition allies have carried out nearly 2,000 strikes in Iraq since the campaign against the Islamic State began in August -- as well as nearly 1,400 in neighboring Syria. American officials say that while the campaign has made gains, it is likely to stretch on for years.

After years of war, the United States withdrew its forces from Iraq in 2011 but left behind troops to guard the U.S. Embassy. In November, Obama authorized the deployment of up to 1,500 more American troops to bolster Iraqi forces, which could more than double the total number of U.S. forces to 3,100. The Pentagon has made a spending request to Congress of $1.6 billion, focusing on training and arming Iraqi and Kurdish forces. According to a Pentagon document prepared in November, the U.S. is looking to provide an estimated $89.3 million worth of weapons and other equipment to each of the nine Iraqi army brigades.

The U.S. blamed the lack of inclusiveness by al-Abadi's predecessor, Nouri al-Maliki, for giving the Islamic State a recruiting tool and had made the formation of a new government a condition for deeper military action to stop the militant group. Obama met al-Abadi at the United Nations shortly after his election and praised him as ""the right person to help work with a broad-based coalition of Iraqis,"" and he said the U.S. supports the new prime minister's ""political vision.""",1
1528,Trump Continues His Embrace of Putin,"After Russian President Vladimir Putin complimented Donald Trump, the Republican presidential candidate lavished praise on the heavy-handed leader and U.S. adversary.

Trump said Friday on MSNBC's ""Morning Joe"" that, ""sure"" he's happy about the nice things Putin said about him.

""When people call you 'brilliant' it's always good, especially when the person heads up Russia,"" Trump said.

After the program's hosts pointed out that Putin kills journalists, political opponents and invades countries, Trump still embraced the Russian leader.

""At least he's a leader unlike what we have in this country,"" Trump said.

After the hosts repeated that he kills journalists and political opponents, Trump still avoided criticizing Putin.

""Our country does plenty of killing also,"" Trump added.

Earlier this week, Putin said Trump is a ""bright personality, a talented person, no doubt about it.""

""It is always a great honor to be so nicely complimented by a man so highly respected within his own country and beyond,"" Trump said in a statement.

Putin has become a main adversary to the U.S. Tensions escalated once Putin re-entered office in 2012. Shortly after he invaded Crimea in Ukraine, further escalating tensions.

While Republican presidential candidates have talked tough in response to Putin on the campaign trail, often criticizing former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton for her ""reset"" with Russia shortly after President Barack Obama entered office in 2009. Even New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie saying he would shoot down Russian planes over Syria if the U.S. and allies imposed a no-fly zone, most have been silent into Trump's embrace of the Russian leader.

But former Florida Governor Jeb Bush, who has adopted the mantle of the Trump attack dog, has been the only candidate who has come out and criticized Trump on the issue.

Brian Walsh, Republican strategist at Rokk Solutions said Trump's comments are ""a new level of outrageous.""

He added that of any of the candidates that should respond, en. Ted Cruz should because of his refusal to ever criticize Trump.

Sen. Cruz's silence suggests he endorses (Trump's positions) in some way,"" Walsh said. ""It shows a lack of leadership,""

UPDATE: Ohio Governor John Kasich has also now criticized Trump over Putin.

He tweeted this at 2:10 p.m. EST:",1
990,Trump RNC manager: 'Winning isn't enough',"""This is an example of Donald Trump managing, and the type of leadership he will bring to the presidency in November,"" Manafort said in an exclusive interview with CNN's Chris Cuomo. ""He also understood that winning isn't enough, that it's about how you win and how much you win.""

Manafort told CNN, ""I work directly for the boss,"" a notable departure from the usual workflow at Trump's 2016 operation, where most campaign staff answer to campaign manager Corey Lewandowski.

Manafort joins the Trump campaign as a contested Republican convention becomes more likely. Trump suffered a critical loss to Texas Sen. Ted Cruz Tuesday in the Wisconsin primary. However, the strategist says he is confident the Cruz campaign will hit a rough patch, allowing Trump to win the 1,237 delegates needed to win the nomination outright.

""Utah and New York are two different states,"" he said. ""By the time we get to California, the momentum is going to be clear, and Ted Cruz's path to victory will be in shambles."" Donald Trump has 746 delegates to date of the 1,237 delegates needed to win the nomination outright, meaning Trump would have to win the remaining 61% of delegates up for grabs. RELATED: Donald Trump looks to dominate New York Manafort is also optimistic Trump will block Cruz's chance of winning on the first ballot if the convention is contested. ""You got to understand what the game is. If the game is a second, third or fourth ballot then what he's doing is clever, but on the first ballot it is meaningless."" Manafort's experience in campaigns goes back to the 1976 contested Republican convention . Trump's hiring of Manafort fueled speculation he was replacing campaign manager Corey Lewandowski. However, Manafort insists there was no internal shakeup. ""I listen to everybody,"" he said. ""I view my job as making sure people get to understand and meet Donald Trump.""",1
2962,Will any of Obama's ISIS proposals succeed?,"Washington (CNN) President Barack Obama's televised address on ISIS on Sunday night was meant to calm the public's escalating fears of terrorism, to chide 2016 candidates about explosive rhetoric over waging war and the place of Muslims in society and to defend his own efforts to combat the extremist group.

Whether it succeeded on any of those counts may depend where observers sit on the polarized U.S. political spectrum. But while it was largely a stay-the-course speech rather than one that heralds swift or significant changes to the anti-terrorism approach Obama has pursued throughout his presidency, the President did make several proposals and highlight some evolution in how the United States will go after ISIS in Syria and Iraq.

He notably put the emphasis on Congress to take action on making it more difficult for terrorists to acquire guns in the United States and to enact changes to visa programs in the wake of the San Bernardino attack. Obama also wants lawmakers to finally put the war against ISIS on firm legal footing.

Here is a look at the President's proposals -- and the chances that they will actually happen.

What the President said:

""If Congress believes, as I do, that we are at war with ISIL, it should go ahead and vote to authorize the continued use of military force against these terrorists.""

The United States has spent more than a year pounding ISIS targets in Iraq and Syria from the air. Obama has sent Special Operations forces to Syria and several thousand soldiers are in Iraq. Now, there are plans for the Pentagon to send a specialized expeditionary force to Iraq to target ISIS. But officially, this is an undeclared war.

The administration has cited authorizations that permitted both the war in Iraq and the fight against al Qaeda to justify its actions but has repeatedly called on Congress to update its mandate to reflect the new threat from ISIS.

But it has not yet happened. Why?

Despite Obama's comments in his address, the White House is not optimistic that Congress will move soon. The administration introduced its proposal in February, hoping to get a jump on the political season. But like much else touching on the war on terror, the presidential and congressional elections in 2016 are now weighing on lawmakers.

Democrats running for re-election are wary of tough votes authorizing a new war that may upset the party's dovish grass roots.

Republicans don't like the President's proposal, but they haven't drafted their own version and punt by saying the administration already claims to have sufficient authority. And there's a dispute over language. The White House request for an AUMF lasting three years included a provision that prevents ""enduring offensive ground combat operations.""

Republicans, who want a more robust U.S. effort and are wary of tying the hands of a possible future GOP president, rejected such restrictions.

House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy said Monday that the version of the authorization that the administration sent to Congress earlier this year would ""limit"" the military, so ""it would have to be something different.""

What the President said:

""Congress should act to make sure no one on a no-fly list is able to buy a gun ... this is a matter of national security. We also need to make it harder for people to buy powerful assault weapons like the ones that were used in San Bernardino.""

Just as the Newtown massacre and other mass killings did not budge the politics of gun control, the same dynamic applies after San Bernardino -- one reason why Obama is now framing gun control as a matter of ""national security.""

Making it more difficult for a potential terrorist to buy a gun, in essence, would entail making it more difficult for everyone to buy a gun.

That's why die-hard Second Amendment supporters in both parties are wary of the idea, with many Republicans and Democrats unenthusiastic about a tough vote on guns in an election year -- especially those from rural districts where gun rights are a potent issue for many voters.

In fact, even the day after the San Bernardino killings, the Republican-controlled Senate rejected a bill that would prevent people on a federal terrorism watch list from buying guns.

House Speaker Paul Ryan on Monday told the Wisconsin State Journal in an interview that Obama's no-fly list plan was a ""distraction,"" saying many people ended up on such databases erroneously and risked losing their due process rights, a concern echoed by some 2016 GOP hopefuls.

McCarthy made it clear Monday that Republicans are not inclined to take up the proposal that the President pushed to deny guns to those on the terror watch list used by airlines.

Some congressional Republicans want a judge to weigh in on whether someone should be on the list before his or her constitutional right to bear arms is taken away.

Obama's other gun control efforts have repeatedly hit a brick wall in Congress, and he has frequently expressed frustration at his failure to do more despite ordering a series of executive actions. His efforts to pass an assault weapons ban, for instance, failed in 2013.

The White House is preparing an executive order to expand background checks, given its expectation that nothing will make it through legislatively.

But White House officials say the legal and administrative challenges are difficult to surmount, and that the order is going to take some time to prepare.

And the President has acknowledged that wielding his own executive power cannot be as effective as action from Congress.

What the President said:

""We should put in place stronger screening for those who come to America without a visa so that we can take a hard look at whether they've traveled to war zones.""

Obama also said that he had ordered the Departments of Homeland Security and State to review the visa program under which the female terrorist in San Bernardino originally came to this country as a fiancee of a U.S. citizen.

The visa waiver program appears to be one rare area where there is bipartisan agreement on how to act. The Paris attacks especially alarmed U.S. security experts because of the fear that thousands of Europeans have traveled to Syria to fight with ISIS. And if those people have European passports, they don't need a visa to enter the United States, potentially making it possible for ISIS to easily dispatch operatives into the United States.

One measure being considered in the House and likely to get White House support would ensure that nationals of Iraq, Syria, Iran or Sudan, or those who've visited those countries since 2011, cannot travel to the United States without a visa.

Instead, individuals from designated countries will have to be vetted through a more rigorous process. It requires countries who participate in the visa waiver program to share counterterrorism information or risk being cut out. And it also enhances screening for criminal activity.

The bill is expected to pass with a big bipartisan vote in the House on Tuesday and may be added to broad government spending bills so has a good chance of being signed into law soon.

Still, changing the visa waiver program is fraught with diplomatic complications. Visa-free travel to the United States is a prized privilege for many national governments and is strongly supported by the U.S. tourism industry. And changes to the program could also spark reprisals and complications for Americans who travel abroad.

Islam and the politics of 2016

What the President said:

""We cannot turn against one another by letting this fight be defined as a war between America and Islam.""

This horse is already out of the barn. Several prominent GOP presidential candidates -- Donald Trump and Marco Rubio, for instance -- have declared that America is facing a civilizational war against radical Islam. They have bashed Democrats like Obama and Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton for not using similar terminology, arguing it shows they don't comprehend the nature of the threat or prefer to avoid offense rather than accurately delineate the enemy.

The President and his former secretary of state argue that using such terminology stigmatizes every Muslim and actually plays into ISIS's hands by making it seem like a legitimate representative of a great faith.

This is a dispute that will continue up to the 2016 election and beyond.

What the President said:

""The threat from terrorism is real, but we will overcome it. We will destroy ISIL and any other organization that tries to harm us.""

It is not just Congress that Obama sees as frustrating his effort to combat ISIS. The realities of the conflict-torn Middle East, a region festering with sectarian hatred, geopolitical gambits by major nations and a collapse of the political order that has been in place for a century are posing imposing obstacles to U.S. strategy.

On the upside, the President can legitimately claim to have assembled a 65-nation coalition to go after ISIS in a campaign that includes air strikes in Iraq and Syria that have killed thousands of militants, covert intelligence work and an effort to choke the extremist group's financial network.

But there is a glaring reason why Obama has struggled to effectively sell his strategy: It does not seem sufficiently broad, kinetic or aggressive to accomplish the goal around which he built his speech -- the ultimate destruction of ISIS.

Another factor weighing against a big change in strategy is the self imposed limit that Obama has placed on the entire enterprise. He is staying faithful to his refusal to commit U.S. troops to another major Middle East entanglement -- citing the quagmire that developed after the Iraq War.

Then, there is the intractable nature of civil wars in Iran and Syria, which have fractured both nations and allowed ISIS to build a vast cross-border terror haven.

Even if the air campaign against ISIS in strongholds like Raqqa in Syria and Mosul in Iraq succeeds -- progress may be fleeting without a vast ground force to secure territory, consolidate gains and allow space for the return of administrative politics.

But Western leaders, with Iraq in mind, have little desire or political backing to commit a vast land army.

So they, and 2016 presidential candidates, spend a lot of time calling for regional, Arab and other powers to step into the breach.

But those governments are no more willing or able to thrust their soldiers into the cauldron either. And many have goals in Syria that contradict U.S aspirations, leading to inertia. Then there is the influence of other powers involved in Syria, like Iran and Russia -- which may have common interests in defeating ISIS, but are hardly on the same page as the U.S.

Still, the administration says it is encouraged by the increasing role of allies like France and Britain in the military air campaign over Syria since the ISIS rampage on the streets of Paris last month that killed 130 people. But due to the limited capabilities of its partners, Washington will still do most of the heavy lifting in the air campaign.

The administration has also touted recent German pledges to ramp up reconnaissance over Syria. But at the same time, Arab partners have stepped back. Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates are now more focused on combating Houthi rebels in Yemen.

The White House is working with Turkey to seal the remaining 98 kilometers of unsecured border with Syria, an effort that includes both Turkish and Syrian Arab forces hoping to cut the flows of foreign fighters into the Syrian civil war -- and their return to Europe.

In the absence of a continued military campaign from the Sunni Arab states -- which the U.S. would like to see resume -- the White House is hopeful those nations can capitalize on their relationships with opposition forces in Syria.

Saudi Arabia is also hosting an upcoming meeting of different opposition groups that the U.S. hopes can help pave the way for their participation in a political transition process that would see the eventual departure of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and a theoretical revival of the Syrian state

But those incremental steps, though significant, are unlikely to paper over the fundamental weaknesses of the anti-ISIS fight.",1
218,Speaker Paul Ryan: Let's live in the Christmas spirit,"On behalf of the U.S. House of Representatives, I extend my warmest wishes to everyone celebrating Christmas this year.

We spend a lot of time this season asking for what we want. But perhaps it would be better to ask for what we need. We have been given so much in this country that it almost seems ungrateful to ask for more. But all of us—at all times—need more of what is good. And this year, I hope that all of us continue to live in what I consider the spirit of Christmas: a courageous humility.

It took courage for God to humble Himself. He came down from heaven and became a man—a child in a manger. He did this while knowing that one day He would have to lay down His life for us. He would have to give up His only Son. At first, this might seem like a sad story. But we are to “rejoice in the Lord always.” Christmas is a day of celebration. And it is only through grace and prayer that we come to realize: what a gift He’s given us—what a profound act of love.

And so we rejoice. This year, may we continue the spirit of Christmas by facing our flaws fearlessly and by giving back boldly. May we recognize that our way is not the only way—it is not even the right way. It is God’s way we seek. May we cherish all the gifts we have been given—especially the men and women of our armed forces, the people who keep us safe. And may we remember that it takes courage to put others first. It is courageous to do the right thing.

May we remember, and be brave—and be glad.

Republican Paul Ryan is Speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives. He represents Wisconsin's 1st Congressional District. Follow him on Twitter @SpeakerRyan.",1
3233,Cruz Says Fate of Homeland Security in GOP Leadership’s Hands,"With the Department of Homeland Security’s funding set to expire Feb. 27, Sen. Ted Cruz (R., Texas) complained that GOP leaders lacked a strategy for how to proceed and blamed a larger funding bill approved in December for putting his party in a “box canyon.”

Congress remains splintered over how to fund DHS, which runs the Secret Service, border patrol agencies, as well as airport and port security, among other things.

Meanwhile, DHS Secretary Jeh Johnson told CNN on Sunday that failing to extend funding for the agency would mean 30,000 employees at his agency would be sent home indefinitely without pay. He suggested the White House was unwilling to negotiate a DHS funding bill if any changes to the immigration policy were part of the discussions.",1
4501,The Daily 202: Why blocking Obama’s pick to replace Scalia could cost Republicans their Senate majority,"Mitch McConnell has decided to wager the Republican majority in the Senate on blocking Barack Obama’s pick for the Supreme Court.

It’s a bold and understandable gambit designed to prevent a leftward lurch in jurisprudence after Antonin Scalia’s unexpected death this weekend, but it could backfire badly.

Assuming the president picks a Hispanic, African American or Asian American – bonus points if she’s a woman – this could be exactly what Democrats need to re-activate the Obama coalition that fueled his victories in 2008 and 2012. Even if he does not go with a minority candidate, the cases on the docket will galvanize voters who are traditionally less likely to turn out.

[Get your campaign fix delivered directly to your email inbox with The Daily 202]

Last night in Las Vegas, for example, Hillary Clinton said it would be nakedly partisan and unconscionable if Republicans don’t give a hearing to the president’s nominee. And she emphasized the immigration case that the justices recently agreed to hear. “Because of his passing, there will be most likely a tie, four to four, on important issues that affect so many people in our country,” the Democratic front-runner said. “And the most important is the decision about President Obama’s actions under DACA and DAPA. If there is no new justice appointed, then as with other cases before the court, the decision that was decided will stay in place. And that was a bad decision.”

Keep in mind that a quarter of Nevada’s population is Hispanic. Beyond being a battleground in the presidential race, there is also an open Senate race to succeed Harry Reid. Democrats will nominate a Latina and Republicans will nominate a white guy who is already in Congress.

Or take abortion rights. Marco Rubio is against abortion even in cases of rape and incest. For women, the prospect of Roe v. Wade being overturned just became much more real. “When I’m president of the United States, I’ll nominate someone like Justice Scalia,” the Florida senator declared on the Sunday shows.

And environmentalists just this month saw the court put a stay on Obama’s Clean Power Plan. The next justice will be the swing vote who determines the future of coal in the United States. Though these sorts of cases mean that business interests will pour more money than ever into 2016 races, it could also help Democrats attract crucial suburban women who might lean to the right but worry about global warming.

More broadly, this could also undermine efforts by Senate Republicans to show that they are capable of governing and not just “the party of no.” Make no mistake: The upper chamber will grind to a standstill if the GOP follows through on this threat. Democrats who are inclined to work with them promise to stop doing so if Republicans play hardball.

-- Ultimately, though, there is not really anything Democrats can do procedurally to force Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley to hold a hearing on Obama’s nominee. The only lever they have is public pressure.

The most potent pressure points are the seven GOP incumbents who are up for reelection this year in states Obama carried in 2012. New Hampshire’s Kelly Ayotte and Wisconsin’s Ron Johnson publicly came out in favor of obstruction yesterday. The others are holding their cards close to the vest for right now: Ohio’s Rob Portman praised Scalia but would not address the core issue. Spokesmen for Pennsylvania’s Pat Toomey declined to comment and Illinois’ Mark Kirk ignored inquiries, per CNN.

Pay particularly close attention to Portman, who is already vulnerable and could be wiped out if African Americans make up the same percentage of the electorate in 2016 as they did in 2012. They are likelier to vote if they believe he is disrespecting the first black president.

“I intend to continue to talk about this until the polls close,” former Ohio Gov. Ted Strickland, the Democratic candidate against Portman, told my colleague Paul Kane yesterday. “Senator Portman, who has your allegiance, your country or your party leaders? … The people have spoken, on two occasions,” he added, referring to Obama’s 2008 and 2012 victories.

-- Conventional wisdom is that whichever party wins the White House in November will control the Senate. That’s obviously the primary factor, but we’re not convinced it will be determinative. Democrats need to pick up four seats to win the Senate, and it’s conceivable they could get those from states that Clinton would probably carry even if she loses the Electoral College. In 2014, it’s worth recalling, Democrats lost each of the seven seats they had to defend in states Mitt Romney had carried two years earlier.

And remember that this won’t be happening in a vacuum: If Obama knows for sure that his pick is not going to get formally considered, he can go with someone who gives his party maximum political leverage to bludgeon these Republican incumbents. Monica Márquez is the first Latina and first openly gay justice on the Supreme Court in Colorado, which will again be a crucial swing state. Attorney General Loretta Lynch is an African American woman. Lucy Koh is the first Asian American district judge in the Northern District of California. He could also go with someone who was previously confirmed unanimously by the Senate to give additional rhetorical heft to his attacks that Republicans are being hypocrites.

-- What’s the Republican political calculus? Blocking judges historically motivates their base – including donors and the U.S. Chamber – more than it does liberals. And they don’t think independents will really care all that much. It will just sound like more Washington noise. McConnell, not a favorite of the grassroots, also needs to keep his own base ginned up. Amidst a presidential primary, it is untenable for Republicans to look like rubber stamps for Obama.

Chris Christie offers a cautionary tale for GOP members. His bubble in New Hampshire was punctured when opponents began attacking him for offering support of Sonia Sotomayor while he was running for governor of New Jersey in 2008. Christie denied making comments he had made. Allies and rivals agree that the Sotomayor hit was a turning point for his campaign. Republicans who fear primary challenges, such as Alabama’s Richard Shelby, are never going to back any Obama nominee.

Most smart Republicans in D.C. still believe either Trump or Cruz would lose a general election. Their hope is that a Supreme Court vacancy might help galvanize conservative volunteers to go do work for endangered Senate incumbents.

-- To be sure, not every Democrat has a clean nose on this: Harry Reid shortsightedly invoked the nuclear option in 2013, which allows non-Supreme court judges to be approved by a simple majority. This incensed Republicans and only accelerated the upper chamber’s decline to be more like the unruly House.

Lindsey Graham, one of just two current GOP senators who voted to confirm Elena Kagan during Obama’s first term, tells The Post that Reid poisoned the well by going nuclear. “I voted for every Supreme Court justice nominated by Bush and Obama. I believe the Senate should be deferential to qualified picks,” the South Carolina senator said. “But I did tell Harry Reid and the president that the consequence of changing the rules in the Senate to pack the court will come back to haunt them.”

George F. Will also zeroes in on Reid’s use of the nuclear option in his column today, which he describes as “institutional vandalism.” He frames the battle this way: “Scalia’s death will enkindle a debate missing from this year’s presidential campaign, a debate discomfiting for some conservatives: Do they want a passive court that is deferential to legislative majorities and to presidents who claim untrammeled powers deriving from national majorities? Or do they want a court actively engaged in defending liberty’s borders against unjustified encroachments by majorities?”

-- The big question right now: Will there even be a confirmation hearing?

McConnell’s Saturday night statement declaring that the vacancy should be filled by the next president did not rule out the possibility of a confirmation hearing or floor time to consider whoever the president picks.

That might be the more politically astute play, since Republicans could slow walk the vetting, trickle out negative revelations about the nominee to right-wing media outlets and then ultimately vote to reject the nominee.

Having hearings could give some cover to purple state Republicans to say they are doing their jobs. “If the Republican leadership refuses to even hold a hearing, I think that is going to guarantee they're going to lose control of the Senate,"" said Patrick Leahy, the ranking Democrat on the Judiciary Committee.

Plus, even if Obama’s pick gets past the Judiciary Committee, they will be hard pressed to get confirmed by the full Senate. Fourteen Republicans would need to come out against Cruz’s promised filibuster. During Obama’s first term, when Democrats held a near super-majority, only nine Republicans voted for Sotomayor and five voted for Kagan.

Given that the Senate is on a President’s Day recess, White House spokesman Eric Schultz said Obama will not rush out an announcement this week. This gives both sides a few days to poll and focus group their options.

A former top adviser to the president says the GOP could have been savvier:

-- Another wildcard: How will the press cover this? One of the mainstream media’s problems is a really short attention span. What is unknowable today is whether this vacancy is a two-week story, a two-month story or a 10-month story? Also, is the narrative that Republicans are creating an unprecedented Constitutional crisis? Or is it played as a boring he-said, he-said storyline?

Democrats note that Obama still has the bully pulpit, so he can come up with creative ways to drive news coverage about the GOP’s failure to bring his nominee up for a vote. The party can also use paid media to target the vulnerable Republican incumbents.

-- For both sides, it really is difficult to overstate the stakes: Scalia left an indelible mark on both the court and our country for nearly three decades, and his replacement could do the same. Ironically, if Clinton wins and Democrats retake the Senate after McConnell spends the year taking heat, she will have a mandate to put the most progressive justice imaginable on the bench. And Republicans will have no real grounds to oppose her. For McConnell, right now, that’s a risk worth taking.

THE BUZZ AT THE CAPITOL: “Some hopeful Democrats now see the nomination of a sitting senator as the best chance Obama has to seat another justice on the Supreme Court before leaving office,” Juliet Eilperin and Paul Kane report. “There are several Senate Democrats who fit that description, including Amy Klobuchar (Minn.), Sheldon Whitehouse (R.I.), Christopher A. Coons (Del.) and Richard J. Durbin (Ill.). But individuals who have spoken with the White House about the nomination process … said the president is interested in a candidate who is young enough to serve an extended period of time. Only two of those senators — Klobuchar, at 55, and Coons, at 52 — are younger than 60, the age Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg was when she was nominated.”

… But we hear that POTUS is more likely to go with someone who has already been confirmed and vetted. “Although Obama has installed fewer federal appellate judges than either Presidents Clinton or George W. Bush, he has put enough nominees on the bench that Democratic appointees are in the majority on nine of the nation’s 13 circuit courts,” Juliet and Paul note. “In that group, the 9th Circuit’s Paul J. Watford, a 48-year-old African American, and Sri Srinivasan, a 48-year-old judge on U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit who would be the first South-Asian American on the Supreme Court, would be the leading contenders. Others include the D.C. Circuit’s Patricia Ann Millett, 52, and Jane L. Kelly, 51, a judge on the 8th Circuit who was confirmed 96 to 0” with the support of Grassley.

-- What does the loss of Scalia mean for cases currently on the docket? “In the short term, conservatives could still prevail on many of the cases before the court this term. But the wins could come in the form of tie votes that preserve the status quo rather than provide precedents that will shape the future,” writes Robert Barnes, our Supreme Court correspondent.

A big break for public employee unions: “At oral arguments, the court seemed prepared to hand a significant defeat to organized labor and side with a group of California teachers who claim that their free-speech rights are violated when they are forced to pay dues to the state’s teachers union. The court’s conservatives — Scalia included — appeared ready to junk a 40-year-old precedent that allows unions to collect an ‘agency fee’ from nonmembers to support collective-bargaining activities for members and nonmembers alike. But the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit, citing that precedent, had ruled for the union. And with the Supreme Court’s liberals seemingly united in upholding the precedent, a 4-to-4 vote would mean the union victory would stand.”

The law could be interpreted differently in different regions: “For instance, a Texas law that imposes new restrictions on abortion providers was found constitutional by a panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 5th Circuit. A 4-to-4 tie would uphold that finding. But a similar law in Wisconsin was struck down and would be unaffected by the court’s tie in the Texas case.”

Barnes adds that, if Republican leaders hold firm, it will also affect which cases the justices choose to take up when the next term starts in October. (Read a breakdown of how four cases will likely be impacted here.)

-- Chaos, confusion and conflicting reports in the hours after Scalia’s death, which happened during a blue quail hunting trip. From Lana Straub, Eva Ruth Moravec, Sari Horwitz and Jerry Markon: After his body was discovered, it took hours for authorities in remote West Texas to find a justice of the peace. “When they did, she pronounced Scalia dead of natural causes without seeing the body and decided not to order an autopsy. A second justice of the peace, who was called but couldn’t get to Scalia’s body in time, said she would have ordered an autopsy. ‘If it had been me . . . I would want to know,’ Juanita Bishop, a justice of the peace in Presidio, Tex., told The Washington Post in an interview Sunday.”

Some details of his final hours at the Cibolo Creek Ranch, a luxury compound less than an hour from the Mexican border, remain opaque: “As late as Sunday afternoon, there were conflicting reports about whether an autopsy would be performed, though officials later said Scalia’s body was being embalmed and there would be no autopsy. One report, by WFAA-TV in Dallas, said the death certificate would show the cause of the death was a heart attack.”

-- South Carolina is Ground Zero for the Republican race—

Ratings: 13.5 million watched the CBS debate on Saturday, surpassing the 13.3 million who watched last weekend’s debate on ABC and the 8 million who watched the Democratic debate in Milwaukee on PBS/CNN. (CNN Money)

Driving the day: Laura and George W. Bush headline a rally for Jeb in North Charleston tonight. “It tacks away from Bush’s months-long insistence that he’s running as ‘my own man,’ but could be a perfect fit for South Carolina,” the Associated Press notes in a curtain-raiser. “George H.W. Bush won twice here. In 2000, George W. Bush beat John McCain. Now it’s his brother’s turn.”

Kasich’s super PAC circulated a CNN clip from when Jeb said in New Hampshire last May, “I think that in Washington during my brother's time Republicans spent too much money. He could have used the veto power. He didn't have line item veto power, but he could have brought budget discipline to Washington, D.C.""

Republican leaders are predicting record turnout in Saturday’s primary: “The electorate here will be about twice as big as Iowa and New Hampshire combined,” said state GOP Chairman Matt Moore. “A third are very conservative, a third are somewhat; a third are moderate.” He’s quoted in a Charleston Post and Courier story about efforts to “restore South Carolina’s credibility in picking the eventual nominee.” From the piece: “GOP voters here chose correctly in all the party races since 1980 until the turnabout in 2012. ‘South Carolinians kind of blew it last time voting for Gingrich,’ said Clemson professor David Woodard, who thinks the state is Trump’s to lose. ‘They’re taking their ‘first-in-the-South primary’ and ‘we pick presidents’ to heart. There is a seriousness here that’s on display this time.’”

On the Sunday shows, Trump focused on Cruz. ""Justice John Roberts gave us Obamacare twice,"" Trump said on ABC. ""He could have ended Obamacare twice. He got there because Ted Cruz pushed him like wild. ... Cruz shouldn't be talking because that was among the worst appointments I've ever seen. We have Obamacare because of Ted Cruz, Jeb Bush and George Bush."" Trump also emphasized Cruz's personality: ""No endorsements, no support — he's a lone wolf. He's going to get nothing done, he's not a leader, he's never employed anybody, never created a job. He's a nasty guy, no matter how you figure it.”

… And Cruz focused on Trump: ""If Donald Trump becomes president, the Second Amendment will be written out of the Constitution because it is abundantly clear that Donald Trump is not a conservative. He will not invest the capital to confirm a conservative, so the result will be the same whether it’s Hillary, Bernie or Donald,"" Cruz said. ""The Second Amendment will go away."" (Elise Viebeck)

Trump changed his explanation for why no one can find proof that he opposed the invasion of Iraq before 2003: “I wasn’t a politician so people didn’t write everything I said,” he said on “Meet the Press.” In September, he said there was ample documentation: “I’ll give you 25 different stories.” BuzzFeed notes that an August 2004 interview with Esquire is the first known instance of his public opposition.

Both candidates courted the African American vote at the same Baptist church in Las Vegas. John Wagner relays an incredibly awkward scene: “Clinton and her motorcade already had arrived the Victory Missionary Baptist Church, located in an economically struggling neighborhood west of the Vegas Strip, when Sanders’s entourage pulled in with a police escort. Clinton was seated in the first row, on the left side. Sanders took a seat in the first row, on the right side. The candidates did not shake hands or talk.”

Later, Clinton stepped up her attacks on Sanders over health care in a Vegas suburb: ""We both share the goal of universal health-care coverage, but he wants to start all over again,"" she said at a rally after church. ""And he wants to have a new system that would be quite challenging because you would have to give up the insurance you have now, and it would cost a lot of money. The goal is a good goal -- I absolutely agree with that -- but the last thing our country needs now is to be thrown into another contentious debate about health care."" (David Weigel)

The Review-Journal reports that Sanders has spent twice as much on TV ads in Nevada as Clinton, $2.93 million to $1.46 million.

Trolling HRC, the conservative super PAC American Crossroads launched a $42,000 digital buy to highlight hardline comments she’s made about illegal immigration during previous races. Watch here.

-- “Debate rips open GOP wounds, and party risks tearing itself apart,” by Robert Costa and Philip Rucker: “The GOP is at risk of tearing itself apart over its past as it heads into the thick of the primary season. A day after a debate marked by personal, petty exchanges, Republicans were grappling with their core beliefs, as well as the image they were broadcasting to the country … The increasingly harsh discussions of these and other issues amount to an existential crisis within the Republican Party and reflect the growing influence of non-ideological, populist voters. Contenders are making their most concerted effort yet to stop Trump [in South Carolina], even though previous attempts to take him down have attained little. The escalating quarreling may increase the likelihood of a long, expensive and potentially futile effort … As the candidates returned to the campaign trail, the mess they left behind on the stage of Greenville’s Peace Center had some party strategists wondering whether the damage may be politically irreparable.”

-- “What made the friendship between Scalia and Ginsburg work,” by Irin Carmon: “Nino and RBG, the court’s most famous odd couple friendship stood as an example of warmth and professionalism across traditional divides … The reserved Clinton appointee and the bombastic Reagan pick had vastly different views on the constitution and the role of the court. And yet. One former clerk told us Scalia was Ginsburg’s favored souvenir shopping buddy when they traveled together. On a trip to India, they famously rode an elephant, with Scalia sitting up front. They shared New Year’s Eves with their families and friends. In 2010, when Chief Justice Roberts announced [Ginsburg’s husband] Marty’s death from the bench, Scalia wiped tears from his eyes … Whether or not it was how Scalia saw it, for Ginsburg their public friendship also made a statement about the court as an institution: that it was strengthened by respectful debate, that it could work no matter how polarized its members were.”

-- “A mini world war rages in the fields of Aleppo,” by Liz Sly: “Across the olive groves and wheat fields of the northern Syrian province of Aleppo, a battle with global dimensions risks erupting into a wider war. Russian warplanes are bombing from the sky. Iraqi and Lebanese militias aided by Iranian advisers are advancing on the ground. An assortment of Syrian rebels backed by the United States, Turkey, Saudi Arabia and Qatar are fighting to hold them back. Kurdish forces are taking advantage of the chaos, [while] the Islamic State has snatched a couple of small villages … Syria’s civil war long ago mutated into a proxy conflict, with competing world powers backing the rival Syrian factions almost since the earliest days of the armed rebellion against President Bashar al-Assad. But perhaps never before have the dangers — or the complications — of what amounts to a mini world war been so apparent as in the battle underway for control of Aleppo.”

-- Doug Sosnik’s take on the road ahead: The Democratic strategist, who served as a close adviser to Bill Clinton during his presidency, is known in Washington for insightful memos that diagnose the national mood. We got the latest one. Three nuggets jumped out—

Independents will see the 2016 election as a choice between the lesser of two evils: “This year’s Republican primary is the most rightward leaning since 1964, while Democrats have not been this far to the left since the 1972 campaign. As the parties have become increasingly ideological, Americans have drifted away from both of them. Self-identified independents are at near historic levels. … In this period of profound alienation, with both parties engaging in harsh ideological primaries, the public is likely to view the entire political process as a race to the bottom. They will be inclined to view their choice for president through the prism of which candidate is the least flawed and poses the least threat to their future well-being.”

Obama’s approval rating is remarkably durable: “Since the summer of 2009, when these divisions began to intensify, Obama’s positive job approval ratings have remained flat, never going below 40% or above 53%. A closer look at these numbers shows the impact that age, race and income have had on his ratings. The narrow band reflects little movement from Obama’s core supporters, as well as steadfast opposition from his detractors.”

The Democratic primary in New York will matter: “In the period between the March primaries and the middle of April, fewer than 400 delegates will be selected. With the exception of the Wisconsin primary on April 5th, most of the attention will be focused on the New York (Wall Street) primary on April 19th. The last two key dates during the primary will be April 26th, when five northeastern states will select 384 delegates, and June 7th when California and five other states west of the Mississippi will hold elections.”

Read Sosnik’s 5-page memo here. See his 25-slide PowerPoint deck here.

Hillary and Bernie were in Las Vegas:

Congressional Democrats spent all day ripping Republicans over the upcoming Supreme Court fight:

Comedian Mindy Kaling jokingly wished a happy Valentine's Day to one of the judges who could be on Obama's short list:

Donald Trump attacked the RNC for the donors at the debate:

Along with the Obamas:

Along with plenty of lawmakers:

Others joked about a presidential race that seems like it will never end:

-- “REVENGE OF THE POPULISTS” is the headline on the front page of The State to describe the success of Trump and Sanders. The Columbia, S.C., newspaper searches for historical antecedents: “Trump rails against immigrants, echoing the nativist, mid-1800s Know Nothing Party that grew out of fears that an influx of Catholic immigrants was threatening the American way of life. Sanders’ outcry against banks and corporations has its roots in the populist movement of the late 1800s, formed by a coalition of laborers and farmers, suffering, they said, under high loan and railroad rates that lined the elite’s pockets.”

The article emphasizes similarities in their messaging and supporters: “Angst over the economy — as in populist movements of the past — has led to similar lines of attack from Trump and Sanders. ‘This is not a rising-tide-that-lifts-all-boats recovery,’ said Danielle Vinson, a Furman University political scientist. … Both Trump and Sanders, for instance, denounce trade deals … Both have taken more isolationist stances in foreign policy … Both also have cast Washington politicians as shills for corporate interests.”

-- The State also looks at the 12 percent of South Carolina voters who say they are undecided: “Retired oncologist Tripp Jones say his choice presents a dilemma in Saturday’s Republican presidential primary. None of the six candidates left in the GOP field fits the bill for Jones, a longtime Republican who ‘wants somebody who is going to take America to the next level but has common sense.’ Jones is among the 1-in-8 Republicans who are undecided as Saturday’s primary looms. Political ads do little for him. ‘I’ve got to settle on one, but I don’t have a clue yet who it will be,’ he said. Other voters plan to wait until the end. ‘I’m going to let it all play out,’ said Irmo Town Councilwoman Kathy Condom, who plans to vote Republican. ‘I’ll figure it out on the 19th (of February).’”

Who they are --> Politico, “The Whale That Nearly Drowned The Donald,” by Michael Crowley: “Akio Kashiwagi was a mysterious figure reputed to have underworld connections. He was one of the world’s top five gamblers, a ‘whale’ in casino parlance, willing to wager $10 million in a single gaming bender. After his murder, one unnamed executive told the paper that Kashiwagi had owed the Trump Plaza Hotel and Casino $4 million … The story of Kashiwagi, drawn from Trump’s memoirs and news accounts from the day, offers a revealing window into Trump’s instincts. It shows that Trump isn’t just a one-time casino owner—he’s also a gambler, prone to impulsive, even reckless action. Trump is obsessed with winning, a topic he usually brings up in the context of his merciless deal-making style. But a crucial question about any would-be president who may be confronted with questions of war and peace is his attitude toward risk. Some presidents are highly averse to it … Others roll the dice.”

-- The Atlantic, “The 'New Look' of the Post-Obama Electorate,” by Theodore R. Johnson: “In 2008, when then-Senator Barack Obama rode the highest black voter turnout in U.S. history to the White House, black voters felt The Look had been exchanged … African American voters felt that a black president could give them special attention and understand black America’s grievances better than any other. It wasn’t favoritism African Americans sought; they simply wanted an acknowledgement that structural racism is real and some executive resolve to address it from the first president to have experienced it firsthand. But things haven’t gone quite as they had hoped. The welled-up hope that racism would be a presidential priority and undergo an incremental process of amelioration began to slowly dissipate in the face of politics as usual … And frustration has given rise to a new generation of black voters and activists, a generation who uses more overt and dynamic techniques to influence the political agenda.”

--The New Yorker, “Can Cruz Beat Trump on Conservative Principles?,” by Ryan Lizza: “Ted Cruz is the best political tactician in the Republican race. But for all of Cruz’s tactical successes so far, he made one enormous mistake: he misunderstood the threat posed by Trump. By repeatedly praising Trump throughout 2015, Cruz did more than any other Republican to validate the reality-TV star as a true conservative … Cruz, the most well-funded conservative, stuck to his hug-Trump strategy until just a few days before the Iowa caucuses. At the CBS debate, [he] tried desperately to undo that damage, and his attempt to unmask Trump as a closet liberal led to the most fiery exchange of the evening. And now there is a new accelerant to the Cruz–Bush campaign to turn Trump into a liberal: Antonin Scalia’s death. For many ideological conservatives, the makeup of the Supreme Court is the most important issue in America … [and] the success of Cruz’s campaign may depend on that fight.”

-- New York Times, “A Leisurely Return for the New York State Legislature,” by Jesse McKinley: “Last week, [New York’s] 213 elected lawmakers — or as many who were able to attend — gathered for a couple of hours, passed a few minor bills and some well-meaning resolutions, and then formally adjourned for a 14-day winter break, officially ending their workweek. The time was 1:32 p.m. On a Tuesday. Two months after the corruption convictions of Sheldon Silver and Dean G. Skelos, the former leaders of the State Assembly and Senate … that sense of urgency has seemingly dissipated, unable to penetrate the intractable culture of Albany: The 2016 Legislature has yet to offer any new bills related to ethics reform, and the leaders have been noncommittal on a raft of proposals made by Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo. The state’s lawmakers have responded with a leisurely return to well-established habits, marked by two-day weeks in the capital, six-minute floor sessions and a collection of one-house bills with little or no chance of becoming law.”

-- At the White House: President Obama is still in California, where he'll meet with leaders from the Association of Southeast Asian Nations in Rancho Mirage throughout the day.

-- On the campaign trail: Bernie Sanders is in Ypsilanti and Dearborn, Mich., while John Kasich stops in Allendale, East Lansing and Utica. Hillary Clinton is in Elko and Reno, Nevada. The rest of the field is in South Carolina. Here's the rundown:

NEWS YOU CAN USE IF YOU LIVE IN D.C.:

-- I guess this is what they call a “wintry mix”? “After an overnight burst, snow may be slow to get going early on, but should pick up by mid-morning,” the Capital Weather Gang forecasts. “During the course of the afternoon, snow likely changes to sleet and freezing rain from south to north. Temperatures remain below freezing keeping those untreated surfaces very slick. Highs range from 25-30.”

INTRIGUE: Vince Gray is running against the woman he anointed to succeed him on the D.C. Council. “His former protege insists she is not retreating,” Paul Schwartzman reports. “Yvette Alexander, in an interview, accused Gray of challenging her as a first step toward a 2018 mayoral bid that would avenge his loss to Muriel E. Bowser in the 2014 Democratic primary. ‘He’s just trying to get his foot in the door,’ Alexander said. ‘If Vince Gray is honest about it, he would tell the truth and say, ‘I want to run for mayor. I want to get revenge.’ That’s who he is, and Ward 7 knows it.’"" She also suggested that he didn’t get indicted because he “had a very good attorney.” Gray spokesman Chuck Thies fired back: “Vince doesn’t feel that she has grown in the job. When you’ve been there for eight years and you’re not an influential council member, it’s time for you to go. At this point, Yvette is just taking up space. That’s not Vince’s fault.”

-- A year-long study of Alexandria's historic buildings revealed that many need immediate – and expensive-- renovations that could cost the city hundreds of millions. (Patricia Sullivan)

-- Prince William County supervisors have given up on their efforts to reduce concealed-carry permit fees after the measure failed in a recent vote. (Jonathan Hunley)

-- Parents in Southeast Washington have begun interviewing teachers for a new charter school, Rocketship, which is set to open next year in Ward 8. The D.C. Public Charter School Board voted in 2013 to allow the California-based charter operator to open as many as eight schools in the District. (Perry Stein)

Bill Clinton seemed to downplay Obama's status as the first black president, saying ""we're all mixed race people"":

In an old clip, Elena Kagan talks about hunting with Scalia:

Campaign chairman John Podesta called this voter-generated video about Hillary ""awesome"":

Watch a polar bear at the Toronto Zoo see snow for the first time!",1
1946,Mitt Romney still has a Mormon problem,"If you had to sum up Mitt Romney's planned third bid for president in 2016 in a single slogan (and why wouldn't you?), it would be: Mitt Romney 3.0 -- now with more Mormon! Here's The Washington Post's Phil Rucker on that point:

If he runs again in 2016, Romney is determined to rebrand himself as authentic, warts and all, and central to that mission is making public what for so long he kept private. He rarely discussed his religious beliefs and practices in his failed 2008 and 2012 races, often confronting suspicion and bigotry with silence as his political consultants urged him to play down his Mormonism. Now, Romney speaks openly about his service as a lay pastor in the Mormon Church, recites Scripture to audiences, muses about salvation and the prophet, urges students to marry young and “ have a quiver full of kids,” and even cracks jokes about Joseph Smith’s polygamy.

I get Romney's decision.  I was one of the people who thought he should talk more about his faith in the 2012 general election campaign as a way to counter the perception being pushed by the Obama campaign that he was a flip-flopping plutocrat with no core beliefs. His Mormon faith has always been central to Romney's private persona so if the goal is to run the ""real Romney"" this time, then it's the right move.

That said, there's plenty of reasons to believe that a forward-facing of his Mormonism might have less-than-ideal political consequences for Romney -- particularly among a Republican primary electorate. After Romney's 2008 defeat in the Iowa caucuses during the Republican primary -- at the hands of former Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee, an evangelical and minister -- there was lots of grumbling from Romneyworld that the main reason their guy came up short was his faith.  Iowans -- and especially those who considered themselves ""born again"" or evangelical -- were deeply skeptical of Romney's Mormonism and the Mormon faith more generally. Many believed it wasn't a Christian faith and, when being candid, considered it a quasi-cult.

Four years later, even as Romney was on his way to becoming the nominee, that skepticism among evangelicals was readily apparent. Romney lost every primary in 2012 in which exit polls found evangelical Christians comprised a majority of voters. In South Carolina, evangelicals were the decisive vote; they went for former House speaker Newt Gingrich by 22 points over Romney.  Across all primary contests in 2012, Romney did 13 percentage points worse among evangelical Christians than non-evangelicals. (Is it possible that evangelicals were reacting to something other than Romney's Mormon faith when they voted for other candidates? Sure. But, it seems very unlikely.)

And, there's little evidence that Romney's past presidential bids have had much effect on how white evangelicals view Mormonism generally.  This chart comes courtesy of a December 2012 Pew poll:

White evangelicals are roughly divided on whether Mormonism is a Christian religion and are significantly more skeptical of that fact than the public at large. And remember that 57 percent of Iowa caucus-goers in 2012 identified as ""born again/evangelical"" while 65 percent of South Carolina primary voters said the same.

I've always believed that Romney's Mormonism -- along with his wealth -- was something that made him seem ""other"" to the average Republican primary voter.  Less than two percent of Americans, by most estimates, are Mormon. That number is far lower in places such as Iowa or South Carolina. Many Republican primary voters don't know anyone who is a Mormon or anyone who even knows a Mormon. It's a barrier to familiarity -- whether it should be or not. And, in states such as Iowa and South Carolina that are not only heavily evangelical but also demand retail politicking, any barrier like that is a big one.

None of the above should sway Romney from more publicly embracing his religion in this campaign (if there is a campaign for him). The best thing you can be in politics is yourself. But a ""damn the torpedoes"" approach by Romney on his Mormonism has to come with this expectation too: There are torpedoes out there.",1
4005,"Russia launches airstrikes in northern Syria, senior military official says","Russian warplanes began bombarding Syrian opposition targets in the war-torn nation's north Wednesday, following a terse meeting at which a Russian general asked Pentagon officials to clear out of Syrian air space and was rebuffed, Fox News has learned.

A U.S. official said Russian airstrikes targeted fighters in the vicinity of Homs, located roughly 60 miles east of a Russian naval facility in Tartus, and were carried out by a ""couple"" of Russian bombers. The strikes hit targets in Homs and Hama, but there is no presence of ISIS in those areas, a senior U.S. defense official said. These planes are hitting areas where Free Syrian Army and other anti-Assad groups are located, the official said.

Activists and a rebel commander on the ground said the Russian airstrikes have mostly hit moderate rebel positions and civilians. In a video released by the U.S.-backed rebel group Tajamu Alezzah, jets are seen hitting a building claimed to be a location of the group in the town of Latamna in the central Hama province.

The group commander Jameel al-Saleh told a local Syrian news website that the group's location was hit by Russian jets but didn't specify the damage.

A group of local activists in the town of Talbiseh in Homs province recorded at least 16 civilians killed, including two children.

According to a U.S. senior official, Presidents Obama and Putin agreed on a process to ""deconflict"" military operations. The Russians on Wednesday ""bypassed that process,"" the official said.

""That's not how responsible nations do business,"" the official said.

The development came after Pentagon officials, in a development first reported by Fox News, brushed aside an official request, or ""demarche,"" from Russia to clear air space over northern Syria, where Moscow said it intended to conduct airstrikes against ISIS on behalf of Assad, according to sources who spoke to Fox News. The request was made in a heated discussion between a Russian three-star general and U.S. officials at the American Embassy in Baghdad, sources said.

""If you have forces in the area we request they leave,"" said the general, who used the word ""please"" in the contentious encounter.

A senior Pentagon official said the U.S., which also has been conducting airstrikes against ISIS, but does not support Assad, said the request was not honored.

""We still conducted our normal strike operations in Syria today,"" the official said. ""We did not and have not changed our operations.""

State Department spokesman John Kirby told reporters the Russian airstrikes won't change the strategy of the U.S.-led coalition.

""The U.S.-led coalition will continue to fly missions over Iraq and Syria as planned and in support of our international mission to degrade and destroy ISIL,"" Kirby told reporters, while acknowledging the meeting at the American embassy in Baghdad.

Russia's Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov told foreign ministers of world powers Wednesday that his country is ""ready to forge standing channels of communication to ensure a maximally effective fight against terrorist groups.""

Lavrov spoke to the U.N. Security Council shortly after Russia's defense ministry announced its jets are carrying out airstrikes on Islamic State group positions in Syria.

Lavrov said Russia would shortly circulate a draft council resolution to promote joint efforts against groups like the Islamic State.

The move by Moscow marks a major escalation in ongoing tensions between the two countries over military action in the war-torn country and comes moments after Russian lawmakers formally approved a request from Putin to authorize the use of troops in Syria. Putin said previously that Russia would strike ISIS targets.

The Federation Council, the upper house of Russia's parliament, discussed Putin's request for the authorization behind the closed doors. Sergei Ivanov, chief of Putin's administration, said in televised remarks that the parliament voted unanimously to approve the request.

Ivanov said the authorization is necessary ""not in order to achieve some foreign policy goals"" but ""in order to defend Russia's national interests.""

Putin is obligated to request parliamentary approval for any use of Russian troops abroad, according to the Russian Constitution. The last time he did so was before Russia annexed Ukraine's Crimean Peninsula in March 2014.

Putin's request comes after his bilateral meeting with Obama on the sidelines of the United Nations General Assembly meeting in New York, where the two were discussing Russia's recent military buildup in Syria.

A U.S. official told Fox News Monday the two leaders agreed to discuss political transition in Syria but were at odds over the role that Assad should play in resolving the civil conflict. The official said Obama reiterated to Putin that he does not believe there is a path to stability in Syria with Assad in power. Putin has said the world needs to support Assad because his military has the best chance to defeat ISIS militants.

Putin said the meeting, which lasted slightly more than 90 minutes, was “very constructive, business-like and frank"".

""We are thinking about it, and we don't exclude anything,"" Putin told reporters at the time

The Kremlin reported that Putin hosted a meeting of the Russian security council at his residence Tuesday night outside of Moscow, saying that they were discussing terrorism and extremism.

On Tuesday, French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius called on Russia to make a real contribution to the fight against ISIS, telling reporters at the United Nations that Moscow ""is against the terrorists, it's not abnormal to launch strikes against them.""

""The international community has hit (ISIS). France has hit (ISIS), Assad very little, and the Russians not at all. So one has to look at who does what,"" Fabius added.

Russia has been a staunch supporter of Assad during Syria's bloody civil war, and multiple reports have previously indicated that Russian troops are aiding Assad's forces. Israel's defense minister also said earlier this month that Russian troops are in Syria to help Assad fight the ISIS terror group.

On Wednesday, Reuters reported that Russia's Foreign Ministry told the news agency Interfax that a recently established operations center in Baghdad would help coordinate airstrikes and ground troops in Syria. Fox News first reported last week that the center had been set up by Russian, Syrian and Iranian military commanders with the goal of working with Iranian-backed Shia militias fighting ISIS.

Over the weekend, the Iraqi government announced that it would begin sharing ""security and intelligence"" information with Russia, Syria and Iran to help combat ISIS.

Meanwhile, intelligence sources told Fox News Friday that Iranian Quds Force commander Qasem Soleimani met with Russian military commanders in Baghdad Sept. 22. Fox News reported earlier this month that Soleimani met Putin in Moscow over the summer to discuss a joint military plan in Syria.

""The Russians are no longer advising, but co-leading the war in Syria,"" one intelligence official said at the time.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
1309,How to watch tonight's Republican debate,"The next Republican presidential debate is tonight in Manchester, New Hampshire, and will air on ABC. The network has said that coverage of the debate will begin at 8 pm Eastern, though it is not clear if the debate will begin right then or a bit afterward. You'll be able to view a live stream online at ABCNews.go.com.

After skipping out on the last GOP debate — and losing the Iowa caucuses — Donald Trump has announced that he will show up this time. He'll be joined by Iowa winner Ted Cruz and Iowa ""media winner"" Marco Rubio, whose unexpectedly competitive performance in the caucuses has bolstered his prospects for winning the nomination in the eyes of political elites. Ben Carson, who finished a weak fourth in Iowa and whose candidacy has been in decline for months, will also be in attendance, though his campaign seems like it might not be going for too much longer.

Watch: Ted Cruz trolls Donald Trump in opening remarks of last Republican debate

Then there are three other candidates — Jeb Bush, John Kasich, and Chris Christie — who are desperately hoping for a strong performance in Tuesday's New Hampshire primary to keep them in the race. Bush, Kasich, and Christie, who are all establishment-friendly candidates, are all considered rivals to Rubio, who did far better than them in Iowa. So expect them to make a last attempt at taking Rubio down at tonight's debate.

Conversely, the debate gives Rubio a big opportunity to outshine those establishment rivals right before the New Hampshire primary. If Rubio outperforms Bush, Kasich, and Christie in the Granite State too, they'll all likely drop out of the race soon — clearing the way for Rubio to be the mainstream Republican alternative to Trump and Cruz. If Rubio stumbles in New Hampshire, though, the race could remain muddled for a bit longer.

Since the GOP field has shrunk, there will be no undercard debate for candidates who aren't polling as well this time around. But, much to her disappointment, Carly Fiorina missed ABC's polling cutoff to qualify for this debate — she and former Virginia governor Jim Gilmore are the two remaining candidates who will be left out.

Where: St. Anselm's College Institute of Politics, Manchester, New Hampshire",1
2774,"Kerry: World leaders take step to end Syria war and spreading terror concerns, but disagreements persist","Secretary of State John Kerry said Saturday that world leaders have made progress toward ending the civil war in Syria, where the chaos has allowed the Islamic State, the terror group responsible for the Paris terror attacks, to flourish.

Kerry and the other world leaders in Vienna agreed on a timeline for a political transition in Syria that is aimed at ending the country's civil war. However, key details, including the status of Syrian President Bashar Assad and a determination of which opposition groups are terrorists, remain unresolved.

“We do not agree on all of the issues,” Kerry said. “But we do agree on this: It’s time for the bleeding to stop. … It’s time not to allow terrorists a single kilometer.”

The United States has tried for years to end the Assad regime, which has been accused of using chemical weapons on civilians and other crimes against humanity, while Russia has support Assad. Moscow in recent weeks has openly launched air strikes against government-opposition forces in Syria.

Kerry announced agreement on a Jan. 1 date for the start of talks between Assad's government and the opposition. The U.N. special envoy for Syria, Staffan de Mistura, is to begin immediate work on determining who should sit at the table.

Within six months, the negotiations between the Syrian sides are to establish ""credible, inclusive and nonsectarian"" transitional government that would set a schedule for drafting a new constitution, according to a joint statement released by the United Nations on behalf of the 19 parties to the talks.

A free and fair U.N.-supervised election would then be held within 18 months, according to the statement.

The diplomats agreed on a means to enforce a cease-fire but failed to agree on which groups other than the Islamic State and al Qaeda affiliates would not be eligible for the truce. Under those terms, the sponsors of each group covered by the cease-fire would be responsible for making sure that group upholds it.

Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said Jordan would oversee a process that would identify which groups should be considered for identification as terrorists. That process is to be completed by the time the political process between the government and opposition begins in January.

Kerry acknowledged that participants also failed to agree on Assad's role in the transition or his potential future role in the country's government. The United States and its allies have said the war cannot end while Assad is in power but Russia and Iran have insisted that Syrians must decide their own leadership.

The participants also agreed to meet before the end of the year in Paris to go over progress made toward the cease-fire and the selection of delegations for the political talks.

Saturday's meeting was overshadowed by the terrorist shootings and bombings in Paris that killed more than 120 people, and Syria as a breeding ground for terrorism moved to the foreground of the talks as participants linked the shooting and bombing attacks in Paris to Mideast turmoil and the opportunities it gives for terror.

Kerry and Lavrov both condemned the attacks as they began meetings with senior representatives from Iran, Saudi Arabia and other countries with strongly conflicting views on how to end the more than four-year war.

Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon urged ministers ""to move beyond their differences on Syria"" and work on a negotiated end to the war.

More than 250,000 people have been killed in the Syrian war. Eleven million have been uprooted from their homes. The conflict has allowed Islamic State militants to carve out significant parts of Syria and Iraq for their would-be caliphate. Europe and Syria's neighbors, meanwhile, are struggling to cope with the worst migrant crisis since World War II.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
2662,Are private unions cooling toward Democrats?,"President Obama has long been a friend of organized labor, wholeheartedly supported by unions that helped boost him to victory in both his presidential campaigns.But increasingly, there now is a divide between unions in the public and private sector when it comes to supporting him.

According to James Sherk, a labor policy analyst with the Heritage Foundation, government employee unions want ""bigger and more expensive government,"" in contrast to private sector unions.

Sherk added those private groups are ""pushing back"" and speaking out more publicly about things like the Keystone XL Pipeline, which they believe will benefit their members. That has put them on a collision course with Obama, who last summer proclaimed, ""We should do everything we can to strengthen unions in this country.""

""The president's insistence on vetoing this pipeline is directly taking away income from these union members, and they, understandably, don't like it,"" Sherk said.

Congress has passed a measure to expedite the Keystone project, although Obama has vowed to veto it. Just days ago, Sean McGarvey, president of North America's Building Trades Unions, made a direct appeal.

""We urge the president of the United States to put our men and women back to work across the length of this pipeline as soon as possible,"" McGarvey said, adding, ""We urge the president to sign the bill.""

Union leaders also have a long-standing beef with the administration over the Affordable Care Act's enormous tax on so-called Cadillac health insurance plans.The plans offer high dollar benefits and are used as a recruiting tool.

Although the tax doesn't kick in for several more years, as far back as 2013 union leaders were making public pleas to Democratic lawmakers. In a letter written in July of that year, union officials, including James Hoffa, president of the International Brotherhood of Teamsters, urged congressional Democrats to drop the tax saying, ""We voted for you.We have a problem; you need to fix it.""

Analysts say the issue may present an opportunity for GOP leaders to build some good will with unions. Just days ago, Rep. Frank Guinta, R-N.H., introduced a measure he's calling ""Ax the Tax.""A similar measure didn't get far in the Senate last year, but may have a better chance with the GOP now in control of both the House and Senate.",1
2607,Obama Chief Of Staff: Israel's 50-Year 'Occupation' Must End,"Through his chief of staff, President Obama is strongly countering rhetoric from Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on a two-state, Israeli-Palestinian solution.

""An occupation that has lasted for almost 50 years must end, and the Palestinian people must have the right to live in and govern themselves in their own sovereign state,"" Denis McDonough, President Obama's chief of staff, said Monday at the annual conference of J Street, a left-leaning pro-Israel group.

He added, ""President Obama still firmly believes what he said in Jerusalem two years ago — that peace is necessary, just and possible. Peace is necessary because it is the only way to ensure that a secure state of Israel is both Jewish and democratic. Israel cannot maintain military control of another people indefinitely. That's the truth.""

It's not the first time the word ""occupation"" has been used by an Obama official. In fact, in 2013, President Obama used it himself.

""The Palestinian people deserve an end to occupation and the daily indignities that come with it,"" Obama said in Ramallah during a joint appearance with Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas.

McDonough's remarks continued the White House's pushback against Netanyahu's comments before his re-election that a two-state solution was off the table. Netanyahu has since walked back the remarks.

""Over the course of President Obama's administration,"" McDonough said, ""most recently with the tireless efforts of Secretary Kerry, the United States has expended tremendous energy in pursuit of this goal. That is why the prime minister's comments on the eve of the election — in which he first intimated and then made very clear in response to a follow-up question that a Palestinian state will not be established while he is prime minister — were so troubling.""

McDonough said the Obama administration will continue to oppose Israeli settlement expansion because ""it undermines the prospects for peace.""

He also made the case for what he called a ""realistic and achievable"" Iranian nuclear deal with Iran in some of the most frank comments on the subject by an Obama administration official.

""A scenario where Iran forgoes domestic enrichment capacity for all time would surely be ideal, but it's not grounded in reality. Not even our closest partners support denying Iran the ability to pursue peaceful nuclear energy forever, and Iran already knows how to enrich uranium. We can't turn back the clock on that. An absolutist position makes for good rhetoric, but as Ambassador Rice said, 'sound bites won't stop Iran from getting a nuclear weapon.'

""The bottom line is this — compared to the alternatives, diplomacy offers the best and most effective way to prevent Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon, and this is our best shot at diplomacy.""

It's all part of a White House push to keep the possibility of a nuclear deal alive and not have it tabled by Congress.",1
4329,Biden probably won’t beat Clinton. He should run anyway.,"Joe Biden, in the (still unlikely) event he runs for president, probably won’t beat Hillary Clinton. He’s been a lackluster presidential candidate in the past, and there’s no clear path for him to win the Democratic nomination this time.

He should do it anyway.

The rationale — floated to me by a Biden lieutenant — is that the vice president could serve as a stalking horse. His entry would shake up the race and thereby lower the barriers for other, potentially better-positioned, candidates to join the fray.

This could turn the Democratic contest into a free-wheeling affair, and for the party there would be only upside: Either the more fragmented Democratic field would produce a better candidate than Clinton, or, more likely, it would sharpen Clinton on her way to the nomination.

The term “stalking horse” dates back some 500 years, to a time when hunters hid behind equines to sneak up on their prey. In politics, the term refers to a candidate who diverts attention from another and thus benefits a third. To switch metaphors, Biden jumping into the race could convince other aspirants that the water’s fine — and reduce their fears that taking the plunge would end their careers.

A Biden-scrambled race for the nomination could make a run more attractive to a dozen or more Democrats, most of whom have said they’re not running and some of whom have already endorsed Clinton. All are unlikely. Most would fail, and badly. But a Biden run should, at minimum, alter their calculations.

Previous nominees Al Gore or John Kerry could jump in, validating Mo Udall’s theory that presidential ambition can only be cured by embalming fluid. Mike Bloomberg could rejoin the party and put his billions to work in a shortened primary season. Populists such as Sen. Elizabeth Warren (Mass.) or, failing that, Sen. Sherrod Brown (Ohio) or Mayor Bill de Blasio of New York could reconsider.

Young candidates such as Housing and Urban Development Secretary Julian Castro or Sen. Cory Booker (N.J.) could bring racial and ethnic diversity to the race, as could former Massachusetts governor Deval Patrick. Those excited about Clinton’s history-making potential as a woman could get behind Sens. Amy Klobuchar (Minn.) or Kirsten Gillibrand (N.Y.).

Among governors, there’s John Hickenlooper of Colorado and New York’s Andrew Cuomo (who has a famous name if not much of a record), a pair of former Virginia governors, Sens. Tim Kaine and Mark Warner, and outspoken former Montana governor Brian Schweitzer.

It’s late in the cycle for new entrants, but not too late: A CBS News analysis finds that of the nearly 770 top Obama fundraisers from 2012, as few as 51 have committed to bundling big money for Clinton. Because Clinton has largely plugged in Obama’s campaign operation, plenty of Democratic operatives are available. And new candidates would be arriving just in time for the debate season, beginning Oct. 13 in Nevada and followed by others in November, December and January, with two more in either February or March.

Not least, there’s a clamor for Clinton alternatives from the political press corps, which has a long history of antagonism toward her. There’s also eagerness for alternatives among the Democratic faithful, demonstrated by the large crowds and enthusiasm for Bernie Sanders, even though he’s a professorial socialist who is about to turn 74.

Democrats are reasonably content with Clinton: In the latest Post/ABC News poll, 72 percent of Democratic-leaning voters said they were satisfied with their choice of candidates, and 24 percent very satisfied. But they could be more so: At this time in 2007, 83 percent of Democratic-leaning voters were satisfied, and 33 percent very satisfied.

Satisfaction could diminish as Clinton’s e-mail-server troubles continue. She’s scheduled to testify Oct. 22 before the House’s Benghazi committee, which has generated much of the e-mail-server controversy. The State Department is expected to continue dribbling out Clinton’s old e-mails the rest of this year as they are cleared for public consumption. And many of her e-mails are facing reviews to see whether they contained classified information. Clinton originally said that she did not use her private e-mail account to exchange classified information, but she has since retreated to saying that none of her e-mails had been marked as classified.

Even if she did nothing illegal, the potential for more damage to Clinton remains high. But there is one thing that can shift attention from the e-mail saga, inject energy into the Democratic side of the presidential race and strengthen Clinton or the eventual nominee: A stalking horse, of course.

Read more from Dana Milbank’s archive, follow him on Twitter or subscribe to his updates on Facebook.",1
4172,How Hillary Clinton Locked Up The Democratic Nomination In 10 Steps,"How Hillary Clinton Locked Up The Democratic Nomination In 10 Steps

The primary season isn't quite wrapped yet (six states hold Democratic contests Tuesday), but Hillary Clinton has now secured the number of delegates needed (2,383) to become the Democratic Party's presumptive nominee.

Speaking Monday night, Clinton said, ""according to the news, we are on the brink of a historic, historic, unprecedented moment. But we still have work to do, don't we?""

It wasn't easy for Clinton to emerge from this campaign season victorious — she got there by applying lessons from her failed 2008 bid and forming strong alliances with Democrats, President Obama and voters of color. And by surviving an epic 11-hour congressional hearing.

Here's a look back at the Democratic primary and 10 steps Clinton took to climb to the nomination:

On June 7, 2008, four days after the final votes were cast in the lengthy and contentious Democratic primary, Hillary Clinton gave quite possibly the best political speech of her career. She was bowing out of the race, conceding what news organizations had already called. Barack Obama had won more pledged delegates and had more so-called superdelegates lined up behind him. He was going to be the party's nominee.

Depending on how you counted, Clinton had won the popular vote and could have taken the fight all the way to the convention. But instead, she brought her supporters together at the Building Museum in Washington, D.C., to mourn what could have been and look ahead. Gone (at least visibly) was the bitterness of the campaign, replaced with a message about all they had accomplished.

""Although we weren't able to shatter that highest, hardest glass ceiling this time, thanks to you it's got about 18 million cracks in it,"" Clinton said to the roaring crowd. ""And the light is shining through like never before, filling us all with the hope and the sure knowledge that the path will be a little easier next time.""

And seemingly, it has been a little easier for her this time. Clinton appears more comfortable nodding to her chance at making history than she was in 2008, usually with a joke about her hair or as a rebuttal to the idea that she's too establishment. Her supporters frequently talk about it, saying things like ""it's time."" In dozens of interviews with Clinton backers, excitement about having a woman make it to the White House is almost always preceded or followed by mention of Clinton as the ""most qualified"" or ""experienced"" candidate in the race. And whatever you do, don't suggest they're just voting for her because she's a woman.

So-called superdelegates are a pretty good stand-in for the Democratic Party establishment. They are elected officials and party leaders, and they overwhelmingly support Hillary Clinton. Back in November, when NPR first looked at the declared allegiances of these superdelegates, Clinton had a 45 to 1 advantage over her most serious opponent, Bernie Sanders.

Clinton had the endorsement of all but one Democratic woman in the Senate, and Sanders won the endorsement of only one of his Senate colleagues, Jeff Merkley. Endorsements don't necessarily sway voters, but they do indicate institutional support and in this case a coalescing behind a single candidate.

Clinton's shadow loomed large over the Democratic field — so large that many big names in the party didn't even think about running in 2016. Elizabeth Warren didn't run. Joe Biden stayed out (though the death of his son likely had more to do with that than concern about taking on Clinton). The nation's most popular sitting Democratic governors sat out, too (Maryland's recently former Gov. Martin O'Malley did run, but his campaign never took off). That meant Clinton's biggest competition was a 74-year-old independent senator from Vermont who described himself as a Democratic socialist.

The Democratic National Committee and its chairwoman, Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz, have never admitted it, but many looked at the Democratic debate schedule and saw an advantage for Clinton. There were initially only a handful of debates scheduled, and the first one wasn't until October, meaning lesser-known candidates like O'Malley and Sanders weren't able to get a nationally televised audience for their message until a big part of the campaign (and even some voter registration deadlines) had passed.

Sanders was able to draw huge crowds, raise massive sums of money and win an impressive number of states. But the Democratic Party establishment never wavered in its support of Clinton.

There was no love lost between Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama during the primary in 2008. But when it was over, Clinton endorsed her opponent and even called for the end of the roll call vote at the convention, moving that Obama win the nomination by acclamation. She worked hard to make sure that her supporters, even those known as PUMAs (""party unity my a**""), came around to supporting Obama.

She and her husband, Bill, campaigned tirelessly for Obama through the fall. And then, when Obama asked, she agreed to join the Obama administration as secretary of state. She then worked tirelessly in that position, traveling to more than 100 countries promoting Obama's agenda.

Why does this matter? Because her loyalty didn't go unnoticed by voters who supported and continue to support Obama.

""She was a fighter, but she knew when to let go,"" said Paulette Roca, who saw Clinton speak at the National Action Network convention, organized by civil rights activist Al Sharpton. ""And now? She's going to be OK now. She has respect. When black women respect you, you've got respect"" (see No. 4 for more on this).

In the primary, Clinton was able to ride Obama's coattails, while at times (Wall Street regulation, campaign cash) using him as a human shield against attacks from Sanders.

Black women love Hillary Clinton. At least that's what exit polls from state after state will tell you. In Alabama, 93 percent of black women voted for her. In Virginia, it was 85 percent. And this is no small thing because in 2008 and 2012, African-American women were the most reliable Democratic voters. This support was a critical part of Clinton's firewall against Sanders in the early voting states of Nevada and South Carolina, and made a big difference for her in the March 1 Super Tuesday states and beyond.

How did Clinton earn such overwhelming support? Years and years of relationships. One of Clinton's first jobs was working with Marian Wright Edelman at the Children's Defense Fund. And in more recent years, she has quietly reached out to the mothers of young African-Americans killed in gun violence or encounters with police.

""When you're openly grieving and the secretary of state steps to you, you'd better endorse her, because she's already endorsed you,"" said Geneva Reed-Veal, the mother of Sandra Bland, a woman who died in her jail cell last year. Reed-Veal and other ""mothers of the movement"" were campaigning for Clinton.

Clinton had no surrogates more powerful than those mothers.

In 2008, Clinton was the candidate with town halls that were too big, infighting advisers, and an operation that didn't get into the nitty-gritty details of delegates and missed the political phenomenon about to overtake her. In 2016, Clinton's campaign purposely kept the events small and emphasized listening. She hired a no-drama campaign manager and brought on Obama's polling and delegate gurus. The campaign's mantra has been, ""We're working for every vote and taking nothing for granted."" Even if no one believed them at first, the 2016 Clinton campaign has always operated like it was expecting a tough primary (it got one from Sanders) and a challenging general election fight, too.

Compared with Sanders' big rallies, her small town halls and coffee chats have seemed puny and low on energy. But for those who attend, there's a real connection.

""I think she works the room like this like nobody can,"" said Adrienne Press, a supporter who attended a small Clinton rally in Manhattan. Afterward, Clinton worked the rope line for a long time, shaking hands and taking selfies. ""You see the real Hillary in this situation, and that fires people up. It fires me up.""

The campaign has played to Clinton's strengths (her wonk flag flies at town hall-style events) and emphasized winning the most delegates possible in every contest, helping her build up a massive lead Sanders was never able to substantially dent.

Clinton and her team knew from the start that economic populism was running strong through the Democratic electorate. In the very first remarks of her campaign, Clinton called for a constitutional amendment to reverse the Supreme Court's Citizens United decision on campaign finance, and she decried the growing separation between the wealthiest Americans and everyone else.

""I think it's fair to say that as you look across the country, the deck is still stacked in favor of those already at the top,"" Clinton said at a campaign stop in Iowa. ""And there's something wrong with that.""

This didn't stop Sanders from getting into the race a month later. Now, more than a year later, she is pitching herself to Sanders supporters, saying their differences really aren't all that great.

Clinton has a mountain of policy papers and more on the way. They cover everything from opioid addiction and mass incarceration to paid family leave and Alzheimer's. If there's an issue Clinton has heard about on the campaign trail, she likely has a plan to address it.

It's something she says people mock her for (though it's not clear who).

""Some people have commented like, 'Enough with the plans, Hillary. We don't want to hear anymore plans,' "" she said with a smile at a rally in April.

But she argued that the plans were a critical part of her campaign, of letting voters know what they are signing up for.

""It is easy to diagnose the problems facing America,"" she said to cheers. ""We need solutions that we work together to achieve.""

This praise of plans may not sound all that inspiring, but spend a little time talking to Clinton supporters, and it seems like each one cites a different plan as something that really hits home for them and motivated them to volunteer for the campaign. All those plans also allowed Clinton to deliver her message to people in places where they wouldn't necessarily find politics, like a Facebook group for families of children with autism.

Sanders had been gaining steam throughout the summer, but the campaign hit a wall in October 2015. That's when Clinton turned in a strong debate performance and then a week later made it through an epic 11-hour hearing of the House special committee investigating the attack in Benghazi that killed four Americans including the ambassador to Libya. The Benghazi attack was one of the darkest moments of Clinton's time as secretary of state and has been a weight on her ever since, through multiple congressional investigations and a raft of conspiracy theories about what really happened.

The hearing also focused on Clinton's exclusive use of a private email server for official business while she was secretary of state. When the hearing was over, the reviews were nearly unanimous: Clinton had performed well under pressure, and the committee's Republicans failed to find any smoking guns. The committee has still not released its investigative report and has largely been quiet since the hearing.

It was perhaps Sanders' most memorable line of the entire campaign. It came in the first Democratic debate of 2015, and it largely neutralized one of Clinton's largest liabilities, at least for the primary.

""The American people are sick and tired of hearing about your damn emails,"" Sanders said to applause.

Clinton responded saying: ""Thank you. Me too, me too."" She let out a big laugh.

Sanders' larger point that the emails were a distraction from the important issues facing Americans was lost. He had just seemingly let her off the hook.

Now, the email issue is far from over. The inspector general for the State Department recently released a highly critical report saying Clinton hadn't followed department protocol and that she and her team didn't cooperate with his investigation. And the FBI has an ongoing investigation into her use of a private server for official business.

But, thanks in part to Sanders, Clinton's email problem was more of a nuisance than a deal breaker in the Democratic primary.

There were the photo lines with volunteers before and after public events, the calls to superdelegates, the trips to states she had no chance of winning, with the hope of narrowing the margin and securing a few more delegates. That's what Clinton did.

Her campaign's volunteers and staff held house parties, they knocked on doors in snowstorms (people are extra friendly then) and spent hours making phone calls.

Organizing isn't glamorous. It's the grunt work of campaigning. But her campaign credits that hard work with her narrowest-of-margins win in the Iowa caucuses. The demographics of the state favored Sanders, but she was able to pull out a win. Barely.

In short, Hillary Clinton and her campaign never took it easy.",1
1899,Carly Fiorina says ‘higher than 90 percent’ chance she’ll run for GOP presidential nomination,"Carly Fiorina, a former Hewlett-Packard chief executive, said her chances of running for the Republican presidential nomination in 2016 are “very high.”

Speaking on “Fox News Sunday,” the 2010 Senate candidate said she is “higher than 90 percent” likely to enter the race, with an announcement coming in late April or early May.

Fiorina said she could appeal to voters with a “deep understanding of how the economy actually works, having started as a secretary and become the chief executive of the largest technology company in the world.”

She added that she has relationships with “many of the world leaders on the stage today” and that she understands executive decision-making, as well as how to change large bureaucracies for the better.

Discussing the economy, Fiorina said the government has “tangled people up from a web of dependence from which they can’t escape.” She also said the government is “crushing small businesses now.”

In a nod to the populist, anti-Wall Street themes of Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.), Fiorina said big banks are thriving while community banks go out of business.

“If we want mainstream and the middle class going and growing again, we’ve got to get small and family-owned businesses going and growing again,” she said.

Correction: An earlier version of this article incorrectly stated that Fiorina was a 2010 California gubernatorial candidate. She actually ran as a U.S. Senate candidate that year. The article has been corrected.",1
2247,Gay Marriage Fight in Kentucky Likely Not the Last Battleground,"In Texas, Alabama and elsewhere a number of clerks and judges who stated their opposition to gay marriage have thrown up roadblocks to the unions, extending the fight over same-sex weddings two months after the U.S. Supreme Court legalized gay marriage.

Galvanizing opponents of gay marriage, Kim Davis, a county clerk in rural Kentucky, this week was jailed for her refusal to issue marriage licenses on the basis that same-sex unions conflict with her Christian beliefs.

Others with the power to issue marriage licenses say they would be willing to follow suit, including Alabama Probate Judge Nick Williams.

""Absolutely, I feel the same way. This is a cause worth standing up for,"" said Williams, who ordered his deputies in Washington County not to issue any licenses at all since the court's June decision.

The fight has made Davis a martyr-like figure for religious conservatives who argue she is being jailed for her religious beliefs, a view espoused by several Republican presidential candidates.

But for legal experts and gay marriage advocates, the issue is clear. Gay marriage is the law of the land and public servants are bound to uphold the decision of the justices.

""In this big country, it's not surprising that there have been a handful of isolated instances of acting out and foot-dragging,"" said Evan Wolfson, founder and president of Freedom to Marry, a same-sex marriage advocate.

The American Civil Liberties Union, which filed suit against Davis, said it knows of only two counties in Texas that have not confirmed whether they will issue same-sex marriage licenses.

""We are not going to discuss marriage policy over the phone. If a couple comes in to apply, we will discuss it at that time,"" said Molly Criner, a clerk in Irion County, which has about 1,600 people located 200 miles (320 km) northwest of Austin.

Criner is one of several public officials with the power to issue marriage licenses who stands against gay marriage for religious grounds, and has yet to face a challenge.

In Irion County, no same-sex couples have applied and no same-sex licenses have been issued.

""To keep my oath to uphold the Constitution, I must reject this ruling that I believe is lawless,"" she was quoted as saying by Liberty Counsel, a Florida-based Christian religious advocacy organization that said it would back her legally.

The group, which also supports Davis, said it represents other county clerks who have yet to face challenges. It is not naming them.

""We have been contacted by other clerks in Kentucky. We've been contacted by other clerks in other parts of the country,"" said Liberty Counsel founder Mathew Staver, the attorney for Kim Davis.

The fight has not been isolated to socially conservative southern states, all of which had bans on same-sex marriage.

In left-leaning Oregon, Marion County Circuit Court Judge Vance Day is facing an ethics review over his refusal to perform same-sex marriages. On Thursday, the Oregon Government Ethics Commission approved Day's request to set up a Legal Expense Trust Fund to raise money for his defense.

""I'm the elected probate judge and that's my decision. Thank you,"" said Alabama's Geneva County Probate Judge Fred Hamic, before hanging up his phone.

That interpretation in Alabama largely took hold after U.S. District Judge Callie Granade, of the southern district of Alabama, overturned the state's ban on same-sex marriage in January.

The Association of County Commissions of Alabama in Montgomery said that up to 12 counties are not issuing any marriage licenses.

That includes Washington County, where Williams, the probate judge, said he spoke with Davis for 10 minutes the day before she was ordered into custody.

""I asked her if she was prepared for whichever the way the judge ruled and she said yes. She was very much at peace,"" said Williams.

The fight could also return to Kentucky. Casey Davis, who is no relation to Kim Davis, serves as the clerk for Casey County, which is not issuing any marriage licenses. Attempts to reach Casey Davis were unsuccessful.

Whitley County, Kentucky Clerk Kay Schwartz did not respond to repeated calls and on Friday was on vacation. Her office previously said they were issuing traditional marriage licenses for men and women, but no one had asked for a same-sex license.

In the end, all counties will be issuing the licenses because it is the law of the land, said Wolfson of Freedom to Marry.

""And this sideshow will soon be over,"" he said.",1
1029,"After stumbles, Trump seeks to avert damaging loss in Wisconsin","As he tries to recover from a series of stumbles ahead of an important primary contest next week in Wisconsin, Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump made a surprise appearance in Washington on Thursday and presented himself as the presumptive leader of his party.

He met with his foreign policy advisers, huddled with Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus and predicted that he would bring harmony to the fractured GOP.

“Looking forward to bringing the Party together — and it will happen!” Trump wrote on Twitter shortly after his RNC meeting.

When asked about the meeting during an interview with Fox News, Trump called the party officials “very good people.” Two days earlier, Trump had backed away from an earlier party loyalty pledge and complained about being treated “very badly” by the GOP.

He called Thursday’s session a “terrific meeting” and a “unity meeting,” according to a transcript of the interview.

Trump’s Washington visit came as his efforts to secure the nomination have encountered growing turbulence and the GOP remains in disarray.

Anti-Trump forces in the party are frantically maneuvering to defeat the New York billionaire in Tuesday’s Wisconsin primary, which is shaping up as a crucial moment in the battle for the GOP nomination.

A Trump loss to rival Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas would increase the likelihood of a contested convention in July, which Trump critics hope could ultimately deny him the nomination.

If he loses Wisconsin, “he would have to completely run the table [in the remaining contests], and I don’t think that’s going to happen,” said Katie Packer, director of Our Principles PAC, an anti-Trump group. She was referring to what would be necessary to get the 1,237 delegates needed to win the nomination on the first ballot.

Until recent days, Trump appeared to be gaining strength against his GOP opponents, amassing delegates, rising in the polls and continuing to draw large crowds to his rallies. But new controversies — including a battery charge against his campaign manager for roughing up a reporter and Trump’s statement this week that women who receive illegal abortions should be punished — threatened to thwart his momentum.

The party also appeared to be fraying beyond repair, with Trump, Cruz and the third remaining presidential candidate, Gov. John Kasich of Ohio, all backing away this week from their pledges to support the eventual GOP nominee.

A Wisconsin poll released on Wednesday suggested trouble was brewing in that state for Trump.

The survey, by Marquette Law School, said that Cruz had surged to 40 percent support among likely voters, up 21 points since February — enough to give him a 10-point lead over Trump.

Wisconsin should be favorable terrain for Trump. The state is home to a large contingent of Republican voters without college degrees, a demographic that has backed him.

Forty-two delegates are at stake in Tuesday’s primary, allocated in a hybrid system based on victories in congressional districts and the statewide vote.

Much of Wisconsin’s Republican establishment, led by Gov. Scott Walker, a onetime presidential candidate, has rallied around Cruz as the best hope of defeating Trump.

In an interview Thursday, Walker pointed to the support Cruz has been receiving from the state’s popular conservative radio talk show hosts as a key factor in giving the Texas senator the ability to compete against Trump.

Walker said Cruz is the only candidate who can clear the primary and also win the general election.

“Arguably, there are two candidates who can mathematically win the nomination,” he said. “There are two candidates who have a shot at beating Hillary Clinton. Ted Cruz is the only one in both categories.”

The impact of the radio hosts came into clear view during a sweep of Trump interviews earlier this week. Trump struggled in responding to avowed anti-Trump radio host Charlie Sykes, who has enormous influence among conservatives in the state. Sykes hammered the candidate on the tone of the campaign, homing in on Trump’s recent feud with Cruz, during which Trump ignited accusations of misogyny after he reposted an unflattering image of Cruz’s wife, Heidi.

“I expect that from a 12-year-old bully on the playground, not somebody who wants the office held by Abraham Lincoln,” Sykes said.

In his appearances this week in Wisconsin, Trump irritated some conservatives by seeming to mock two of the state’s favorite sons, Walker and House Speaker Paul D. Ryan. His harshest comments came during an appearance in Janesville, Ryan’s hometown.

Trump dismissed Walker’s support for Cruz and poked fun at the governor’s obsession with Harley-Davidson motorcycles.

“The motorcycle guys like Trump,” Trump said. “And he doesn’t look like a motorcycle guy to me, I’m sorry.”

When Trump asked attendees how they liked Ryan, “your new speaker,” the crowd responded with boos and jeers.

A loss in Wisconsin would not necessarily affect the outcomes of future states. The next big contest is Trump’s home state of New York, where he is favored to win. A string of primaries in East Coast states in April could pad his delegate lead. The next Midwest contest, in Indiana, is not until May 3.

Still, Trump made clear during his Janesville rally this week that he does not intend to lose.

“I’m not going to let anything happen in Wisconsin,” he said. “We have to win. Look, we have to put these politicians in their place, folks.”

Dan Balz, Scott Clement and Dave Weigel contributed to this report.",1
2030,Bush and Romney: Ready to rumble?,A verdict in 2017 could have sweeping consequences for tech startups.,1
2207,Liberals poised to give Obama a win on Iran,"The election in 232 photos, 43 numbers and 131 quotes, from the two candidates at the center of it all.",1
202,"Veto, filibuster threats ahead of vote next week to fund Homeland Security, roll back executive actions","The GOP-led Senate is expected to vote next week on legislation that keeps the Department of Homeland Security fully operational through February, but parts of the bill that attempt to reverse President Obama’s immigration policy set up a major showdown with Democrats.

The expected political battle started before Republicans took control of the upper chamber, when the parties agreed on a temporary spending bill that essentially funded the entire federal government through the fiscal year, with the exception of the homeland security department.

It was a defiant move by the GOP-led House, in response to Obama’s recent executive actions on illegal immigration, which Democrats accepted as part of the larger budget deal and that also included significant compromises on both sides.

The House has already passed the bill, which will keep the department fully operational past Feb. 27.

But passage in the Senate will be more difficult, with Democrats vowing strong opposition and Republicans unlikely to not get the 60 votes needed to overcome the Democrats’ filibuster.

Obama and fellow party members also have urged Republicans to pass a funding bill for the agency “clean” of any language attempting to roll back the executive actions. And the president has also threatened to veto such legislation.

Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has indicated the first vote on the House bill will be Tuesday. But whether the Kentucky Republican allows amendments, like he did with the Keystone XL Pipeline legislation, remains unclear.

‘It’s a debate that will challenge our colleagues on the other side with a simple proposition: Do they think presidents of either party should have the power to simply ignore laws that they don’t like?” McConnell, R-Ky., said on the Senate floor.

“Will our Democratic colleagues work with us to defend key democratic ideals like separation of powers and the rule of law? … The House bill does two things -- funds the Department of Homeland Security and reigns in executive overreach. That’s it. It’s that simple.”

The House-passed bill provides $39.7 billion to finance the department through the rest of the budget year for counterterrorism, cybersecurity and other priorities at a time when attacks in Paris and elsewhere are fresh in the public's mind. Unaffected by the measure is additional money the agency receives from fees.

As passed in the House, the legislation would also reverse Obama's decision last fall to provide temporary deportation relief and work permits to an estimated 4 million immigrants in the country illegally, mostly people who have children who are citizens or legal permanent residents.

The bill also would eliminate a 2012 directive that has granted work permits and stays of deportation to more than 600,000 immigrants who arrived illegally in the U.S. under the age of 16.

The Congressional Budget Office estimates that the measure would increase the federal deficit by $7.5 billion over a decade.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
2504,"Along the migrant trail, pressure grows to close Europe’s open borders","With Slovenia behind them and Austria just ahead, the asylum seekers shoved at the metal barriers blocking their path and chanted a plea into the smoky night air: “We want to go!”

Nearly 1,000 people had been waiting all day for the border crossing to open, penned into a no-man’s land by twitchy troops armed with pistols and assault rifles who met requests for food or water with stern commands and glares icy enough to match the fast-falling temperature.

“We’ve already spent two nights outside,” said Galia Ali, pointing to her severely disabled 8-year-old son, who lay shivering on a blanket near a dwindling fire. “If we’re still here in the morning, he’ll be dead.”

[As human flood continues, Germany slaps controls on border with Austria]

Hours later, the barriers were lifted, and the migrants surged into Austria. But up and down the route being traveled by a historic number of migrants this year as they seek new lives in Europe, pressure is building to close the continent’s cherished open borders for good.

Hungary already has proved that it can largely insulate itself from the refugee crisis by deploying razor wire and threatening lengthy prison sentences for anyone who dares cross it. The country’s moves have shifted the burden of the refugee crisis to its neighbors — and are now tempting leaders in those nations to build their own fences.

The U.N. refugee agency said Monday that a record 218,394 people crossed the Mediterranean to reach European shores in October — about as many as the total from all of last year. As the numbers rise, officials in countries across central and southeastern Europe are eyeing one another nervously, fearing that a sudden closure of any one border could unleash a domino effect across the region that would leave tens of thousands of people stranded and angry, far from their intended destinations in the continent’s north.

The result would be chaos and violence, said Croatian Interior Minister Ranko Ostojic, who has coordinated his country’s response as more than 300,000 people have crossed through the small coastal nation since mid-September — including 8,400 on Sunday alone.

“You really think you can stop these people without shooting?” Ostojic said. “You’d have to build a wall around Europe if you really wanted to stop these kinds of flows.”

Rather than try to impede the movement of migrants, Croatia has sought to speed it up, arranging trains to ferry people from the Serbian border in the east to the Slovenian border in the west. But the country’s right-wing opposition, which is a slight favorite to win national elections Sunday, has proposed a different solution: a fence.

Slovenia has said it is considering a fence of its own. Foreign Minister Karl Erjavec described that action as “a last resort” but added that he is “very much concerned” that other countries will erect barriers, leaving his tiny Alpine nation shouldering an unsustainable burden. Even now, he said, Slovenia is struggling to cope.

“We cannot go on like this for a long time,” Erjavec said in an e-mailed response to questions. “We have received more than 100,000 migrants in just two weeks. This number represents 5% of our population. Our human, financial and material resources are limited.”

Farther up the trail, Austrian officials said last week that they are planning barriers to better regulate the movement of migrants coming across from Slovenia. They quickly clarified that they have no intention of closing the border. But they also have said they will not be able to leave it open if Germany — the next stop after Austria and for many asylum seekers the final destination — decides it can no longer handle an influx that brought more than a half-million asylum seekers to the country during the first nine months of the year. As her poll numbers fall, calls are growing for Chancellor Angela Merkel to do exactly that.

“Everyone is afraid of the moment when Germany decides it has had enough,” said Igor Tabak, a Croatian security analyst for the Web site Obris.org.

The closure of borders, Tabak said, would not only undermine the principle of free movement at the heart of Europe’s post-Cold War identity, but it also could be deeply destabilizing in the Balkans, where countries that were in conflict with one another less than a generation ago are being forced to cooperate on the biggest challenge to confront the European Union in decades.

Slovenia, Croatia and Serbia have spent weeks trading accusations of mishandling the crisis. Should a right-wing Croatian government opt to close the border with Serbia, Tabak said, the flow would probably shift to Bosnia, an ethnically divided nation that has struggled to hang together since its blood-soaked birth.

“If you have an influx of a large number of migrants into such a fragile system, it’s easy to imagine the local institutions crumbling in Bosnia,” Tabak said.

Ostojic, the Croatian interior minister, said coordination among the regional rivals has improved after an emergency meeting of Balkan nations in Brussels late last month. In recent days, trains have begun to speed migrants through the region as part of a trial program that is expected to be fully rolled out this week.

The system replaces one that officials acknowledge was woefully unsuited to the scale of the crisis. In the first two weeks after Hungary closed its border with Croatia, forcing migrants to reroute through Slovenia, thousands of people slept in the open each night as rain poured and temperatures plummeted.

Slovenia accused Croatia of sending migrants streaming across the border without warning. Croatia charged that Slovenia had failed to ready itself — a point that some Slovenian officials now concede.

“Nobody had foreseen what was going to happen. The country was not prepared,” said Ivan Molan, mayor of Brezice, a handsome Slovenian town of red-tiled roofs and quiet lanes that has borne the brunt of the crisis.

Molan said the new system of moving asylum seekers across borders by train could help to normalize life in a place where up to 10,000 people had been trekking each day through farmers’ fields and driving away the tourists who normally flock to Brezice for a dip at its thermal spas.

But he fears that the Austrians will close their border, trapping frustrated migrants in Slovenia. The country, like others in the Balkans, has no recent history of welcoming refugees from outside the region and has little to offer them. “If that happens, this part of Slovenia will descend into a real crisis,” Molan said.

At the other end of the country — a mere 75 miles to the north — refugees who were awaiting the chance to walk into Austria said they were desperate to leave a place that had brought them only grief.

“I didn’t even know Slovenia existed before I came here,” said Sozdar el-Hassan, a 24-year-old from Damascus who stood pressed against an iron barricade while clutching her 22-month-old daughter. “It’s the smallest country, but it gave us the most problems.”

On a journey that has become a race to beat both winter weather and the prospect of closed borders, Slovenia had badly stalled her family’s progress: They had crossed through five countries in four days, but Slovenia alone took another four.

One night, they slept outside in the mud, with no blankets. For two days, they were housed in a crowded and filthy tent, with heavily armed police barring the exits. Hassan said they were forbidden to leave the tent to visit family members or even to use the toilet.

“I asked one of the police, ‘Are we prisoners here?’ And he responded, ‘For this moment, you’re prisoners,’ ” said Hassan, a cheery and bright-eyed woman who said she learned English by watching Tom Hanks movies. “It was devastating.”

Hassan said she dreams of studying accounting in Germany after her education was cut short by the war in Syria. But as she stood in the cold and rain waiting for the border to be opened, her exhausted daughter screaming in her arms, she conceded that she would settle for falling a little bit short.

“At least I want to get to Austria,” she said. “I just don’t want to stay here.”

Karla Adam in London contributed to this report.

European railways become ground zero for the migrant crisis

Black route: One family’s journey from Aleppo to Austria

New U.N. report says world’s refugee crisis is worse than anyone expected

Read The Post’s coverage on the global surge in migration",1
3216,Republicans Reject Calls on Guantanamo Bay Closure,"Senate Republicans are rejecting renewed calls by Democrats and a retired Supreme Court justice to expedite closing Guantanamo Bay, saying they fear released detainees could pose a security threat.",1
4201,GOP elites are now resigned to Donald Trump as their nominee,"Throughout the Republican Party, from New Hampshire to Florida to California, many leaders, operatives, donors and activists arrived this week at the conclusion they had been hoping to thwart or at least delay: Donald Trump will be their presidential nominee.

An aura of inevitability is now forming around the controversial mogul. Trump smothered his opponents in six straight primaries in the Northeast and vacuumed up more delegates than even the most generous predictions foresaw. He is gaining high-profile ­endorsements by the day — a legendary Indiana basketball coach Wednesday, two House committee chairmen Thursday. And his ­rivals, Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas and Ohio Gov. John Kasich, are making the kind of rushed tactical moves that signal desperation.

The party is at a turning point. Republican stalwarts opposed to Trump remain fearful of the damage the unconventional and unruly billionaire might inflict on the party’s down-ballot candidates in November. But many also now see him as the all-but-certain nominee and are exhausted by the prospect of a contested July convention, according to interviews this week with more than a dozen party figures from coast to coast.

“People are realizing that he’s the likely nominee,” said Tim Pawlenty, a former Minnesota governor and onetime endorser of Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida. “The hysteria has died down, and the range of emotion is from resignation to enthusiasm.”

In Colorado — where Cruz outfoxed Trump in a series of clamorous meetings earlier this month to win all of the state’s 34 available delegates — former state party chairman Dick Wadhams said, “Fatigue is probably the perfect description of what people are feeling.”

He continued: “There is an acceptance, a resignation or whatever, that Trump is going to be the nominee. More and more people hope he wins that nomination on the first ballot because they do not want to see a convention that explodes into total chaos. People just want this to be over with — and we need a nominee.”

[Trump rolls to crushing victories in five East Coast primaries]

With likely Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton pivoting to a general election and her well-funded allies readying for a full-out assault, Republicans are eager to unite quickly. Some are fearful that waiting until the convention in Cleveland to pick a nominee would put the party at a disadvantage in raising money and engaging the Democrats.

“The lion’s share of Republicans want the process settled,” said Mike Dennehy, a veteran New ­Hampshire-based party strategist. “There’s anxiety setting in about the process, and that’s what people are tired of. They just want it done, they want the fighting to stop, and they want a general-election campaign to begin in a meaningful way.”

So does Trump. Celebrating his sweep in Tuesday’s primaries, he declared himself the “presumptive nominee.” At a rally the next day in Indianapolis, he proclaimed, “We’re just about ready to put it away, folks.”

Cruz is pushing back on the idea that Trump is nearing a lock on the nomination. He took the unusual step Wednesday of choosing a running mate, businesswoman Carly Fiorina. The new ticket, as well as independent groups opposed to Trump, see Indiana’s primary on Tuesday as their best — and perhaps last — chance to derail the front-runner and deny him the nomination.

Opposition to Trump still runs strong in parts of the GOP establishment. Former Florida governor Jeb Bush, a vocal Trump critic and former presidential candidate, praised Cruz’s pick of Fiorina in a CNN interview that aired Thursday — in part because he said “she takes on Trump really well.”

Speaking to reporters Thursday in Fort Wayne, Ind., Cruz predicted that Trump will not win the majority of delegates — 1,237 — and blamed the mainstream media for bestowing what the senator considers a false sense of inevitability on Trump’s campaign.

“Donald, sadly aided and abetted by media network executives who are all liberal Democrats, who are all rooting for Hillary, are quick to say that the race is over,” Cruz said.

[Indiana looms large for Cruz, while options to stop Trump dwindle]

The race is not over, but both Cruz and Ohio Gov. John Kasich are already mathematically eliminated from clinching the nomination on a first ballot and would need a convention floor fight to win. Trump has won 992 of the required 1,237 delegates so far, according to the Associated Press. Cruz has 562, and Kasich has 153. If he falls short, Trump could persuade unbound delegates to lift him over the threshold on the first ballot at the convention.

“Trump has become a fact rather than a problem,” said Newt Gingrich, a former House speaker who has offered informal advice to Trump but has not endorsed him. “Show me mathematically how you’re going to stop him. This all assumes, by the way, that the guy who wrote ‘The Art of the Deal’ can’t figure out a way to make a deal with the undecided delegates.”

Republican consultants across the country are singing the same tune. Reed Galen in Southern California said: “Is it a done deal? It’s certainly looking that way.” In Georgia, Tom Perdue said, “If you go to barbershops in Atlanta, you’ll hear people say they never thought he’d end up being the nominee, but for the most part people think he will be the nominee.”

On Thursday, Trump’s top campaign adviser, Paul Manafort, was on Capitol Hill to meet with lawmakers and press his case that Trump is becoming the de facto GOP standard-bearer.

Two prominent GOP establishment congressmen — Bill Shuster of Pennsylvania, who chairs the House Transportation Committee, and Jeff Miller of Florida, who chairs the House Veterans’ Affairs Committee — endorsed Trump on Thursday.

“It’s time for our party to unite behind Donald Trump and focus our time and energy on defeating Hillary Clinton,” Shuster said in a statement.

[At RNC meeting, some elites aren’t quite convinced by Trump charm offensive]

That echoes what Florida Gov. Rick Scott said Wednesday in a Facebook posting calling for an end to the “Never Trump” movement among conservatives: “Donald Trump is going to be our nominee, and he is going to be on the ballot as the Republican candidate for President. The Republican leaders in Washington did not choose him, but the Republican voters across America did choose him. The voters have spoken.”

Brian Ballard, a Florida-based lobbyist whose clients have included Trump’s real estate company and who also was a top fundraiser for the Bush and Rubio campaigns, said many donors in his state are ready to give to Trump and the Republican National Committee for the general election.

“I think he has earned the nomination, as far as I’m concerned,” he said of Trump. “The folks that I talk to are moving towards him rapidly, though there’s going to be holdouts till the very end who are bitter about what happened.”

At last week’s RNC meeting in Hollywood, Fla., many party officials seemed resigned, if not thrilled, with the idea of Trump as the GOP candidate.

“More and more Republicans are believing that Trump is the inevitable nominee,” said Ron Kaufman, an RNC member from Massachusetts who is close to 2012 nominee Mitt Romney and former president George H.W. Bush. “They’re accepting the fact that he’s the nominee and looking forward to moving on.”

Sean Sullivan in Fort Wayne, Ind., contributed to this report.",1
4192,Trump's Indiana win raises unsettling questions for GOP,"Donald Trump became the presumptive Republican presidential nominee Tuesday, winning the Indiana primary as Ted Cruz dropped out. It punctuates the power of the populist rebellion against the GOP elite.

As yet another general joins Trump's team, what does the pick reveal?

Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump speaks at a campaign event at The Palladium at the Center for Performing Arts in Carmel, Ind.

For weeks, #NeverTrump Republicans saw the Indiana primary as one of the final firewalls standing between an outright win for the Manhattan billionaire and a contested convention in July, where another candidate could possibly emerge victorious.

The Hoosier state, after all, seemed ripe for Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas – strongly evangelical and with a pronounced tea-party tilt.

Now, it stands as a microcosm of this Republican primary season, showing the depth of the Republican revolt in the most decisive terms yet.

Indiana Republicans chose Donald Trump Tuesday, giving him more than 50 percent of the vote with two-thirds of the vote counted. Senator Cruz responded by suspending his presidential campaign. Mr. Trump's pathway to the Republican presidential nomination now appears clear.

As a result, Indiana has underlined deep and unsettling questions for the Republican Party.

Mr. Trump’s appeal to working class whites through economic populism and anti-immigrant nationalism beat Senator Cruz’s focus on establishment orthodoxy and culture-war worries.

On one hand, that’s nothing new. In sweeping the South, Trump again and again won Republican bulwarks with a message that, stripped to its essence, doesn’t really look very Republican – at least not as the party has defined itself since Ronald Reagan. Save Social Security. Rein in free trade. Support Planned Parenthood.

The difference is, Indiana was #NeverTrump’s last stand. Practically speaking, it has no more deeply red and electorally significant states in which to fight. And now, it has lost Cruz, too.

Republican voters have decided, and the forces seeking to push the Trump rebellion to the margins have lost.

What happens in the embers of this primary season and the general election ahead will shape what the Republican Party takes from 2016. But Indiana punctuates a now-inescapable conclusion: The party is not what it thought it was just nine months ago.

The Republican Party has been loath to reach this conclusion.

In rallying behind Cruz in a last-ditch effort to stop Trump, many insiders chose a candidate who was, at least, reliably Republican – even if his politics and personality grated.

Now the party must ask itself if it is merely Trump’s personality that has galvanized Republican primary voters, or if he is the vessel for a deeper shift away from the low tax, small government, free trade orthodoxies that have dominated the party for more than 30 years.

That remains an open question. To some, Trump is a singular phenomenon – a political outlier whose success comes from his inimitable style. Cruz’s inability to compete even on such apparently friendly turf speaks to his lack of charisma.

“It appears that Cruz is having a hard time galvanizing voters because he is not winning the hearts of voters the way successful candidates need to do,” says Amy Black, a political scientist at Wheaton College in Illinois. “He isn't perceived as likeable, and that is a tough hurdle for voters. For many voters, it isn't enough for a candidate to line up with them on issues; personality and charisma matter a lot in American politics.”

Moreover, Indiana held unique advantages for Trump, too. It has more manufacturing jobs as part of its total employment than any other state in the nation. Since the early days of the campaign, Trump has railed against Indianapolis-based Carrier Corp. moving production of its air conditioners to Mexico.

“From steel mills on the shores of Lake Michigan to the medical device hub of Warsaw, to Elkhart, the ‘RV capital of the world,’ Indiana’s blue-collar workforce – and its blue-collar retirees – are machine-made for Trump,” wrote David Wasserman at FiveThirtyEight on Monday.

Still, Trump’s repeated success in some of the reddest and most evangelical states – such as Indiana – has thrown doubt on the traditional Republican message. As the white working class continues to struggle after the Great Recession, classic Republican talking-points don't appear to be resonating as they once did.

A Cruz advertisement in Indiana likened Trump to Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton: “Both support the Obamacare individual mandate. Both support taxpayer funding for Planned Parenthood. Both support letting transgender men go in little girls’ bathrooms,” the ad says.

And again on Tuesday, Cruz’s angst boiled over as he made a desperate plea to the Republican spirit he knows best, accusing Trump of being “utterly amoral” and “a serial philanderer.”

None of it worked.

“At the very least, [this] does suggest that Republicans’ longstanding strategy of building majorities for their anti-tax platform by appealing to working-class voters’ Christian morals has lost a lot of its power,” wrote Eduardo Porter in The New York Times last month. And “it took Mr. Trump to identify the real Achilles’ heel in the Reagan coalition: an economic policy built around tax cuts for the wealthy that has failed to deliver the goods to the Republican base for far too long.”

This in a state where, in 2012 exit polls, more than 1 in 3 voters identified as white, born-again Christians. Where GOP primary voters ousted Sen. Richard Lugar, a 36-year moderate incumbent, in favor of tea party purist Richard Mourdock. (Mr. Mourdock lost the general election after making controversial comments about rape and abortion.)

Nine GOP primaries remain before June 7, and the two biggest – New Jersey and California – are hardly deep red.

As working class concerns dominate this year’s election in both parties, the relative strength of Evangelicals has begun to wane – as well as their traditional support for Republicans.

Republicans delivered nothing but “defeat after defeat in the culture wars,” wrote Stephen Prothero, professor of religion at Boston University, in Politico Magazine in March. “Cultural conservatives failed to pass constitutional amendments on school prayer or abortion. They lost on Bill Clinton’s impeachment. They lost on pop culture, where movies and television shows today make the sort of entertainment decried by the Moral Majority look like ‘It’s a Wonderful Life.’ And same-sex marriage is now the law of the land.”

Cruz announced his candidacy at evangelical Liberty University last year to signal his strategy of courting the GOP’s most reliable constituency over the years. He sent his father, Rafael Cruz, an evangelical minister, to congregations across the state. Now, he might end up being a cautionary tale to those who depend on such a strategy.

“Cruz has been hobbled all along by his failure to win evangelical-rich states,” wrote The Atlantic’s David Graham on Monday, “so it would be fitting if Trump manages to deal his campaign a mortal blow by beating him in just such a state on Tuesday.”",1
3598,"Freed Al Qaeda operative floated as part of prisoner swap, ex-diplomat says","An admitted Al Qaeda agent released this month from a U.S. federal prison had been offered up as part of a potential prisoner swap in exchange for two Americans held in Qatar, a former U.S. diplomat said Monday.

Richard Grenell, who had worked on the case of the jailed Americans, confirmed to Fox News that the offer was put on the table.

""There's no disputing the fact. I don't care what they say -- the idea was floated,"" he said.

The Daily Beast first reported that the trade was proposed to the then-U.S. ambassador in Qatar in July 2014 by an individual close to Qatar's attorney general. Grenell, a former spokesman for the U.S. mission at the United Nations under the George W. Bush administration, confirmed the idea was floated to then-U.S. Ambassador Susan Ziadeh by a ""close confidant"" of the Qatari attorney general.

Further, Rep. Duncan Hunter, R-Calif., wrote in a letter last week to the chairman of the House Armed Services Committee that he understands ""engagement began months ago"" on such a ""possible exchange arrangement for other Americans"" at the request of the Qataris.

Al Qaeda operative Ali Saleh al-Marri, who had been in U.S. custody since 2001, was ultimately released this month prior to completing his 15-year sentence because of ""time served,"" according to the Justice Department.

Meanwhile, the two Americans -- Matthew and Grace Huang -- were allowed to leave the country last December after their controversial conviction in the death of their adopted daughter was overturned.

Administration officials, though, disputed the notion that the Al Qaeda operative's release was part of a quid pro quo. A State Department official told The Daily Beast that ""no such proposal was ever on the table."" The official said al-Marri was sent home as scheduled, not because of a deal.

""Al-Marri's release happened as a matter of course, as a result of his court-imposed sentence being completed,"" another administration official told The Daily Beast.

That squares with what other officials have claimed.

""After more than 14 years in U.S. custody, Al-Marri completed his court-imposed sentence on his terrorism conviction,"" DOJ spokesman Marc Raimondi told Fox News on Monday. ""He has been removed from the United States and is barred for life from ever returning. As the outcome in this case shows, the U.S. government is committed to prosecuting terrorists to the fullest extent of the law and in a manner consistent with our values.""

White House senior adviser Valerie Jarrett recently told Fox News, when asked about the case, that ""people who served their sentence are then released.""

Referring to administration claims that they did not negotiate here, Grenell said, ""I take them at their word.""

But he said the administration has already ""sent the message to our friends and allies and even our enemies that we'll negotiate.""

The administration did trade five Taliban fighters last year for American Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl.

Still, in reference to Japanese prisoners held by the Islamic State, White House Chief of Staff Denis McDonough on Sunday stated the U.S. policy of not negotiating with terror groups over hostages.

""The policies are well set: The U.S. doesn't pay ransoms and will not do prisoner swaps. We will not discuss what the Japanese should do,"" he told ""Fox News Sunday.""

Al-Marri had been in U.S. custody since 2001, after reportedly being picked up on a routine traffic stop just weeks after the 9/11 terror attacks. He was charged with providing ""material support or resources"" to 9/11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and other Al Qaeda operatives.

At the time of his arrest, the Qatar native was a U.S. resident attending graduate school.

He was declared an enemy combatant in 2003 and sent to a Navy brig in Charleston, S.C. In 2008, U.S. courts ruled he was entitled to a federal hearing. He accepted a plea deal in 2009 that included the 15-year sentence, at a federal prison in Illinois.

Fox News' Lucas Tomlinson and Catherine Herridge contributed to this report.",1
2787,"Obama to keep 5,500 US troops in Afghanistan beyond 2016","President Obama announced Thursday he will keep 5,500 U.S. troops in Afghanistan beyond 2016, in a stark reversal from earlier pledges to end the war on his watch -- though Republicans still questioned whether the residual force will be enough to support Afghan forces and U.S. allies.

The decision follows months of appeals from military leaders to extend the drawdown timeline. And it marks an acknowledgement that, despite claims Al Qaeda is on the run, militants continue to pose a serious threat to the country.

Obama originally had planned to pull out all but a small, embassy-based U.S. military presence by the end of next year. But military leaders argued the Afghans needed additional assistance and support from the U.S. to beat back a resurgent Taliban and hold onto gains made over the last 14 years.

Under the new plan, the administration will keep the current force of 9,800 troops in Afghanistan through most of next year, then draw down to 5,500 troops in 2017, at a pace still to be determined by commanders.

""While America's combat mission in Afghanistan may be over, our commitment to Afghanistan and its people endures,"" Obama said at the White House, in announcing his decision.

The president stressed that he does ""not support the idea of endless war,"" but said Afghan forces are ""not as strong as they need to be"" and the Taliban have ""made gains,"" leading to a ""very fragile"" security situation in key areas of the country.

He called the new plan the ""best possibility for lasting progress in Afghanistan,"" while saying the U.S. mission ""will not change"" even after 2016.

Concerns about Afghan security were reinforced when Taliban fighters took control of Kunduz late last month, prompting a protracted battle with Afghan forces on the ground, supported by U.S. airstrikes. During the fighting, a U.S. airstrike hit a hospital, killing 22 people, including 12 Doctors Without Borders staff and 10 patients.

U.S. commanders have also expressed concern about Islamic State fighters moving into the country and gaining recruits from within the Taliban. And on another front, the U.S. military launched a major operation against two Al Qaeda camps in Kandahar earlier this month; one of the camps reportedly was almost 30 square miles. The operation included dozens of airstrikes.

Republicans welcomed Obama's decision Thursday to keep more troops in the country to deal with these threats -- but questioned whether 5,500 troops would be enough.

""I am pleased that President Obama has decided to keep U.S. troops in Afghanistan to perform the right missions beyond 2016, both in and outside of Kabul,"" Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, said in a statement. ""However, I am concerned that the number of troops will not be sufficient to perform the critical tasks being set for them: counterterrorism and continuing to train and advise our Afghan partners. ...

""The bottom line is that 5,500 troops will only be adequate to conduct either the counterterrorism or the train and advise mission, but not both. Our military commanders have said that both are critical to prevent Afghanistan from spiraling into chaos.""

Rep. Peter King, R-N.Y., told Fox News there was ""no way"" Afghan forces could have tackled the Taliban if all U.S. forces withdrew. ""This was a disaster waiting to happen,"" he said. But he called the president's compromise plan a ""containment"" strategy and questioned whether the ""small number"" would be enough.

""While this new plan avoids a disaster, it is certainly not a plan for success,"" Rep. Mac Thornberry, R-Texas, chairman of the House Armed Services Committee, said in a statement. He also criticized the president for threatening to veto defense legislation ""that provides their pay, benefits, and the authorities they need to get the job done"" -- in reference to an ongoing dispute over a defense authorization bill that would bust budget caps.

U.S. officials have been hinting at the policy shift for weeks, noting that conditions on the ground in Afghanistan have changed since Obama's initial decision on a sharper troop withdrawal timeline was made more than two years ago. The White House has also been buoyed by having a more reliable partner in Afghan President Ashraf Ghani, who succeeded the mercurial Hamid Karzai last year.

""The narrative that we're leaving Afghanistan is self-defeating,"" Defense Secretary Ash Carter said Wednesday during a speech at the Association of the U.S. Army. ""We're not, we can't, and to do so would not be to take advantage of the success we've had to date.""

Asked Thursday if 5,500 troops is enough, Carter said, ""We did a lot of homework on this."" He maintained that the troop presence, along with continued financial assistance and training for the Afghan military, ""are the ingredients to continue the prosecution of the mission.""

The troops staying in Afghanistan beyond next year will continue to focus on counterterrorism missions and training and advising Afghan security forces, officials said. They will be based in Kabul and Bagram Air Field, as well as bases in Jalalabad and Kandahar.

The president's decision to keep the U.S. military in Afghanistan beyond his tenure thrusts the conflict into the 2016 presidential race. The next president will become the third U.S. commander in chief to oversee the war, with the options of trying to bring it to a close, maintaining the presence as Obama left it or even ramping up U.S. involvement in the conflict.

Officials said discussions on staying in Afghanistan longer began during Ghani's visit to Washington in March. The top U.S. commander in Afghanistan, Gen. John Campbell, recently presented the president with a range of options calling for keeping more troops there. Officials said NATO allies had expressed support for extending the troop presence in Afghanistan, but they did not outline any specific commitments from other nations.

Obama campaigned for the White House on a pledge to end America's involvement in the two wars he inherited, Iraq and Afghanistan. Now, he'll likely finish his presidency with troops back in both countries.

The president did withdraw all U.S. troops from Iraq in late 2011, a moment he heralded as a promise kept to a war-weary nation. But the rise of the Islamic State drew the U.S. military back into Iraq last year to train and assist local security forces and launch airstrikes.

Obama announced the end of the Afghan war with similar fanfare last spring, saying it was time for the U.S. to ""turn the page"" on more than a decade of deadly conflicts.

In March, at a press conference with Ghani, he said, ""The date for us to have completed our drawdown will not change.""

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
2966,Success against ISIS requires a team of teams,"A truck bomb detonates in a lively street, congested with pedestrians headed to markets and school kids making their way home. The blast is temporarily deafening and the shock knocks people to their knees.

Those able to pull themselves up describe a disorienting moment of stillness—a ringing in their ears that drowns out the chaos, the shattered bones and the crumbling of nearby buildings into a dusty mess of rebar and brick. But the quiet, like a slow motion scene in a movie, quickly gives way to confusion and frenetic activity; the ringing gives way to a blurring amalgamation of screaming and sirens.

This scene is too frequent, familiar as an al Qaeda (AQ) tactic, and again with its newest incarnation, ISIS. Headlines are dominated by ever-ruthless brutality, senseless violence, and unspeakable injustice, the audaciousness of which leaves us baffled.

This isn’t really new.  Genghis Khan’s audacity and brutality unnerved his foes into submission.

But part of it is very new.

Although tiny compared to the Mongol hordes, operating with apparent orchestrated synergy, ISIS is seemingly everywhere.  Deft battlefield advances interwoven with terrorist strikes create a frightening kinetic reality that flies and multiplies across 21st century connectivity to assault our senses and undermine our confidence.  Like savvy investors, ISIS uses speed and digital leverage to geometrically increase their perceived power.

And in war, perception is reality.

In our fight against al Qaeda in Iraq in 2004, we found our elite team—with world-class technology, training, and intelligence—was losing to a comparatively ragtag group. We pulled all the traditional levers—more personnel, raids, and intelligence—to no avail. The ringing in our ears was too frequent, too disorienting.

The solution, we discovered, was internal.

Faced with a 21st century threat, we faced the hard realization that being a great team was not enough.  We learned through painful trial and error the necessity of transforming into a system that mirrored the speed and interconnectedness of the distributed networks we were facing.

We—the U.S. government, international community, and forces on the ground—have all the tools and resources required to defeat ISIS and any of its future manifestations.  What we don’t have is an organized, unified approach and structure to harness our collective will, resources, personnel, equipment, intelligence, policy, and diplomatic efforts to defeat them. Success demands connecting an ever-dispersed and intricate organization into a Team of Teams.

This will require a fundamental shift in the way we organize ourselves; the traditional command and control structures of large organizations like the government, military, or corporations were developed to provide order and efficiency at scale. But this comes at cost of speed and decentralized decision-making.  Even in a hierarchical command of teams, decisions tend to be made at higher levels. A Team of Teams approach to create networked structures spreads valuable contextual information and empowers individuals closest to the problem to react in real time. At its core, it makes us adaptable.

In Iraq, we were driven to connect across boundaries in completely new ways, break silos to solve problems, and execute faster than we ever thought possible. This didn’t happen overnight; it took us the better part of five years to transform the way our organization operated.

Defeating ISIS necessitates a new operating model, but also to recognize that ISIS isn’t a singular challenge, but rather the byproduct of a new order defined by complexity. It is essential to imbue our organizations with adaptability; the challenges will continue to mutate, and we need to adapt alongside. There can’t be a temporary taskforce or unit to defeat ISIS that is dismantled when the mission is complete. The new mission needs to foster a Team of Teams, otherwise we’ll find ourselves knocked to our knees time and again.

Stanley McChrystal retired from the U.S. Army as a four-star general after more than thirty-four years of service. His last assignment was as the commander of all American and coalition forces in Afghanistan. His memoir, ""My Share of the Task,"" was a New York Times bestseller. He is co-author of the new book ""Team of Teams: New Rules of Engagement for a Complex World"" (Portfolio/Penguin, May 12, 2015). He is a senior fellow at Yale University’s Jackson Institute for Global

 Affairs and the cofounder of CrossLead, a leadership consulting firm.",1
1433,"The Edge: Cruz, Trump get media attention post-Paris","**Want FOX News First in your inbox every day? Sign up here.**

Buzz Cut:

 • The Edge: Cruz, Trump get media attention post-Paris

 • Trump touts government registry of Muslims

 • Hillary: Muslims ‘have nothing whatsoever to do with terrorism’

 • Can security focus save Vitter?

 • So you’re saying it could have gone better…

THE EDGE: CRUZ, TRUMP GET MEDIA ATTENTION POST-PARIS

 Among top-tier GOP presidential contenders, Sen. Ted Cruz and Donald Trump, saw the least drop off in media coverage in the week since the Islamist raid in Paris.

Not all media attention is helpful, but you can’t run for president without it. And when major news happens, like the wall-to-wall coverage of the Paris attacks, candidates struggle to be heard above the roar. That’s one of the reasons we bring you The Edge.

The Edge is a one-of-a-kind measurement from the New Analytics Company that “scrubs” television, radio, print, internet and social media for mentions of the 2016 candidates. The team at New Analytics has built unique tool to measure which candidates are being talked about the most and the data are compiled into a single score and provided to Fox News First.

Every candidate saw a drop in coverage from the week before when the Fox Business Network/WSJ debate was driving the discussion, but some managed to still get into the conversation more than others. Here are their rankings for media mentions this week, with their decline from last week in brackets. You can view the full results here.

AT LAST, A REAL POLL!

 After a two-week drought in national Republican primary polling that covered not just the fourth GOP debate and the most significant Islamist attack in the West in a decade, Bloomberg has finally delivered the goods.  And… not much seems to have changed.

The poll mirrors the last useful national survey, which was taken by Fox News at the beginning of the month before the debate and attacks. Donald Trump leads with 24 percent of the vote, but close behind is Ben Carson with 20 percent. Then come Sens. Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz with 12 percent and 9 percent respectively. The rest are, well, the rest.

There are some takeaways, though: Trump tops Carson on foreign policy and leadership but Carson tops Trump on questions of character. Carson leads Trump with two key GOP demographic groups: Southerners and Christian conservatives. Rubio bests Cruz on most attribute qualities, including a 19-point advantage on “presidential temperament.”

Trump touts government registry of Muslims - WaPo: “Donald Trump said Thursday the United States should create a database of Muslims in the country. ‘Oh, I would certainly implement that — absolutely,’ Trump said in a brief interview with NBC News following a town hall event in Iowa on Thursday evening. …  When directly asked Thursday evening by NBC reporter Vaughn Hillyard about the possibility of a database of Muslims, Trump agreed with the idea, using the words ‘certainly’ and ‘absolutely.’ But when asked again about this database by a swarm of reporters later in the night, Trump acted confused. ‘What? Why are you asking me that question?’ Trump said to one reporter following a rally. Trump then ignored a wave of follow-up questions. ‘Where did you hear that?’ he said to another reporter. ‘I don't know where you heard that.’”

Rubio’s ObamaCare bailout blocker hits home - A little-discussed provision from Sen. Marco Rubio in a federal funding bill last year may have dealt a devastating blow to ObamaCare. Rubio’s measure to clamp down on what conservatives call insurance “bailouts” but the law calls “risk corridors” to help big insurance with higher costs under ObamaCare seems to have landed on its intended target. The White House downplayed the possible consequences, arguing that the mechanism wouldn’t be necessary anyway because of the success of the law. But with enrollments, especially of healthy customers, lagging, America’s largest health insurer UnitedHealth says it may stop selling ObamaCare policies in the face of forecast losses of $500 million for next year.

[Rubio joins “Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace” this weekend. The show airs at 2 p.m. and 6 p.m. ET on the Fox News Channel. Check local listings for broadcast times in your area.]

“We know that ISIS is deliberately using the refugee crisis to insert fighters into Europe. Why wouldn't they do the same in the United States?” – Sen. Marco Rubio on “The Kelly File.” Watch here.

 

 POWER PLAY: CRUZ AND RUBIO HAVE AT IT

 The open conflict between Sen. Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio has happened sooner and with more intensity than may predicted. What’s next? The Weekly Standard’s Daniel Halper and Brendan Bordelon of National Review share their forecasts on “Power Play with Chris Stirewalt.” WATCH HERE.

[No luv for the guvs - Despite great expectations, GOP governors have been a flop in the 2016 stakes. Stirewalt asks Halper and Bordelon what happened and why. WATCH HERE.]

CARLY: BOMBS NOT BOOTS 

 FBN: “Hillary Clinton might support boots on the ground, but Carly Fiorina explained why she’s not ready to send 10,000 troops to the Middle East just yet, during an interview with the FOX Business Network’s Stuart Varney. ‘…The false choice that Obama presents to the American people is, if you don’t agree with what I am not doing, then the only option is tens of thousands of boots on the ground. It’s simply false,’ she said. She criticized the Obama administration for not supplying Middle East allies with support sooner. ‘We’ve had a fairly effective bombing campaign over the last couple of days. Why haven’t we been doing that for a year and a half? Because we’ve had politically expedient rules of engagement, that’s why. Why haven’t we provided the Jordanians with the bombs and material for their air force [that] they’ve asked us for?’”

[The super PAC supporting Fiorina, CARLY for America, snagged Rick Perry alum Lexi Stemple Swearingen as its senior communications adviser.]

WITH YOUR SECOND CUP OF COFFEE…

 The trials of Nazi leaders for war crimes began in Nuremburg, Germany 70 years ago today. It was a pivot point in Western history in which “crimes against humanity” would be addressed by the victorious side in a war rather than either rough justice at the end of a rope or unaccountability as part of a treaty. The America idea was that offenders would be fairly tried before they were sent to the gallows. But following proper protocols meant that the accused prisoners would have to be afforded access to clergy. But who would sign up to minister to some of the most despicable creatures in history? Author Tim Townsend shares the story of a pastor and a priest who brought their faith’s message of grace and mercy to the most hated men in the world.

HILLARY: MUSLIMS ‘HAVE NOTHING WHATSOEVER TO DO WITH TERRORISM’

 When it comes to theology, politicians are pretty dire. When it comes to the theology of Islam, American politicians are the pits. Good intentions have led many astray since the start of the current war with Islamist militants. President Obama has been one of the prime offenders, often expounding on what Islam really is and isn’t. The president took plenty of heat for his head-snapping claim last year that the Islamic State is “not Islamic.”

Wanting neither to dignify ISIS as a legitimate power nor to suggest that there is any clash between the Islam and the West, Obama runs in circles. The West is not at war with Islamists, therefore the Islamists with which the West is at war must not really be Muslims. Poof. The relative merits of an enemy’s theology would seem to be no matter for an American president’s attention, but it has become a gag reflex for Democrats when confronted with escalations of the ongoing struggle.

Which brings us to Hillary Clinton, United Methodist, presumptive Democratic nominee and, now, amateur theologian and sociologist. In her speech calling for an escalation of the war against ISIS, Clinton explained who Muslims are. “Muslims are peaceful and tolerant people,” she said. “And have nothing whatsoever to do with terrorism.”

Good luck with the base, Hillary! - WaPo: “A 32-hour protest about the racial climate at Princeton ended Thursday night when the president and students reached an agreement that included consideration of the idea of renaming the university’s storied Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs.”

[#mediabuzz - Host Howard Kurtz breaks down all the latest on coverage of the Paris attacks and the political consequences with guests including Mary Katherine Ham. Watch “#mediabuzz” Sunday at 11 a.m. ET, with a second airing at 5 p.m.]

CAN SECURITY FOCUS SAVE VITTER?

 Democrats are hoping that a late turn toward national security doesn’t upend their chances for a rare Southern statewide victory. Louisiana voters head to the polls election runoff Saturday after a brutal battle for the governor’s mansion between Democrat John Bel Edwards and Republican Sen. David Vitter. Edwards seemed to be cruising to the finish line powered a vicious attack ad aimed at Vitter’s involvement in a 2008 prostitution scandal. Debates have been a bloodbath with Edwards and Vitter calling each other liars before a heckling crowd in their final faceoff on Tuesday.

But the focus in the state, as elsewhere, has turned to current national security concerns after the Paris attacks and Vitter is seizing on the Syrian refugee issue to tie Edwards to President Obama’s ISIS woes. A PAC backing Vitter is running a chilling ad that points to Edwards partnering with Obama, noting refugees have already been relocated in the state and the risks of a new influx to Louisiana.

Come Saturday, the party hopes the focus on current issues translates into a redo of the outcome in Kentucky’s gubernatorial race last month, where what was predicted to be a close contest turned out to be a resounding victory for Republican Matt Bevin. Vitter’s challenge seems to be substantially greater, however. There’s been a dearth of reliable polling and runoffs pose special challenges on turnout models, but a University of New Orleans poll taken a week after the Oct. 24 primary election showed Edwards with a 22 point lead.

Early snapshot - WSJ: “Early voting has jumped significantly in Louisiana’s race for governor—up 58% compared to 2011—giving Democrats some reasons for cautious optimism in a race with national implications. By any modern political calculus, it’s the Republican, U.S. Sen. David Vitter, who should win when voters go to the polls on Saturday.”

Draw! - NYT: “[I]n Mississippi…a mathematically improbable tie in a State House of Representatives race has triggered a state statute that calls for the winner to be determined ‘by lot.’’ On Friday the two candidates, the Democratic incumbent, Blaine Eaton II, and his Republican challenger, Mark Tullos, will meet in Jackson, the state capital, and draw straws to determine the victor. In a vote tallied earlier this month, each candidate received exactly 4,589 votes.”

SO YOU’RE SAYING IT COULD HAVE GONE BETTER…

 WMUR: “A crane crashed through the roof of a Merrimack home Thursday where workers were cutting trees. The owner of the house on Turkey Hill Road said she hired Healey Tree Works to cut down 20 trees on her property. The crew was cutting down the last tree when the crane hit a septic tank in the backyard, which opened a sinkhole. The crane toppled over and smashed into the roof of the home, where two people were inside. The people inside weren't hurt, but a worker was left dangling from the tree. When the operator tried to move the crane, the climber was injured when it hit his foot. The injured climber was taken to a nearby hospital. The homeowner said she has owned the house for 28 years but never knew about the second septic system that caused the problem.”

Chris Stirewalt is the digital politics editor for Fox News. Want FOX News First in your inbox every day? Sign up here.

Chris Stirewalt joined Fox News Channel (FNC) in July of 2010 and serves as digital politics editor based in Washington, D.C.  Additionally, he authors the daily ""Fox News First"" political news note and hosts ""Power Play,"" a feature video series, on FoxNews.com. Stirewalt makes frequent appearances on the network, including ""The Kelly File,"" ""Special Report with Bret Baier,"" and ""Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace.""  He also provides expert political analysis for Fox News coverage of state, congressional and presidential elections.",1
328,NY police investigate possible sighting of escaped prisoners,"New York State Police are looking into a possible sighting of two convicted murderers who escaped from an upstate New York maximum-security prison two weeks ago.

The two men fitting the description of inmates David Sweat and Richard Matt were seen about a week ago in Steuben County, New York, over 300 miles southwest of Dannemora, according to a news release posted late Friday. Two men were seen walking near a rail yard in Erwin on June 13, and then seen the next day in Lindley, New York, heading toward the Pennsylvania border.

Investigators conducted interviews in both communities and have surveillance video that was initially deemed inconclusive and is being sent to Albany for analysis.

It wasn’t clear why authorities waited a week before divulging the information.

State police spokesman Beau Duffy told FoxNews.com Saturday investigators did not wait that long. He said troopers learned about the possible weekend sightings on Tuesday.

He said troopers then sought to verify the sightings over the next two days. Late Friday afternoon, troopers got their hands on the surveillance video.

Duffy said at that point commanders decided to release information on the possible sightings to alert the public and to hopefully generate more leads.

Sweat and Matt used power tools to cut their way out of Clinton Correctional Facility in Dannemora on June 6. Hundreds of law enforcement officers have been looking for them.

State police say they’re prepared to keep searching for the “long haul.”

Friday, police asked hunters for help in the search for the escaped convicts.

“We’re asking them to review video from wildlife or trail cameras to see if they see anything suspicious,” State Police Maj. Charles Guess said at a press conference at the prison.

Hunters say they are ready to help even if it isn’t hunting season and they still haven't turned their trail cams on to track deer.

State police said Friday they have searched 600 miles of trails leading out of Dannemora, but local outdoorsman Jason Langdon said the wooded area is so vast, searchers still have a lot of work to do.

A correction officer from the prison was also suspended, officials announced Friday. However, officials didn’t have any other information involving the case.

The Associated Press contributed to this report",1
4723,“He and I Haven’t Spoken”: Trump and Pence Are Having a Very Public Couple’s Argument,"In the middle of a heated exchange about the Syrian civil war during the second presidential debate Sunday night, Donald Trump dropped a surprising new factoid about the relationship between him and Mike Pence: the Indiana governor’s policies don’t represent his own, and the two apparently haven’t worked out their differences.

When asked by moderator Martha Raddatz why his attitude towards Russia’s involvement with the Assad regime directly contradicted Pence’s comments at the vice-presidential debate last week, Trump brushed off his own running mate. “He and I haven't spoken, and I disagree,” said Trump.

The dismissive words by Trump come at a time that the Republican presidential nominee and his running-mate are not on the best terms. The deeply-religious Pence reportedly became “apoplectic” when he learned about a video recording of Trump making vulgar comments about forcing himself on women, sending out a harshly-worded statement condemning his remarks. “I do not condone his remarks and cannot defend them,” he said, adding that he hoped that Trump would move on.

Trump’s comments during the town hall-style debate also hinted at a widening rift between Trump and Pence, the governor of Indiana, who had decided to use his time on stage at the vice presidential debate to defend a platform that was, at several points, the exact opposite of Trump’s platform. Pence’s calm and measured performance gave Republicans some relief, with several calling for him to replace Trump at the top of the ticket. That enthusiasm, which reportedly annoyed Trump, only intensified after the reveal of the Access Hollywood footage of Trump’s lewd comments, and Pence was not at Trump Tower during the emergency meeting the billionaire convened Sunday before the debate.

In the hours since the 2005 tape was made public, rumors have swirled that Pence could abandon the Republican presidential ticket, though the speculation may have more basis in wishful thinking than reality. Shortly after the debate, however, Pence seemed more than open to reconciliation:

For more Hive coverage of the second presidential debate, read T.A. Frank’s look at Trump reveling in historic lows, watch Trump hover over Clinton’s shoulder, defend his Muslim ban and break with his own running mate, find out how the candidates answered the night’s final question, and get the scoop on Melania Trump’s interesting sartorial choice.",1
802,Fault lines: GOP civil war deepens,"Washington (CNN) Donald Trump is poised to breeze through another round of primary contests this week -- while the Republican Party splinters around him.

Trump's ascent to the top of the GOP, which was capped last week with Ted Cruz' s devastating loss in the Indiana primary, happened so fast that even the billionaire himself was surprised. And the whipsawed party establishment now faces immediate choices -- none of which particularly appeal to them.

'Just not ready' for Trump

Will they unite behind their party's standard-bearer? Will they sit out the 2016 campaign? Or will they fight on, in a quixotic quest to undermine Trump?

Trump's opponents are still sorting through the wreckage of the GOP primary season for a path forward. But it has become painfully clear over the past five days that party unification will be tough to come by, if it happens at all.

Trump himself enters his first full week as the presumptive nominee by signaling that he has limited patience for or interest in the establishment's rebellion. Though the election is six months away, he announced Monday that New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie will lead his transition team.

But when CNN's Chris Cuomo gave Trump a chance to take on Ryan and the GOP establishment during a ""New Day"" interview Monday, Trump demurred. His response: ""We'll see what happens.""

He used the interview to offer fresh evidence of his willingness to thwart tradition. Trump, who is building his presidential bid around his business acumen and knowledge of the economy, told Cuomo the U.S. should take the unprecedented step of defaulting on the debt ""because you print the money.""

Trump is making quite clear he doesn't intend to cast off the provocative style on the campaign trail that alarmed the Republican establishment and resonated so deeply with primary voters. After spending days on the receiving end of criticism from the likes of Ryan, Romney and Graham, Trump and his supporters hit back -- hard.

Sarah Palin, a key Trump surrogate and 2008 vice presidential nominee, took the unusual step of backing the little-known Republican businessman challenging Ryan for his Wisconsin seat.

""His political career is over but for a miracle because he has so disrespected the will of the people, and as the leader of the GOP, the convention, certainly he is to remain neutral,"" Palin said. ""And for him to already come out and say who he will not support is not a wise decision of his.""

For his part, Trump didn't seem too worried about the talk of the GOP disintegrating because of his nomination. Speaking on ABC's ""This Week,"" Trump questioned the need for party unity, arguing that his campaign is unlike any before and won't rely on the same political calculations.

""Does it have to be unified?"" he asked. ""I'm very different than everybody else, perhaps that's ever run for office. I actually don't think so.""

He went on: ""I think it would be better if it were unified. I think ... there would be something good about it. But I don't think it actually has to be unified in the traditional sense.""

Those comments underscore the growing debate over whether Trump's unorthodox candidacy will doom the GOP in the fall or whether the anxious party leadership has grown so out of touch with the electorate that it's missing the genuine anger fueling Trump's rise.

Facing the likelihood of running against the first female nominee of a major party, Trump sought to recast Clinton's image by reviving the impeachment saga of the 1990s and arguing that she was dismissive of women who had extramarital affairs with her husband.

""And some of those women were destroyed, not by (Bill Clinton), but by the way Hillary Clinton treated them after it went down.""

""But I think, for the most part,"" she went on, ""Americans are concerned about things like who will be able to appoint the next Supreme Court justices, which will affect an entire generation coming up. I think that's what people are concerned about, much more so than Bill Clinton's obvious indiscretions, and Donald Trump having been divorced a couple of times, but owning up to it.""

Trump also caused some confusion over the weekend by taking positions on the minimum wage and taxes that are not only out of step with GOP tradition but also his own stances during the primary.

On taxes, he said levies on the wealthy would go up under his administration. He argued that while he supports across-the-board tax cuts, he would likely bargain away cuts for top earners during negotiations with Congress.

""On my plan, they're doing down,"" he said on ""This Week."" ""But by the time it's negotiated, they'll go up.""

He added: ""We're going to submit the optimum ... That's what I'd like to get and we'll fight for it. But from a practical standpoint, it's going to get renegotiated. And in my opinion, the taxes for the rich will go up somewhat.""

And after he told CNN's Wolf Blitzer last week that he was ""looking at"" raising the minimum wage, he told ABC's George Stephanopoulous that he hasn't ""decided in terms of numbers.""

""But I think people have to get more,"" he said, while acknowledging the shift.

""I'm allowed to change,"" he said. ""You need flexibility, George, whether it's a tax plan where you're going to -- where you know you're going to negotiate. But we're going to come up with something.""

Such shifts, however, are deeply unnerving to many of Trump's opponents.

They have argued that he effectively fooled many primary voters into supporting him and will change his tune once he has to appeal to a broader electorate ahead of the general election.

That fear is partly what's fueling speculation over a potential third-party run from someone like Romney, who met privately with Kristol, the editor of the conservative Weekly Standard, last week to discuss how to get an independent candidate into the race.

""Profiteers tempt and endeavor to hook us with compulsive addictions,"" Romney said. ""Entertainment media distracts us from the things that bring enduring achievements and happiness.""",1
1026,"Clinton, under fire for oil and gas donations, once hit Obama for same reason","Clinton lost her temper at an event on Thursday when activists from Greenpeace and 350 Action, two environmental organization, asked her to ""reject fossil fuel money"" and not accept donations from the gas and oil industry. ""I'm so sick of the Sanders' campaign lying about me. I'm sick of it,"" Clinton said.

In response to the confrontation, Nick Merrill, Clinton's spokesman, said the candidate ""has not taken a dollar from oil and gas industry PACs or corporations."" Clinton's campaign, in fact, has not received any money directly from oil and gas companies, as that would violate election law.

""You've seen the ad,"" says a narrator before cutting to a separate ad of Obama saying, ""I don't take one from oil companies.""

""No candidate does. It has been against the law for 100 years,"" says the narrator. ""But Barack Obama accepted $200,000 from executives and employees of oil companies. Every gallon of gas takes over three bucks from your pocket. But Obama voted for the Bush-Cheney energy bill that puts $6 billion in the pocket of big oil."" The narrator adds, ""Hillary voted against it. She will make oil companies pay to crate the new jobs in clean energy America needs."" Clinton concludes the ad by saying, ""I'm Hillary Clinton and I approve this message."" The ad ran during Pennsylvania's primary, a state Clinton won by nearly 10 percentage points. Clinton's ad was a response to Obama's own ad that said, ""I'm Barack Obama. I don't take money from oil companies or Washington lobbyists and I won't let them block change anymore."" Both Clinton and Obama accepted money from executives and employees of oil companies during the 2008 campaign, according to Center for Responsive Politics . Obama accepted $222,309 and Clinton accepted $309,363, according to the watchdog. Clinton's 2016 campaign has taken more than $300,000 from people who work for those companies, according to Greenpeace. Clinton's campaign noted on Thursday that Sanders has taken upwards of $50,000 from the same individuals. Brian Fallon, Clinton's press secretary, responded to the 2008 ad by noting that Sanders, too, has taken money from employees at oil and gas companies. ""Then, as now, both Democratic candidates in the race accepted donations from employees of oil and gas companies,"" Fallon said. ""We have not accused Senator Sanders of being beholden to the oil and gas industry on that basis, nor should he say that of Hillary Clinton.""",1
1459,His rivals are saying the same thing in different ways: Marco Rubio is weak,"Chris Christie depicts Marco Rubio as a truant schoolboy. Jeb Bush’s top ally portrays him as a weather vane. Ted Cruz and his supporters characterize him as a nervous sellout who bowed to Democratic demands for “amnesty.”

In commercials, interviews and face-to-face meetings with voters, Rubio’s 2016 rivals and their backers are waging increasingly personal attacks, using different words to say much the same thing: that the freshman senator from Florida is weak and unreliable.

With their pointed attacks, Rubio’s rivals have essentially taken a page out of Donald Trump’s playbook. After months of trying and failing to dislodge the brash GOP front-runner, the field is now focused heavily on Rubio, who is seen as a vulnerable and necessary target straddling the line between the conservative and establishment wings of the Republican Party.

Thursday night’s Fox Business News debate in North Charleston, S.C., will put the new dynamic on display before a national audience with less than three weeks to go until the Iowa caucuses. Rubio advisers and allies are tight-lipped about his debate strategy, but in general they say that he will not endure attacks quietly. Rubio tends to respond to criticism with specific, well-rehearsed policy critiques rather than personal jabs.

However, in a campaign where Trump, Christie and Cruz have ascended on the strength of their belligerent dispositions and quippy broadsides, Rubio’s softer approach carries risks.

“He’s not as inflammatory [as] others, and those personal attacks tend to get headlines,” said Rep. Jason Chaffetz (R-Utah), a Rubio supporter. “But Marco Rubio is that steady, responsible conservative with a message that’s inspirational for a lot of us.”

One of the most searing attacks on Rubio yet came this week in the form of a Web video from Keep the Promise I, a super PAC supporting Cruz. The 1 -minute spot splices together footage of President Obama praising the immigration reform bill Rubio once pushed and clips from interviews edited to give Rubio a deer-in-the-headlights look.

To many Republicans, Rubio’s youth is one of his best attributes. The 44-year-old candidate regularly talks about hip-hop, electronic dance music, Uber and Airbnb. He looks, sounds and sometimes dresses younger than most Republican officials.

But where some see an appealing freshness, others see inexperience and weakness — critiques similar to those leveled at Barack Obama by Republicans in 2008.

“Marco Rubio has never run anything. I’m not sure he could run a bath,” said Roger Stone, a longtime Trump confidant who departed Trump’s political team last year.

Right to Rise USA, a super PAC supporting former Florida governor Jeb Bush, put out a video this week that kicked off a multi-pronged attack against Rubio, including seemingly questioning his masculinity and accusing him of changing his position on cap-and-trade regulations, immigration and other issues.

“These boots are made for flippin’ and that’s just what they’ll do. One of these days young Marco’s gonna flip, flop, flip on you,” sings a woman in the video, which makes fun of Rubio’s well-documented fashion choice during a recent swing through New Hampshire: a pair of stylish black high-heeled boots. Right to Rise also released a TV ad showing a Rubio cutout spinning around on a weather vane.

In a Wednesday interview with MSNBC, Bush — who at 6-3 is at least five inches taller than Rubio — was asked whether he owned any platform boots. “I don’t have a height issue,” he said.

[Strategic or overconfident? Rubio plays hard to get with voters]

Trump, who also has a height advantage, said last week on a Boston radio station that it “helps to be tall.”

“I don’t know what to think of those boots,” he said, adding: “They’re big heels. I mean, those heels are really up there.”

Rubio has called the fascination with his boots “craziness” at a time when consequential events are unfolding across the world.

For most of Rubio’s competitors, finishing ahead of him rather than Trump is a more realistic goal in the early states. It’s particularly critical for those stuck in the middle tier to receive a boost with donors and voters in the first wave of contests.

Christie, New Jersey’s governor, is a good example. Since the last debate in December, the Rubio-Christie rift has deepened.

Christie has said in recent interviews with The Washington Post and other news outlets that Rubio “turns tail and runs” (a reference to him walking away from comprehensive immigration reform); that the “truant officer is out looking for him” (a reference to his many Senate absences and perhaps his relative youth); and that Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton would “cut his heart out.”

Rubio and his campaign have hit back, but on policy rather than character.

“I’m sure he doesn’t really want to have a conversation about the issues,” Rubio said of Christie in Nashua, N.H., last week. Rubio dinged the New Jersey governor as a backer of Common Core education standards, said he “ran for office as a supporter of gun control” and noted that Christie once made a contribution to Planned Parenthood. Days earlier, a pro-Rubio super PAC unveiled a TV ad campaign in New Hampshire with similar lines of attack.

[‘He’s Cuban. I’m Mexican.’ Can Rubio and Cruz connect with Latino voters?]

On Monday, Rubio delivered a speech on taxes­ in which he took policy swipes at Christie and Cruz. In a clear shot at the senator from Texas, Rubio said not to be fooled by advocates of a “business flat tax,” which he said acts like a “value-added tax,” widespread in foreign countries but not the United States.

Much of Cruz’s anti-Rubio rhetoric has been associated with his membership in the bipartisan “Gang of Eight” that pushed a comprehensive immigration bill in 2013. The bill included a path to citizenship that conservative opponents call “amnesty.”

Rubio has fought back against Cruz by pointing to an amendment Cruz pushed offering legal status to undocumented immigrants. (Cruz says it was a poison pill meant to foil Democrats.) Rubio has also sought to run to Cruz’s right on national security, hitting him hard over his vote to stop the government’s bulk collection of Americans’ telephone metadata.

Recent polling shows Rubio edging up to second or third place in each of the first two nominating states. There’s a growing sentiment that party elites will eventually coalesce around an alternative to Trump and Cruz, who some leading Republicans fear are too combative for the general election. Rubio is trying fend off Christie, Bush and Ohio Gov. John Kasich in that sub-contest.

Even as he stresses his youth and next-generation appeal, Rubio has tried to appear presidential as his rivals raise doubts about him. He is pitching himself as the strongest possible commander in chief. His events, even the small ones, have a formal feel to them, with a stage always erected at the front. His TV ads include several spots with dark themes and dire warnings about threats overseas.

Rubio will have to adjust a bit to Thursday’s debate because Rand Paul, a natural opponent on foreign policy, did not poll well enough to appear on the main stage. In the last debate, Rubio took am at the Kentucky senator’s libertarian-leaning foreign policy to tout his more hawkish views.

Rubio has tended to do well in the debates, winning positive reviews in each of the previous five meetings.

After the debate, Rubio will hit the campaign trail in New Hampshire and then Iowa, where some like Evan Sinclair, 20, are nervously watching whether he can blunt his rivals’ attacks. Observing Rubio shake hands in the Des Moines suburbs recently, Sinclair said he hopes the senator can catch fire.

“Rubio had better shine a light so the Republican Party can exist,” he said. “People need to wake up and see a rational candidate is needed.”",1
2439,Why The Obamacare Doomsday Cult Can't Admit It's Wrong,"But when Congress debated and passed the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act in 2009 and 2010, opponents were nearly unified in offering grim Keech-like predictions. With Obamacare now in full effect, and the economy on a decided upswing, the dour prognostications are starting to look like Keech's flying saucers. At least if you believe the data. A look at Festinger's theories, though, can explain why that won't matter, and why Americans can expect a continued drumbeat of doom, even as the prophecies fail.

“It certainly has not had the baleful effects the critics were predicting,” said Paul Van de Water, a senior fellow at the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities who supports the law, but never thought it would have much economic impact. “On balance it may be a modest plus, to the extent that it has contributed to the slowdown of growth in health care costs.”

But that's not how Capitol Hill’s gloomsday cult sees it. Indeed, try getting any of them to admit the Affordable Care Act jobs slaughter has not happened, and they sound like the punchline to the old joke where a spouse gets caught in the act cheating: “Who are you going to believe -- me, or your lying eyes?”

""With politicians, you can’t be sure that what comes out of their mouths is really what’s in their head,"" said Elliot Aronson, one of Festinger’s former students who is regarded as the foremost expert on cognitive dissonance alive today. ""When it comes to politics, we have to really look closely.""

The way cognitive dissonance works is that when people are confronted with information that contradicts either their beliefs or actions, they feel discomfort. To feel better, they either have to modify their beliefs and actions, or find some way to discount the disconfirming information. And the more effort someone invests in a particular action or idea, the greater the lengths they will go in crafting justifications to ease their discomfort.

Aronson and co-author Carol Tavris looked closely at that phenomenon in their 2007 book, Mistakes Were Made (but not by me). Among the examples are prosecutors who insist that people cleared by DNA evidence are still guilty; scientists who insist results that agree with funders’ interests could not have been swayed, and people who like an idea from their political party, but dislike the same idea if told it came from the opposition party.

Indeed, committing to a specific ideology can make it much harder to see facts clearly, let alone acknowledge them. Aronson noted that it’s especially hard for people who spent the last five years opposing a specific policy. “These guys are so committed to the belief that Obama can’t do anything right, and that Obamacare is socialism, that it would be very, very difficult for them to examine the data objectively,"" he said. ""I think that’s what’s wrong with politics, that’s what’s wrong with ideology, that’s what’s wrong with politics that are ideologically driven.”

“One could create some line of argument that the economy would be much, much stronger without the ACA, but that really seems to be a stretch,” said Van de Water, the economist. “We have a very large economy. Even as important as the Affordable Care Act is, it’s working on a major sector of the economy, but only at the margins. Even in advance, one would have thought it wasn’t going to have a huge effect.”",1
864,"Sanders, Cruz resist pressure after NY losses, vow to fight to conventions","The Bernie Sanders and Ted Cruz campaigns vowed to fight all the way to their respective party conventions despite losing big in Tuesday’s New York primaries – rebuffing taunts from their rivals that they’re just about mathematically eliminated from the race.

Indeed, after coming in a distant third in New York, Cruz has no real path to overtake Donald Trump in the Republican race before the July convention. On the Democratic side, Sanders would have to win 73 percent of the remaining delegates and uncommitted superdelegates to catch Hillary Clinton.

Clinton could actually lose every remaining primary in the coming weeks and still clinch the nomination. Next up are primaries in Pennsylvania, Maryland, Connecticut, Rhode Island and Delaware next week. Clinton moved quickly to cast herself as the all-but-certain nominee.

""The race for the Democratic nomination is in the home stretch, and victory is in sight,"" she told supporters at her victory party in Manhattan on Tuesday night. A campaign aide, on the sidelines, said Sanders has no mathematical chance of a comeback.

Trump declared at his own victory party across town, “We don’t have much of a race anymore.”

Yet Cruz and Sanders were recalibrating their approach and their rhetoric, seemingly preparing to press on.

Appearing to acknowledge he could no longer clinch the nomination pre-convention, Cruz said Wednesday: “We are definitely headed to Cleveland. And in Cleveland, the people are gonna prevail.”

His campaign is likely back to concentrating on the delegate-selection process in order to strengthen its position going into Cleveland.

If Cruz – and Ohio Gov. John Kasich – can hold Trump under the 1,237 delegates needed to clinch the nomination before then, the Texas senator aims to have delegate allies in place from across the country who would peel off from Trump and support him after the first round of voting. Further, his campaign is courting “unbound” delegates in several states – most recently in Pennsylvania, which votes next week and does not bind most its delegates to the primary results – in hopes they would also flock to him in the event of a floor fight.

The maneuvers have only strengthened Trump’s resolve to go on a huge winning streak in the coming weeks, racking up delegates in hopes of reaching the 1,237 threshold and ruling out the possibility of a contested convention. According to The Washington Post, an internal Trump memo projects Trump would get more than 1,400 delegates on the first round of balloting to secure the nomination.

Right now, Trump has 845 delegates, Cruz has 559 and Kasich has 147.

Meanwhile, Sanders, presuming he cannot clinch the nomination himself before the Philadelphia convention, is pursuing a tricky strategy.

""We're going to go to the convention,” campaign manager Jeff Weaver said on MSNBC. But the Sanders campaign seems to be relying on the prospect of winning over superdelegates, the party insiders and officials free to support whomever they want.

Clinton holds an overwhelming lead among them and is well-positioned to reach the 2,383 total delegates needed by the end of primaries in June, counting both superdelegates and pledged. Sanders officials seem to be raising the bar, though, suggesting she would need 2,383 pledged delegates to truly clinch the nomination.

But Clinton aide Jennifer Palmieri said the former secretary of state will continue to hold the pledged-delegate lead as well. And after a campaign period marked by an increasingly bitter tone between the two campaigns, she accused Sanders of going down a  “destructive path” during the New York race.

Including superdelegates, the race stands at 1,930 for Clinton and 1,189 for Sanders.

Sanders, though, has given some mixed signals on the heels of his New York loss.

He took a day off from the campaign trail Wednesday to return to Vermont.

And senior adviser Tad Devine, calling next week a “big week,” said: ""We'll see how we do there and then we'll be able to sit back and assess where we are.""

But Sanders continued to claim in fundraising memos they could still win.

He told reporters after landing in Burlington, Vt., that he’d get recharged in Vermont, and thinks he can do well in the five primaries next week. He plans to return to the campaign trail in Pennsylvania on Thursday.

Few in the Democratic Party expect Sanders to exit the race formally before the final contests in June. He continues to attract tens of thousands to rallies -- addressing more than 28,000 in Brooklyn two days before the primary. And he continues to raise millions of dollars, giving him fodder for a persistent fight.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
4128,"Surviving escaped prisoner likely fatigued and prone to mistakes, police say","Police searching for the second of two escaped prisoners who pulled off an elaborate breakout from a maximum-security New York prison three weeks ago say that the remaining escapee is fatigued and likely to make a mistake after law enforcement officers shot and killed his accomplice Friday.

Hundreds of law enforcement officers have converged on a wooded area 30 miles from the Clinton Correctional Facility with helicopters and search dogs, where David Sweat is believed to be hiding. Sweat and fellow escapee Richard Matt escaped from the maximum-security prison in Dannemora about three weeks ago.

Matt was shot Friday afternoon after an encounter with border patrol agents.

About 1,200 searchers focused intensely on 22 square miles Saturday encompassing thick forests and heavy brush around where Matt was killed.

Franklin County Sheriff Kevin Mulverhill told Fox News that police are very motivated after Friday's events, while Sweat is likely fatigued, increasing the chances he will slip up.

""He's been out of prison for three weeks. He's been on the run for three weeks,"" Mulverhill said. ""He's in this area, he's now lost his cellmate, his escapemate is gone, he's alone.""

""If he's in this perimeter, we're pushing him we're moving him around,"" Mulverhill said.  He's tired, he's going to make a mistake.""

Sweat also could have an even tougher time now without someone to take turns resting with and watch his back, said Clinton County Sheriff David Favro.

""Now it's a one-man show and it makes it more difficult for him,"" Favro said. ""And I'm sure fatigue is setting in for him as well, knowing the guy he was with has already been shot.""

Authorities said Matt was shot by a border patrol agent when he failed to comply with orders in the woods near a cabin where a shot had been fired earlier in the day at a camping trailer. A 20-gauge shotgun was found on Matt, though he didn’t fire it at officers, authorities said.

""They verbally challenged him, told him to put up his hands. And at that time, he was shot when he didn't comply,"" New York State Police Superintendent Joseph D'Amico said at a news conference late Friday.

The breakthrough came Friday shortly before 2 p.m., when a person towing a camper head a loud sound and thought a tire had blown out. Finding the tire intact, the driver drove another eight miles before discovering a bullet hole.

Authorities converged on the location where the sound was heard and discovered the smell of gunfire inside a cabin. D’Amico said there was also evidence someone had fled out the back door.

A noise -- perhaps a cough -- ultimately did Matt in. A border patrol team discovered Matt, who was shot after failing to heed a command to raise his hands.

""As we were doing the ground search in the area, there was movement detected by officers on the ground, what they believed to be coughs. So they knew that they were dealing with humans as opposed to wildlife,"" he said.

""We have a lot of people in the area. We have canines and we have a decent perimeter set up and we're searching for Sweat at this time,"" he said.

The pair escaped the prison together on June 6. Gov. Andrew Cuomo called them “dangerous, dangerous men.”

Police blocked off all roads as officers hunted for Sweat in an area around Titusville Mountain State Forest in Malone, spanning 22 square miles.

Mitch Johnson said one of his best friends checked on his hunting cabin in Malone Friday afternoon and called police after noticing the scent of grape flavored gin as soon as he stepped into his cabin and spotting the bottle that had gone untouched for years resting on a kitchen table.

Johnson said his friend, correction officer Bob Willett, told him he summoned police about an hour before Matt was fatally shot and then heard a flurry of gun blasts.

Matt and Sweat used power tools to saw through a steel cell wall and several steel steam pipes, bashed a hole through a 2-foot-thick brick wall, and squirmed through pipes to escape.

Sweat was serving a sentence of life without parole in the killing of a sheriff's deputy in Broome County in 2002. Matt was serving 25 years to life for the killing and dismembering of his former boss.

A civilian worker at the prison has been charged with helping the killers flee by giving them hacksaw blades, chisels and other tools.

Prosecutors said Joyce Mitchell, a prison tailoring shop instructor who got close to the men while working with them, had agreed to be their getaway driver but backed out because she felt guilty for participating. Mitchell pleaded not guilty June 15 to charges including felony promoting prison contraband.

Authorities said the men had filled their beds in their adjacent cells with clothes to make it appear they were sleeping when guards made overnight rounds. On a cut steam pipe, the prisoners left a taunting note containing a crude caricature of an Asian face and the words ""Have a nice day.""

Clinton County District Attorney Andrew Wylie said they apparently used tools stored by prison contractors, taking care to return them to their toolboxes after each night's work.

On June 24, authorities charged Clinton correction officer Gene Palmer with promoting prison contraband, tampering with physical evidence and official misconduct. Officials said he gave the two prisoners the frozen hamburger meat Joyce Mitchell had used to hide the tools she smuggled to Sweat and Matt. Palmer's attorney said he had no knowledge that the meat contained hacksaw blades, a bit and a screwdriver.

Dannemora, built in 1845, occupies just over 1 square mile within the northern reaches of the Adirondack Forest Preserve and is surrounded by forest and farmland. The stark white perimeter wall of the prison, topped with guard towers, borders a main street in the village's business district.

The escape was the first in history from Clinton Correctional's maximum-security portion. In July 2003, two convicted murderers used tools from a carpentry shop at Elmira Correctional Facility to dig a hole in the roof of their cell and a rope of bedsheets to go over the wall. They were captured within three days, and a subsequent state investigation cited lax inmate supervision, poor tool control and incomplete cell searches.

The Associated Press and Fox News' Rick Leventhal contributed to this report",1
662,Clinton and Sanders neck and neck in California primary,"No matter who wins California's 475 delegates on Tuesday, Clinton may have to woo the state's Sanders supporters as well as Trump fans before the Democratic convention – and possibly beyond.

With the California primary election looming Tuesday, it is still unclear which Democratic candidate will win one of the largest states' 475 delegates. To hear Hillary Clinton tell it, she's on the verge of beating Bernie Sanders in the Golden State and beyond, but the Vermont senator has told supporters that they're gaining ground, and stand a strong chance of cinching the primaries.

In the past few days, Mrs. Clinton has traveled the state in hopes of winning over the the delegates she needs in order to exceed 2,383 and get the nomination. ""I'm very proud of the campaign we're running here, and I believe, on Tuesday, I will have decisively won the popular vote and I will have decisively won the pledged delegate majority,"" she said on CNN's ""State of the Union.""

Senator Sanders' campaign, however, protests that delegate math and money don't tell the whole story. He's not ready to back down — especially with the strong coalition of supporters he has in California.

""It is extremely unlikely that Secretary Clinton will have the requisite number of pledged delegates to claim victory on Tuesday night,"" Sanders  told reporters in Los Angeles on Saturday, according to CNN. ""At the end of the nominating process, no candidate will have enough pledged delegates to call the campaign a victory. That will be dependent upon superdelegates. In other words, the Democratic National Convention will be a contested convention.""

Some Clinton fans, in particular, fear the continued intra-party fight will risk Democrats' unity ahead of the general election, leaving them vulnerable against presumed Republican nominee Donald Trump. Even if Clinton wins the nomination, part of her energy will need to go towards wooing ""Bernie or Bust"" supporters, instead of focusing on existing Trump voters alone.

Twenty-five percent of Sanders supporters said they would not vote for Clinton in the general election if she were the nominee against Trump, according to a Quinnipiac University poll. The ""Bernie or Bust"" movement may be even stronger in California, where the USC Dornsife/LA Times poll indicated that Clinton lagged behind Sanders 43 percent to 44 percent among registered voters. Only 65 percent of those who are voting Sanders in the California primary said they would definitely support Clinton in the case of a Clinton-Trump face off.

After Puerto Rico's primary on Sunday, Clinton holds 1,809 delegates and 548 superdelegates, for a total of 2,357. Winning the nomination calls for at least 2,382. During the Democratic primaries on Tuesday (when party voters head to the polls in California, New Jersey, the Dakotas, Montana, and New Mexico) 694 delegates, including 475 delegates in California, will be at stake.

Sanders also swept through California this past weekend, verbally attacking Trump, but also telling supporters the Democratic game wasn't over. If they turn out in force on Tuesday, he said, he'll be in a stronger position to capture superdelegates.

""If we can win, and win big here in California and in the other states, and in Washington D.C., we are going to go into the Democratic convention with enormous momentum,"" Sanders told listeners during a rally outside the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum. ""With your help, I believe, we will come out with the nomination.""",1
1220,"Why pundits, politicians and the press hate Ted Cruz","Senator Ted Cruz is now the frontrunner in the Republican race for the White House.

But if you believe the Mainstream Media and the political pundits -- Marco Rubio won the Iowa Caucus.

Click here to get Todd’s American Dispatch – a must-read for conservatives!

Just look at Tuesday's news coverage -- they marginalized Senator Cruz -- and glorified Senator Rubio.

And that's the narrative. Cruz may have won -- but Rubio is more electable. And yet... the numbers in Iowa tell a very different story.

One out of three evangelical voters chose Cruz -- so did four out of ten very conservative voters.

And 26 percent of young voters -- 18 to 29 - -- they didn't vote for Rubio -- they also voted for Cruz.

The voters recognize  a simple truth. Senator Cruz has been a man of his word -- a principled conservative -- and that is something the Establishment cannot tolerate.

“What we are seeing is evangelicals who have been dormant in the political process that are turning out,” said Tony Perkins, president of the Family Research Council. “It’s something we haven’t seen in a number of years.”

Perkins, who has endorsed Cruz, told me the voters are not interested in a moderate candidate. They don’t want someone in the “middle.”

“There’s nothing in the middle of the road but yellow stripes and dead animals,” Perkins said.

Looking back on the results in Iowa, Perkins said there should be one take-away for voters.

“Do not listen to the pundits or the polls – but vote your values,” he said. “It was values voters and the return of those voters that put Ted Cruz over the top.”

It's not that the pundits and politicos hate Senator Cruz - they know he can't be controlled -- and that has them terrified.

Todd Starnes is host of Fox News & Commentary, heard on hundreds of radio stations. His latest book is ""God Less America: Real Stories From the Front Lines of the Attack on Traditional Values."" Follow Todd on Twitter @ToddStarnes and find him on Facebook.

",1
4099,"Just the Beginning? Religious Freedom, Gay Rights Battle Turns Ugly","Ten months after the Supreme Court passed a landmark case on gay marriage, a backlash against the ruling is spreading across the country.

Thirty-four states are considering new bills that would protect Christians from the threat of legal action because they object to gay marriage on religious grounds.

It's shaping up to be a fierce debate as gay activists and people of faith battle for their rights to be protected.

Business owners Dick and Betty Odgaards' story should serve as a warning of what happens when so-called religious freedom laws are not in place to protect people of faith.

On August 3, 2013, a gay couple asked the Odgaards if they could rent their gallery in Iowa for a same-sex wedding.

""They came in, and Dick was there, and he was the one who had to deliver the bad news to them,"" Betty recalled.

The Odgaards refused, citing their Christian belief that marriage should be between one man and one woman.

""I don't want to celebrate my sins. I don't want other people to celebrate my sins, nor do I want to participate in celebrating anybody else's sins,"" Richard said.

The gay couple sued them for discrimination and after a two-year court battle, rather than celebrate gay marriages, the Christian couple paid the couple a fine and agreed to stop hosting weddings at the gallery.

""It has been difficult. I won't lie,"" Betty acknowledged. ""It has been the hardest thing we've ever been through and I don't wish it upon anyone.""

Their decision cost them dearly. After months of negative publicity, hate mail, death threats and loss of income, the Gortz Haus Gallery went out of business last year.

""The ugly continues to come at us, but I wouldn't want to be anywhere else and we would do it all over again the same way because we are in the middle of God's will,"" Betty told CBN News.

Since last summer's Supreme Court decision legalizing same-sex marriage, more than 100 religious freedom bills have been proposed in 34 states to protect Christians and others from the threat of legal action because they object to gay marriage on religious grounds.

Take for example the new law just passed in Mississippi.

""The Mississippi law says if you believe marriage is the union of one man and one woman, that sex is reserved for marriage and that we are created male and female -- it doesn't say you have to believe those things -- but it says if you do believe those things, we are not going to penalize you if you act on those beliefs,"" explained Dr. Ryan Anderson, a senior fellow with the Washington, D.C-based Heritage Foundation.

In Louisiana and Ohio, lawmakers are also proposing measures that protect pastors who refuse to perform same-sex marriages.

Anderson said the accusation that these religious freedom laws are discriminatory against gays and lesbians just isn't true.

""I think the basic argument here is that we are trying to protect pluralism, we're trying to protect diversity, we're promoting tolerance,"" he said.

But some of the laws have been met with fierce opposition from businesses, activists and celebrities.

For instance, North Carolina's governor was forced to roll back portions of a controversial new state law after several companies criticized the law and others threatened to stop their businesses in the state.

""I think this just shows you that what's taking place is a form of cronyism, it's cultural cronyism,"" Anderson said. ""Big business is using their marketing freedom to deny little businesses and religious people their religious freedom.""

What is clear though is that the backlash from last year's Supreme Court decision has brought religious freedom concerns to the forefront this spring.

Many Americans believe that the battle over gay rights versus protecting people's religious convictions is just beginning.",1
878,Ten inconsistencies in Donald Trump's big foreign policy address,"For a speech purporting to challenge Washington’s accepted wisdom, there was much that was familiar about Donald Trump’s first big foreign policy address, not least the customary certainty of its delivery.



A call to challenge radical Islam through “philosophical struggle” as well as military force might even have come from the lips of Barack Obama. Certainly no mainstream Republican would ever disagree with the somewhat motherhood-and-apple-pie exhortation for US presidents to view the world “through the clear lens of American interests”.

But how closely the speech stands up to detailed scrutiny is already the subject of fierce political debate. Madeleine Albright, the former secretary of state put up to respond on behalf of the Hillary Clinton campaign, claimed she had never seen so many “simplistic slogans, contradictions and misstatements” in one speech. Trump’s supporters argue instead that he was at his strongest, skewering the inconsistencies of the Democratic establishment’s approach under Obama and Clinton.

Here are 10 passages that suggest Trump may instead be doing what all politicians like doing best: having his cake and eating it.

Some groups “will never be anything but our enemies”, Trump said after attacking Obama for doing deals with Iran. Only he claimed shortly afterwards: “The world must know we do not go abroad in search of enemies, that we are always happy when old enemies become friends, and when old friends become allies.”



Trump also blasted Obama for letting down existing overseas partners, promising “America is going to be a reliable friend and ally again”. Yet he delivers warnings about paying for Nato membership that might sound more like blackmail to some. “The countries we are defending must pay for the cost of this defense – and, if not, the US must be prepared to let these countries defend themselves.”

He was also ambiguous about America’s role in promoting democracy in the world, claiming “we are getting out of the nation-building business” but then adding: “I will work with our allies to reinvigorate western values and institutions.” He also argued that promoting “western civilization and its accomplishments will do more to inspire positive reforms around the world”.

Then there is the standard section of any recent US presidential speech that calls on Middle East nations to do more to fight Islamic extremism. “This has to be a two-way street. They must also be good to us and remember us and all we are doing for them,” he said of allies in the region. These comments might have more clout coming from someone who had not recently offended much of the Muslim world by threatening to ban their citizens from entering the US.

Some criticisms of Obama’s “humiliations” at the hands of foreign governments do not stand up to much scrutiny either. Trump said that Obama was snubbed during recent state visits to Cuba and Saudi Arabia because he was not greeted at the airport by a senior leader. “Perhaps an incident without precedent in the long and prestigious history of Air Force One,” claims Trump. Strangely, the Queen’s decision to send the lord-lieutenant of Essex – hardly the most prestigious of British officials – to meet Obama at London’s Stansted airport last week was not mentioned, perhaps because it is a pretty standard way of doing things.

A similar non sequitur arises in criticism of Obama’s failed attempt to persuade the International Olympic Committee to award the 2016 Summer Games to Chicago. The president should not have flown all the way to the IOC meeting in Copenhagen if he did not already know they were going to award the games to the US, argued Trump. But what would have been the point of flying all that way to lobby for something that had already been secured?

Perhaps Trump is just trying to live up to his maxim of keeping the world guessing. “We have to be unpredictable and we have to be unpredictable starting now,” he argued at the start of the speech. Except, by the end, he argued for the virtues of a more transparent and principled approach: “The best way to achieve those goals is through a disciplined, deliberate and consistent foreign policy.”

Sometimes it is best not to apply too much mathematics. Trump claimed, for example, that “there are scores of recent migrants inside our borders charged with terrorism”, an assertion already open to dispute, but went on to add on top “for every case known to the public there are dozens and dozens more”. If “scores” means at least 40, then by this logic, Trump is claiming the existence of around 1,000 more people than anyone else has.

If the speech has one abiding slogan, it too could have done with some more fact-checking. Putting America first sounds at first just like an extension of Trump’s hallmark promise to make America great again. Yet it also harks back to the America First Committee of the 1940s, a group set up to prevent the US from joining the second world war, only to be disbanded three days after the attack on Pearl Harbor.

But perhaps this just points to the biggest contradiction of the speech: the tension between its isolationism and its interventionism. At once, Trump urges more of a pragmatic and realist approach to the exercise of US power, unconstrained by the niceties of political correctness, and yet blasts Obama for having “no vision, no purpose, no direction, no strategy”.

It is perhaps unfair, however, to dwell too closely on textual analysis of a speech clearly written by a number of people. “We will no longer surrender this country or its people to the false song of globalism” is a powerful line, but it does not sound very much like it was written by the same man who told a rally in Pennsylvania on Monday: “Do I look like a president? How handsome am I?”",1
92,"White Kids Get Medicated When They Misbehave, Black Kids Get Suspended — or Arrested","In recent years, as a national conversation about racial discrepancies in American policing has heated up, a depressing subplot has also emerged: a pattern of similar discrepancies in how discipline is meted out in schools. Black students made up just 18 percent of students in the public schools sampled by the New York Times in 2012, but “they accounted for 35 percent of those suspended once” and 39 percent of those expelled — examining federal data, the Times also noted that “nationwide, more than 70 percent of students involved in arrests or referrals to court are black or Hispanic.” Even black preschoolers were not exempt: They made up the same 18 percent of the student population, but constituted half of all suspensions.

As everyone from the Times to the ACLU has noted, the enactment of tough “zero-tolerance” policies in schools has led to the criminalization of what had previously been viewed as minor disciplinary issues. Zero-tolerance often mandates that students be suspended — even referred to law enforcement and arrested — for minor transgressions: Until a 2013 rule change, Los Angeles students routinely received automatic suspensions for refusing to take off their hats (this fell under a category of violation called “willful defiance”), while a Florida district, the sixth largest in the country, set a state record for student arrests in a jurisdiction in 2011, primarily on charges of possessing small amounts of marijuana and spraying graffiti. The ACLU has called this phenomenon the “school-to-prison pipeline.”

Now, a new paper in SAGE takes a closer look at how race and class affect school districts’ approaches to punishment, but also examines another important element of school discipline: Some disruptive kids, rather than being punished, are “medicalized” — that is, eventually given diagnoses, therapy, and/or medication as a result of behavioral problems. As “problem behaviors such as inattention, hyperactivity, and defiance of adult authority have received increased attention” since the 1990s, the study notes, schools have increasingly sought treatment and made special provisions for disruptive students through mental-health provisions in state and federal legislation.

For the study, David M. Ramey, of Pennsylvania State University’s department of sociology and criminology, used data from over 60,000 schools in 6,000 districts to examine trends in how schools’ racial and socioeconomic makeup impacted how they dealt with misbehaving students.

Among other things, he found that:

If you’re a black student or you’re poor, you’re far more likely to be punished than offered behavioral treatment when you misbehave.

There was a strong correlation between the percentage of black students in a school and the rates of punitive discipline, and an inverse relationship between the percentage of black students and the rate of behavioral treatment. “Schools with more black students relative to other schools in the district had higher rates of suspension or expulsion and police referral or arrest” than other in-district schools, the study notes, and also had substantially lower rates of enrollment in mental-health and special education programs. Students in more socioeconomically disadvantaged districts are also far more likely to face criminalized punishment than kids in more affluent areas, in part, Ramey thinks, because criminalized punishment is cheaper than mental-health treatment, and these districts are often strapped for cash. Here, race and class are — as is so often the case — inextricably linked.

Ramey draws on prior work in the field to demonstrate that the far higher rates of criminalization black students experience may be the result of endemic bias on the part of school officials. An American Psychological Association study found that black boys are perceived as older and less innocent than their white peers, and some studies indicate teachers can suffer from the fundamental attribution error, attributing minority children’s misbehavior to different causes than they do white children’s. Ramey notes how one study found that schools blame “poor parenting, cultural deficiencies, and poor character” for bad behavior among racial minority children, and see that behavior as permanent and leading almost inexorably to involvement with the criminal justice system. Further, a study on enrollment in special education programs found that “teachers and administrators are less likely to attribute minority students’ misbehavior to underlying behavior disorders,” which could be ameliorated with mental-health treatment.

When school officials are given more leeway in how they discipline students, the role of race is more apparent in their decision-making.

“In disadvantaged districts,” says Ramey, “the school board tends to have a lot more power in setting disciplinary policy, in particular at the top, and it’s followed relatively uniformly across the schools.” A district might mandate metal detectors or zero-tolerance policies, for example, and every school follows those policies, regardless of the makeup of the student body. In more affluent districts, things are different. There, Ramey says, “The schools and administrators are allowed a greater degree of autonomy.” School boards outline a disciplinary guideline (usually tied to government funding through state or federal law) that they want to meet, but individual schools have more flexibility in how they meet them, be it through tougher punitive discipline or the expansion of mental-health programs. “This is where you see race really mattering,” Ramey says. “The predominantly black schools in advantaged districts have much higher levels of suspension than predominantly white schools in advantaged districts. Conversely, predominantly black schools have much lower rates of [mental-health-program] enrollment than predominantly white schools in advantaged districts.”

Some schools have come to mirror the adult criminal justice and mental-health systems in how they deal with problematic behavior.

For most of the United States’ industrialized existence, working-class schools tried to reproduce the organization and principles of the industrial labor force: vocational skills, and an emphasis on the values of order, compliance, efficiency, and uniformity. But various theories hold that as the U.S. manufacturing economy and its labor system fled overseas in the second half of the 20th century, the criminal justice and mental-health systems replaced it as a model for how schools should be run. Ramey says that some of the discrepancies in these systems are mirrored in U.S. schools: “There are racial inequalities in the mental-health system across the life course, and it’s the same with the criminal justice system.” Like their adult counterparts, children of color are far more likely than white children to be pulled into the criminal justice system. Like adults, they are far less likely to seek out or be referred to mental-health professionals for treatment. “A lot of these structural inequalities we see in adult systems of social control are reproduced throughout childhood,” says Ramey.

Of course, it’s not all cut-and-dried: The sources of racial disparities in treatment, for instance, do not lie exclusively within these larger systems. Black families have been shown to be “skeptical of medical and mental-health research, particularly contested and controversial issues like ADHD,” and are therefore less likely to seek out treatment, while predominantly Latino schools see less medicalized and criminalized discipline, all things being equal. “Some of the research,” Ramey says, “suggests that Hispanics and Hispanic families in Hispanic schools — in particular first-generation immigrants — tend to avoid social control institutions altogether, be it the criminal justice system, the mental-health system, or the medical system,” often due to language barriers, immigration status, and other concerns.

More research is definitely needed in this area, both because of limitations in this analysis (it does not look at the treatment of a black individual compared to a white one for the same behavior at the same school, for example) and the gravity of the issue. There is clearly a discrepancy in how schools respond to bad behavior based on the racial and socioeconomic makeup of their student bodies, but there are still plenty of unanswered questions about the details.",1
1545,Talk radio rallies around Ted Cruz,"Killing Obama administration rules, dismantling Obamacare and pushing through tax reform are on the early to-do list.",1
3517,Footage shows suspects in Brussels attack,"Brussels, Belgium (CNN) In grainy images from surveillance footage, a man wearing light-colored clothes and a hat pushes a baggage cart through the airport.

It's one key piece of evidence authorities are looking at as they search for suspects after two explosions at the Brussels airport and another at a busy subway station in the Belgian capital Tuesday killed at least 30 people and wounded 230 others.

ISIS claimed responsibility for the coordinated attacks, but authorities said it's too soon to say for sure whether the terror group was behind the blasts.

So far, police have released photos of three men they say are suspects tied to the airport attack, standing side-by-side.

Two of the men, wearing black in surveillance images, are believed to be suicide bombers who died in the explosions in the airport's departure lounge.

But investigators believe the one in light-colored clothing planted a bomb at the airport, then left. Authorities called him a wanted man and asked for the public's help tracking him down.

""The third man left a bomb in the airport, but it didn't explode. ... And we are now looking for this guy,"" Belgium's Interior Minister Jan Jambon said.

A photograph released by investigators shows the three suspects side-by-side.

Federal Prosecutor Frederic Van Leeuw said the two men wearing black in the photograph were likely the suicide attackers.

Video shows the men exiting a taxi and moving through the airport, according to two U.S. officials. The man dressed in white left the airport after accompanying the other two, they said -- a move the officials said appeared to be planned.

A break in the investigation may have come from a taxi driver who took the suspects to the airport.

The driver contacted authorities after seeing surveillance footage and gave them the address where he picked the men up, according to two U.S. officials briefed on the investigation.

That information prompted authorities to raid a residence after the attacks, the officials said.

Investigators found a nail bomb, chemical products and an ISIS flag during a house search in the northeast Brussels neighborhood of Schaerbeek, Belgium's federal prosecutor said in a statement.

Hours later, they were still combing through the building for evidence.

Security was high. At one point, a helicopter hovered overhead, carrying a sniper with a weapon trained on the building.

As masked, armed officers stood guard outside the building, the burst of camera flashes inside could be seen from the street below. Officers left the building carrying bags of evidence they loaded onto vehicles.

A Belgian government representative told CNN that 10 people were killed and 100 wounded at Brussels' international airport. At least 20 people died and 130 were wounded at the Maelbeek metro station, officials said.

The blasts sent wounded people fleeing into the streets, spurred evacuations of nuclear plants and transit hubs and led to raids in some areas as authorities searched for suspects and evidence.

Authorities in Belgium have been trying to crack down on terror threats for months as they raided homes in the area in search of suspects. Tuesday's violence came just days after investigators closed in on Europe's most wanted man, Paris attacks suspect Salah Abdeslam, who was hiding out in a Brussels suburb.

On Tuesday, Belgian Prime Minister Charles Michel deflected a question about whether there is any link between the attacks and the Belgium-born French citizen's capture, saying it is too early to tell.

Michel said Tuesday he had ""no information"" about who was responsible for the attack, adding that authorities will find that out, but now their focus is on caring for the victims.

Two senior U.S. officials told CNN they believe the Belgium attack is tied to the same network as Abdeslam.

One of the two airport explosions happened outside security checkpoints for ticketed passengers and near the airline check-in counters, an airline official briefed on the situation said.

The subway station blast happened about an hour later in the Brussels district of Maelbeek, near the European Quarter, where European Union institutions are based.

""We were fearing terrorist attacks,"" Michel told reporters Tuesday. ""And that has now happened.""

But for survivors of Tuesday's blasts, the repeated warnings from officials in recent months didn't dull the shock of seeing the carnage.

""You cannot believe it; you cannot believe it,"" said Jef Versele, who was in the airport's departure hall when bombs exploded there. ""It was so insane. Not in my backyard.""

The second blast inside the airport blew out windows, created a lot of smoke and caused parts of the ceiling to fall, he added.

""People were on the floor,"" Versele said, estimating he saw 50 to 60 who were thrown to the ground and didn't seem to be able to walk.

Anthony Barrett saw the wounded carried out on stretchers and luggage carts as he watched from his hotel across from the terminal building.

""I could see people fleeing,"" he said.

After the attacks in Brussels, the home of NATO and the capital of the European Union, leaders inside Belgium and beyond vowed not to back down in their fight against terror.

In Belgium, where officials declared three days of national mourning, Michel offered a resolute message to those who supported and cheered the attackers.

""To those who have chosen to be barbarous enemies of freedom, democracy and fundamental values ... we remain united as one,"" Michel said. ""We are determined to defend our freedoms and to protect our liberties.""

In its message claiming responsibility, ISIS noted that Belgium is one of the nations ""participating in the international coalition against the Islamic State.""

A Twitter post widely circulated by prominent ISIS backers Tuesday featured the words, ""What will be coming is worse.""",1
5252,Why Sanders supporters cannot back Gary Johnson: His libertarianism is antithetical to the senator’s Democratic socialism,"At the Libertarian Town Hall on CNN earlier this month, the Libertarian Party’s presidential candidate Gary Johnson and his running mate Bill Weld made a pitch to both “Never-Hillary” and “Never-Trump” voters on the left and right of the political spectrum as the sane and principled third-party alternative for 2016. And whether you agree or disagree with what the two former governors had to say, it’s hard to deny their likability — especially in an election where the two major party candidates are as thoroughly unlikable as Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton.

Johnson and Weld presumably have a better shot at appealing to Never-Trump conservatives than Never-Hillary liberals or leftists (whose political views align much more with the Green Party’s Jill Stein), but the former New Mexico governor did make a compelling pitch — superficially, at least — to disaffected Bernie Sanders supporters at the Town Hall. And while polls indicate that the majority of the democratic socialist’s supporters will vote for Clinton in November, there is a minority faction that will be voting their conscience — and Johnson is certainly in a position to woo some of these voters.

With this undoubtedly in the back of his mind, the libertarian candidate said that he and Bernie are similar “on about 75 percent of what’s out there,” from marriage equality and reproductive rights, to the legalization of marijuana and the end of futile military interventions overseas. From an “economic standpoint,” however, Johnson admitted disagreement:

“If Bernie supporters are really looking for income equality, I don’t think that is something that government can accomplish. Taking from Peter to rob Paul, that’s an equation that Peter really loves. But if Bernie supporters are looking for equal opportunity, I think that is something that can be accomplished. … In politics, you can definitely stand up for equal opportunity.”

It was a cogent response that included an acknowledgement that “crony capitalism is alive and well” — something that libertarians and leftists have long agreed on (and equally object to). But apart from this, Johnson’s economic worldview is diametrically opposed to Sanders’ egalitarian vision of social democracy — and this should be enough to stop the latter’s supporters from voting for the former.

In the economic realm, right-wing libertarians (as opposed to left libertarians or “libertarian socialists”) are essentially classical economic liberals who reject most of the social democratic reforms that were enacted throughout the capitalist world during the 20th century. Instead of a mixed economy, libertarians advocate laissez faire capitalism and profess that even minimal state intervention in the economy will lead to tyranny — or serfdom, as the famous libertarian philosopher F. A. Hayek put it in his influential book “The Road to Serfdom” (this didn’t pan out, of course — instead, it was the welfare state that likely prevented more radical assaults on capitalism in the West).

In his statement, Johnson said that he doesn’t believe that the government can reduce economic inequality — which has soared over the past forty years — and equated redistributive measures to theft. This alone reveals the candidates dogmatic worldview. The social democratic reforms of the 20th century clearly demonstrate that wealth and income inequality can be curbed within a capitalist economy (and should be if leaders want to achieve greater economic and political stability). While Johnson is less fanatical than some of his party colleagues (indeed, he is considered too moderate by many libertarians), he is still undoubtedly the most extreme candidate of 2016 on economic matters. He opposes corporate taxation, supports privatized healthcare, advocates eliminating the progressive income tax and replacing them with a regressive consumption tax, and is a proponent of widespread economic deregulation and privatization (including the privatization of prisons).

Libertarianism may sound good on paper — championing individualism and maximum freedom; but in practice, its laissez faire prescriptions would result in corporate tyranny, the very opposite of freedom (libertarians are so consumed with the threat of state tyranny that they seem unable to even consider the very real threat of private tyranny, or as Noam Chomsky has described it, “tyranny by unaccountable private concentrations of wealth”). G. A. Cohen, the father of analytical Marxism and notable critic of libertarianism, discussed how private property actually inhibits the freedom of the ownerless in his essay “Capitalism, Freedom, Proletariat”: “Private property, like any system of rights, pretty well is a particular way of distributing freedom and unfreedom. It is necessarily associated with the liberty of private owners to do as they wish with what they own, but it no less necessarily withdraws liberty from those who do not own it. To think of capitalism as a realm of freedom is to overlook half of its nature.” Now, there was a time when the rugged individualism and minimal state intervention that libertarians advocate could have conceivably produced a greater degree of freedom: namely, in a pre-capitalist, pre-industrial economy — before the prevalence of wage-labor and the advent of multinational corporations, when independent producers (e.g. yeoman farmers, artisans, etc.) who sold their own commodities on the market (or simply produced for subsistence) were the dominant economic players. But in a modern corporate capitalist economy in which the richest 20 citizens control more wealth than the bottom half (about 152 million people in America), these notions are not only antiquated, but inimical to both freedom and democracy. Thus, a Bernie Sanders supporter would have to be grossly uninformed to go from backing the democratic socialist senator to a libertarian like Johnson. Yes, there are similarities between the two; but their political philosophies are so antithetical to each other — particularly when it comes to political economy — that the single issues where there is some agreement are basically irrelevant. Libertarianism is fundamentally opposed to the egalitarian and democratic values that Sanders represents.",1
219,Paul Ryan’s biggest early challenge: Finding a ‘routine’ as House speaker,"Paul D. Ryan is a bit of a control freak: Each day should have a similar rhythm, each meeting should begin on time, each day should end like the day before.

All of which makes his new job as speaker of the House, overseeing a raucous caucus of 246 Republicans, an odd fit for this very Type A personality. This past week was an early test. “I’m really kind of into routines, so I’m still working on getting a routine established,” Ryan (R-Wis.) told reporters Thursday in a roundtable discussion.

Ryan, 45, whose German mother instilled a rigid discipline in him, can’t even get over the fact that the speaker, by tradition, skips most House votes to conduct more meetings in office suites off the chamber floor: “I just like having routines, and I can get more done that way.”

With three weeks under his belt as speaker, Ryan has learned that the routine business of Congress can turn on a dime, for almost any reason. He’s aware that his words carry more weight now, and he’s aware that some weeks he’s not going to be able to live up to his promises of letting the House conduct business in a completely transparent fashion.

One week he was promoting a wide-open, free-flowing system of dozens of amendments for a highway funding plan, winning an impressive bipartisan vote. The next week brought the exact opposite, with a rushed bill to tighten safety requirements for Syrian refugees in the wake of terrorist attacks in Paris. No committee considered the legislation, no amendments were allowed, and the bill was made public about 40 hours before it was voted on by the House.

[House passes bill to tighten flow of Syrian refugees over Obama’s objection]

That inflicted whiplash on some lawmakers, but it demonstrated that Ryan understands that the ultimate judgment of his tenure will be based on results as much as, if not more than, the process used to achieve those results.

In the 35-minute session, Ryan said that the decision to rush the legislation — which calls for tighter screenings of refugees before they can be admitted — was actually driven by the lawmakers themselves. Despite their repeated outcries for an open process, once they saw the impact of terrorism in Paris, lawmakers reverted to their most basic political instinct and demanded that something be approved before they left Thursday for a 10-day recess over the Thanksgiving holiday.

“Most members said we need to act before we leave, we need to act before the recess,” Ryan said. “People came from intelligence briefings saying, ‘You need to do something.’ ”

So Ryan obliged, setting up a process he admitted was “outside the realm of regular order” and scored a big political win, getting more than a two-thirds majority, enough to overrule a presidential veto. He said that with so much fear of terrorist attacks, the public just needed to see Congress get something done.

“If we had a free-for-all on the floor, who knows what the outcome would be, and I think that the country is very worried and the country wants to see us doing something,” he said. But he also ran into some familiar partisan turbulence.

Despite Ryan’s assertion to have consulted Democrats, the ranking Democrat on the Homeland Security Committee said he had no part in the legislation and described it as a “gotcha bill” that will not make the nation any safer.

“We probably say things to get where we are, position-wise,” Rep. Bennie Thompson (Miss.) said after Thursday’s vote, during which nearly 50 Democrats rejected White House pleas and voted with Ryan. “But once we get there, it’s not nearly as easy to govern with new rules as we thought.”

The high-profile victory was an odd one for a new speaker who has staked so much of his reputation on advancing deep policy proposals, eschewing so-called show votes that are more designed to protect political flanks back home.

Even Ryan said that the real concern for national security was a visa waiver program that lacks proper protocols and the emerging threat of homegrown terrorists inspired by overseas events, and that those threats could make their way across the Atlantic Ocean.

“Common sense and prudence dictate that we be on higher alert and that we cannot assume that Paris was a one-and-done event,” he said.

House Minority Whip Steny H. Hoyer (D-Md.) mocked Ryan’s quick turnaround to flush a bill through the House so quickly, suggesting that the increasingly conservative tone of the Republican presidential primary campaign would “reflect” the congressional dysfunction and boost Democrats in next year’s elections. Some GOP presidential hopefuls called for a full stop of any Syrian refugees while some also called for allowing only Christian refugees.

The speaker said that his motivations were based on what he heard from House Republicans on Capitol Hill.

“I don’t even know all of their positions, to be candid,” he said of the presidential aspirants. “I’ve been busy doing my job.”

[Republican candidates move to keep Muslim refugees out]

The speaker’s newly fumigated office — the smoke-filled paint left behind by Camel-smoking John A. Boehner was chipped off, the carpet cleaned multiple times — has proven to be comfortable in the early days. “It smells better in here,” Ryan joked.

But once Congress returns after Thanksgiving, Ryan’s routine will revert to what the speaker dismissively calls “the chores”: passing a compromised version of the highway bill through the House and Senate, approving a new K-12 education program and finally, by Dec. 11, a massive funding plan for federal agencies.

Each of these issues is either many months, or many years, behind schedule, so Ryan views them as cleaning up other leaders’ messes. They will again test his ethos for opening up the House, a demand from the conservative flank that so bedeviled Boehner he became only the second speaker to resign midterm in the past 50 years.

He claims to be one of those far-right conservatives, that he is of their ilk and not trying to force them to bend to his will. “You have to understand, I come from the conservative wing of the party, I’m a movement conservative who comes from this part of our party. People know that, you know. So a lot of these guys are pretty good friends of mine,” he said.

If only he can figure out a routine, again, he might make it work.

“Time management has always been challenging. It’s just even more challenging,” he said, shaking his head. “I’m really weird about time management and punctuality, and I just want to make sure I can stay on top of those things.”",1
3003,Barack Obama says memory of Hiroshima 'must never fade',"Barack Obama called on the world to choose a future where Hiroshima was considered “the start of our own moral awakening”, as he became the first sitting US president to visit the Japanese city, 71 years after its bombing ushered in the nuclear age he vowed to bring to an end.

In a scene many survivors of the US bombing believed they would never live to see, Obama laid a floral wreath at a memorial to the dead of the world’s first atomic bombing, pausing in a moment of contemplation, his head slightly bowed.

He then paid tribute to the people of Hiroshima, calling on humanity to learn the lessons of the past to make war less likely.

“On a bright, cloudless morning, death fell from the sky and the world was changed,” he said, adding that humankind had shown that day it had the means to destroy itself.

“Why did we come to this place, to Hiroshima? We come to ponder a terrible force unleashed in the not so distant past. We come to mourn the dead,” he said.

“Their souls speak to us, they ask us to look inward, take stock of who we are.”

In a touching moment, Obama embraced Shigeaki Mori, a 79-year-old survivor who appeared overcome with emotion.

“The president gestured as if he was going to give me a hug, so we hugged,” said Mori, who spent decades tracing the families of 12 American POWs who died in the attack and ensured their deaths were officially recognised.



Obama also chatted to Sunao Tsuboi, the 91-year-old head of a survivors group, who thanked the president for his visit, but reminded him of his responsibility to act on his desire, first made in Prague in 2009, to bring about a world without nuclear weapons.

Obama urged the world to “choose a future when Hiroshima and Nagasaki are not considered the dawn of atomic warfare but as the start of our own moral awakening.”

He said: “Technological progress without equivalent progress in human institutions can doom us. The scientific revolution that led to the splitting of the atom requires a moral revolution as well.

“This is why we come to this place, we stand here, in the middle of this city and force ourselves to imagine the moment the bomb fell.

“We force ourselves to feel the dread of children confused by what they see. We listen to a silent cry.

“Some day, the voices will no longer be with us to bear witness, but the memory must never fade. That memory fuels our imagination. It allows us to change.”



His address included mention of the tens of thousands of Koreans – many of them forced labourers – who died in the attack, as well as the American dead.

In the distance stood the burned-out shell of the Atomic Bomb Dome – a peace memorial that is the most potent physical symbol of Hiroshima’s tragic past and its recovery from the ashes of war.



As expected, Obama did not offer an apology for the decision by his predecessor, Harry Truman, to unleash an atomic bomb over the city. The attack at the end of the second world war on 6 August 1945 killed an estimated 80,000 people soon after the blast. By the end of the year, the death toll had reached 140,000.

Obama and Tsuboi laughed at one point, the president smiling broadly. But mostly he listened, holding the elderly man’s hand in his own, an interpreter standing nearby. Tsuboi stamped his cane emphatically while speaking.

Obama was accompanied by the Japanese prime minister, Shinzō Abe, whose presence, Obama said ahead of the visit, would “highlight the extraordinary alliance” the US had created during the seven decades since the end of the war.

After looking at some of the exhibits in the peace museum, Obama wrote in the visitors’ book: “We have known the agony of war. Let us now find the courage, together, to spread peace, and pursue a world without nuclear weapons” – a goal he conceded he may not see in his lifetime.



Abe described Obama’s visit as “courageous”, saying: “An American president has come into contact with the reality of an atomic bombing and renewed his resolve toward realising a world without nuclear weapons.

“I sincerely welcome this historic visit, which has long been awaited by not only the people of Hiroshima, but by all Japanese people.”

Kaneko Izumi, a Hiroshima resident who was among the hundreds of people who filled the peace park in the evening to pay their respects to the victims, said Obama’s speech had offered hope to ageing survivors “who have been waiting most of their lives for an American president to come here”.

Not all residents were satisfied with the president’s speech, however. “I’m afraid I did not hear anything concrete about how he plans to achieve the abolition of nuclear weapons,” said Miki Tsukishita, who was five years old when the bomb was dropped. “Just cheering his visit is not enough. He is a serving US president ... I wish he had been more specific.”

Obama had long held the desire to go to Hiroshima, despite the potential for the visit to cause controversy in the US.

While many Japanese consider the attack a war crime – yet recognise the part their country’s militarist leaders played in bringing it about – the consensus in the US is that the attack hastened the end of the Pacific war, saving many more American and Japanese lives.

Japan surrendered on 15 August, less than a week after the US dropped a second atomic bomb, on the western port city of Nagasaki, killing more than 70,000 people. Obama said during a visit to Japan in late 2009 that he would be honoured to go to Hiroshima and Nagasaki.

“I certainly would be honoured – it would be meaningful for me to visit those two cities in the future,” he said.

Before Friday, the only western leader to have visited Hiroshima while in office was Kevin Rudd, who laid a wreath at the peace park cenotaph in 2008 when he was Australian prime minister.

Jimmy Carter visited the atomic bomb memorial in Hiroshima in 1984, after he had left office, but no sitting US president has ever visited the city. The highest-ranking US official to visit the site was Nancy Pelosi in 2008 when she was House speaker. The ambassador, Caroline Kennedy, attended the 70th anniversary commemorations last year.

The White House reportedly decided to proceed with the visit after the largely positive reaction to John Kerry’s tribute to the victims of the Hiroshima bombing on the sidelines of the G7 foreign ministers’ meeting last month.

Ahead of Friday’s visit, Obama told US Marines and members of the Japanese military at the Iwakuni base in western Japan how it was “a testament to how even the most painful divides can be bridged. How two nations can become not just partners but the best of friends”.



His trip, he said, was an “opportunity to honour the memory of all who were lost in world war two” but also had a message for today.

“I do think that part of the reason I’m going is because I want to once again underscore the very real risks that are out there and the sense of urgency that we all should have,” Obama said.

“So it’s not only a reminder of the terrible toll of world war two and the death of innocents across continents, but it’s also to remind ourselves that the job is not done in reducing conflict, building institutions of peace, and reducing the prospect of nuclear war in the future.”

While polls showed most Japanese welcomed Obama’s gesture, other countries in the region warned against allowing the visit to reinforce a one-dimensional view of Japan’s role in the second world war.

The Chinese foreign ministry said Japan should not forget the “grave suffering” it inflicted on its neighbours during the war.

“We hope Japan can take a responsible attitude toward its own people and the international community, and earnestly take history as a mirror to avoid a recurrence of the tragedy of the war,” ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying told reporters.

The state-run China Daily went much further, claiming the “atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki were of Japan’s own making”.

In an editorial on the eve of the visit, the paper accused Japan of “trying to portray Japan as the victim of world war two rather than one of its major perpetrators”.

The bombing of both Hiroshima and Nagasaki was justified, the China Daily said, as “a bid to bring an early end to the war and prevent protracted warfare from claiming even more lives”.

It added: “It was the war of aggression the Japanese militarist government launched against its neighbours and its refusal to accept its failure that had led to US dropping the atomic bombs.”",1
3548,"Al Qaeda leaders say group near collapse amid rise of ISIS, report claims","Two of Al Qaeda's spiritual leaders have said that the terror organization is barely functioning after losing money and manpower to the rapidly rising Islamic State group, according to a report.

Abu Qatada and Abu Muhammad al-Maqdisi have described Al Qaeda as being without ""organizational structure,"" the Guardian reports. Maqdisi said Al Qaeda leader Ayman Al-Zawahiri is isolated from his top lieutenants and ""operates solely based on the allegiance.

""There is no organizational structure. There is only communication channels, and loyalty,"" he reportedly said.

Qatada, who was deported to Jordan from Britain in 2013 to face terrorism charges, also acknowledges that ISIS has gotten the better of Al Qaeda in the propaganda wars as well as those fought on the battlefield.

The Guardian report traces the beginning of Al Qaeda's downfall to the ascension of Zawahiri as Al Qaeda's leader following the death of Usama bin Laden in May 2011. While Zawahiri has been forced to move in secret in the remote mountain regions along the Afghanistan-Pakistan border, hundreds of thousands of militants have flocked to the new battlefields in Syria and Iraq.

""What is leadership,"" asked Dr. Munif Samara, an Al Qaeda associate quoted in the report, ""if your leader is in Afghanistan and your soldiers are in Iraq?""

In April 2013, the report claims, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, who had been chosen as the leader of what was then called the Islamic State of Iraq (ISI) in 2010 without bin Laden's consent, announced that ISI and the Syrian rebel group the Nusra Front would merge to form ISIS. In response, Zawahiri ordered Beghdadi to restrict his operations to Iraq and said that Nusra Front commander Muhammad al-Joulani would lead Al Qaeda's official branch in Syria.

According to the report, Baghdadi rebuffed Zawahiri's decision, launching his own campaign of terror with the help of escaped prisoners from Iraqi jails and a massive influx of foreign fighters who had come to Syria to join the civil conflict aimed at overthrowing Syrian President Bashar Assad.

The following summer, ISIS overran large swaths of territory in Iraq and Syria, including the cities of Mosul and Tikrit, as the Iraqi Army fled. It now has a global network of affiliates that stretches from Afghanistan to West Africa, and they have set about making their presence known through their own brand of terror.

Last week, an Afghan Army corps spokesman told The New York Times that 10 Taliban fighters had been beheaded by ISIS fighters. Meanwhile, in eastern Libya, militants linked to Al Qaeda there declared holy war — or jihad — on the local ISIS affiliate after one of their senior leaders was killed Wednesday by masked gunmen. That sparked an hours-long battle in the coastal city of Darna that left 11 people dead on both sides.

Meanwhile, Al Qaeda's standing and finances continue to suffer. A former Al Qaeda member-turned-British intelligence agent tells the Guardian that at one point last year, the group was in such desperate times that it had to sell its laptops and cars to buy food and pay rent.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.

Click for more for The Guardian.",1
2050,Who’s ruling out a 2016 bid?,"(CNN) – On CNN’s “State of the Union,” four governors were asked Sunday whether they want to rule out a presidential bid.

Republican Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana, considered a dark horse for the 2016 presidential race, didn’t directly answer the question.

 

 Follow @politicalticker Follow @KilloughCNN

“I haven't spent one second thinking about any job other than the one I was hired to do,” he told CNN’s chief political correspondent, Candy Crowley.

For his answer, Texas Gov. Rick Perry, who’s openly considering a 2016 presidential run, simply said “no.”

The outgoing Republican governor, who ran in the GOP presidential primary last cycle, is heading to Iowa again next week, sparking further speculation that he has his eyes on another national campaign. Perry also visited the state, which holds the first presidential primary contest, in November.

Gov. Jay Nixon, D-Missouri, said he’s focused on his job as governor, adding that he’s hopeful former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton jumps in.

“We'll look forward to working with her, but we really do have a lot to get done in the next three years in the Show-Me State,” he said.

Democratic Gov. Dan Malloy of Connecticut was more direct in his response: “I am not going to be a candidate for president.”

Malloy is eligible to run for re-election this year but has not announced whether he plans to seek another term

The governors are in Washington for the annual winter meeting of the National Governors Association.

Watch State of the Union with Candy Crowley Sundays at 9am ET. For the latest from State of the Union click here.",1
4210,Abortion gaffes show Trump is the left-wing caricature of a conservative,"In the wake of Donald Trump’s abortion gaffes, it should finally be clear that Trump is not a real conservative — he is the liberal caricature of a conservative.

In his now infamous interview with Chris Matthews, Trump not only declared that if abortion became illegal women who have abortions should face “some form of punishment,” but also asserted that “conservatives, Republicans would say, yes they should be punished.”

No, they would not.

This is not something a real pro-life conservative would say; it is something a liberal pretending to be a pro-life conservative would say.

Anyone remotely familiar with the pro-life cause knows that its advocates don’t want to punish women. Marjorie Dannenfelser, president of the Susan B. Anthony List, explains that the focus of laws restricting abortion “is on protection, not punishment. Women were not punished by the legal system before 1973’s Roe v. Wade decision and there is absolutely no drive to punish her now.” As Mother Teresa famously put it, “Abortion is profoundly anti-women. Three quarters of its victims are women: Half the babies and all the mothers.”

Trump does not understand this, because he is deeply unfamiliar with what motivates pro-life Americans. The goal of the pro-life movement is to create a “culture of life” that upholds the dignity of every human person from conception to natural death. The objective is not punishment; it is to protect both mother and child.

Since Trump does not actually understand what pro-life conservatives truly believe, he mindlessly echoes the liberal caricature of pro-life conservatives. He mistakenly thinks this is what these conservatives want to hear. They don’t. This is, however, what liberals want to hear. They want a Republican candidate who feeds their false “war on women” narrative. They want to run against the caricature of the pro-life position, because the caricature is ugly. And Trump is giving them precisely what they want.

If that were not bad enough, Trump then went on to compound his problems by reversing himself. In an interview with John Dickerson on “Face the Nation,” Trump said that he would not change the law to protect innocent unborn life, declaring that “the laws are set. . . . At this moment, the laws are set. And I think we have to leave it that way.”

Leave it that way? This is something no pro-life conservative would say. It’s not even something a liberal pretending to be a pro-life conservative would say.

It’s something Hillary Clinton would say.

Trump then twice declined to answer when asked whether he thought abortion is murder, saying “I’d rather not comment on it” and “I just don’t think it’s an appropriate forum” before finally, on the third try, grudgingly saying “I don’t disagree.” Quite the profile in pro-life courage.

Trump likes to say he is a convert to the pro-life cause, just like Ronald Reagan. But Reagan would never have said that laws allowing abortion on demand should not be changed. As president, Reagan supported the “Human Life Bill,” which would have recognized the unborn as human beings and protected them as persons under our Constitution. Reagan would also never have said that women should be punished for having abortions. In his 1983 essay for the Human Life Review, “Abortion and the Conscience of a Nation,” Reagan declared: “We should not rest until our entire society echoes the tone of John Powell in the dedication of his book, ‘Abortion: The Silent Holocaust,’ a dedication to every woman carrying an unwanted child: ‘Please believe that you are not alone. There are many of us that truly love you, who want to stand at your side, and help in any way we can.’ ”

Much like when Trump referred to “Two Corinthians” instead of “Second Corinthians,” his comments on abortion are a “tell” demonstrating that he does not possess a basic understanding of the first principles that animate conservative thought on the sanctity of life.

So let’s stop the charade. When it comes to the issue of life, Donald Trump is a caricature, not a conservative.

Read more from Marc Thiessen’s archive, follow him on Twitter or subscribe to his updates on Facebook.",1
4414,"Dana Perino: Conservatives, here are 5 reasons why we should accept Facebook's olive branch","Wednesday, I participated in Facebook’s meeting with conservatives at the company’s headquarters in Silicon Valley.

Even though I did the round trip in a little more than 24 hours, the West Coast feels a long way away from New York City. Geographically and culturally.

The Facebook setting is so different from the work environments I’m used to, including its open floor plans to encourage the constant flow of creativity and its casual nature. The place is calm, but I had the feeling cool stuff was happening.

It’s different and, I’ll admit, a bit unnerving for someone who likes structure. But it’s also really neat. It’s powerful. And they know it.

Facebook invited 16 conservatives to a meeting it described as long overdue. Over time, the trust between conservatives and the company has been eroding.

Last week’s accusations from a former contract employee about the alleged  practice of suppressing conservative viewpoints and news stories in its Trending Topics feature was the spark that lit a fire.

The meeting was an attempt to put the fire out and to begin to rebuild trust with the conservative community.

This was a meeting where two bubbles collided: one of conservative media and activists and the other of the world of Facebook.

I went to the meeting with an open mind and a lot of curiosity. The Facebook executives we met with greeted us with humility and the admission that they need to do a better job.

Overall, the meeting went well. Here are my five takeaways:

1. Facebook recognized that it’s lost trust with conservatives and it is genuinely serious about fixing it.

While some in the conservative media worried that this meeting would be an insincere gesture and a mere photo-op (there were no cameras), the main company executives present -- including Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg -- could not have been more genuine.

It was very clear that Facebook does not take these allegations lightly, and they acknowledged a real trust deficit with their conservative partners and users.

I left feeling assured that Facebook would be working to repair relationships amidst the damaging allegations and to reestablish credibility in the conservative community about its commitment to inclusivity and neutrality.

Wednesday’s meeting was a civil environment where everyone had the opportunity to voice their opinions, concerns, and questions.

Imagine a meeting in 2016 where 16 different conservatives – representing all the different viewpoints we have – get along really well and are reminded of our common principles. (Maybe we should have the convention in Silicon Valley? OK, maybe in 2020).

Everyone had a chance to speak and did so frankly. And respectfully.

Zuckerberg and his team did way more listening than talking, which left the door open for a meaningful conversation. And, despite the uncomfortable temperature in the room (the power went out in the headquarters just as the meeting started), Zuckerberg kept the meeting going for an additional 20 minutes so that everyone had a chance to speak and get their questions answered or ideas raised.

3. Face-to-face is best for establishing trust.

Zuckerberg immediately acknowledged that this meeting was one he should have started long before.

He was right – and we can meet him halfway on that. But the fact that he invited all of us to Facebook’s headquarters allowed everyone to voice their concerns and opinions to each other in one room, face-to-face. That showed an immediate level of respect from Zuckerberg and his team, and the same was true of the conservatives that were there.

The conservatives were prepared, specific, smart, and creative.  This is an important thing to remember in business relationships, and even personal relationships.

4. Employment diversity is not limited to gender and ethnicity.

Facebook -- and Silicon Valley in general -- takes pride in their commitment to diversity among their employees. But a point that was made yesterday is that diversity in thought and opinion is critical as well for a well-rounded company.

Gender diversity and ethnic diversity are not the only ways to diversify, and Facebook clearly lacks conservative staffers. The company did not disagree.

5. Conservatives need to keep using all the available social media platforms.

Social media as a whole has been a boon for conservatives. Never before could a conservative reach that many people without a mainstream media filter.

Conservatives have built followings, movements, and even presidential campaigns utilizing Facebook.

Since the company has admitted it needs to do better, let’s take them up on that.

We can offer specific solutions and bring creative ideas. We can pick up the phone or get on a plane and meet with people – I found them to be reasonable and approachable. This may not always be the case, but it is the situation we have right now.

Conservatives want Facebook to be more responsive, and we are pushing on an open door. Let’s walk through it.

Being a conservative means fighting for individual liberty, freedom of expression and markets and for less government interference in our lives. By all accounts, a majority of Americans agree with those principles.

We should use all available tools at our disposal to spread that word and build a stronger conservative movement in the United States and around the world.

Author's note: Click here to read more about why I am a conservative.



Dana Perino currently serves as co-host of FOX News Channel's ""The Five"" (weekdays 5-6PM/ET). She previously served as Press Secretary for President George W. Bush. She is the author of the new book ""Let Me Tell You about Jasper : How My Best Friend Became America's Dog"" (October 25, 2016). Ms. Perino joined the network in 2009 as a contributor. Click here for more information on Dana Perino. Follow her on Twitter@DanaPerino.

",1
3159,How the GOP Went South,"While some on the Right want to downplay the race angle, others on the Left suggest that the entire success of the modern GOP was premised on exploiting Southern racism. Interestingly, though, much of what both sides think we know about this trend appears to be wrong. Elections analyst Sean Trende recently argued that “while the dominant narrative continues to insist that the South began to realign toward the Republicans in the wake of the passage of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, in fact, Southern loyalties had begun to weaken during the presidency of Franklin Roosevelt.” As evidence, Trende notes that the South voted increasingly Republican every year of FDR’s presidency, and that although Eisenhower lost Dixie, he did so by only three points. What is more, while Eisenhower was gaining support in the South, he was simultaneously pushing civil rights legislation. So why did the South become increasingly Republican starting in the 1940s? According to Trende, “Southern whites simply became wealthy enough to start voting Republican.” This, of course, flies in the face of everything we think we know about why the South became solidly Republican. This is not to suggest that race wasn’t involved in the shift that really began to reach a tipping point after the ’60s, but it does suggest that history is more complex than the Reader’s Digest (or, rather, the Mother Jones) version many of us are taught in school.

After the post—Civil Rights Act “Dixiecrat” shift, economics and air‑conditioning conspired to send American voters fleeing the Rust Belt for the Sun Belt, further eroding the power of the Northeast Republican establishment, personified by the New York governors and presidential aspirants Thomas Dewey and Nelson Rockefeller. (This is a trend that is still under way; according to the U.S. census, the city of Austin, Texas—the liberal enclave in a deeply red state—was, by far, the fastest growing city in America from 2010 to 2013.) It’s unwise to write off an entire swath of the nation, but that’s just what Barry Goldwater, who represented Arizona in the U.S. Senate, seemed to do when he declared that “sometimes I think the country would be better off if we could just saw off the Eastern seaboard and let it float out to sea.” The Johnson campaign turned that line into a devastating ad in which the eastern side of a U.S. map, floating in water, is literally sawed off.

Truth be told, the South’s influence came to dominate both parties. Democrats soon saw that the only way they could win would be to cut into the GOP’s base. For a while, it looked like the only path to Democratic victory was through nominating a son of the South. From Texan Lyndon Johnson to Georgia peanut farmer Jimmy Carter to Arkansas’s Bill Clinton (and even to, yes, Al Gore), seemingly only Southern Democrats could win the White House—and even that trend was not very recent; consider Virginia‑born segregationist Woodrow Wilson or Harry Truman, the descendants of slaveholders and Confederate sympathizers, or even Warm Springs, Georgia, resident FDR. In the post‑Reagan years, Southerners so dominated both parties that at one point, we had a president from Arkansas (Clinton), a vice president from Tennessee (Gore), a Majority Leader from Mississippi (Trent Lott), and a House Speaker from Georgia (Newt Gingrich). The chairman of the GOP was Haley Barbour, from Mississippi. President George W. Bush of Texas, Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist of Tennessee, and House Majority Leaders Dick Armey and Tom DeLay (Texans) soon followed in what was, perhaps, the apex of Southern domination of the GOP, and simultaneously, of Republican triumphalism. Talk circulated that the GOP had achieved a “permanent governing majority.”

Ronald Reagan downplayed his intellectual and cosmopolitan credentials to accentuate his everyman persona. In similar fashion, Dwight Eisenhower, the former supreme commander of Allied forces in Europe and president of Columbia University, dodged questions by employing bumbling answers at press conferences. “In public he wore a costume of affability, optimism, and farm‑boy charm,” wrote David Brooks in The Road to Character. “As president, he was perfectly willing to appear stupider than he really was if it would help him perform his assigned role. He was willing to appear tongue‑tied if it would help him conceal his true designs.” Biographer Andrew Sinclair said much the same thing about the much‑maligned Warren Harding’s “mute your own horn” leadership style. In this regard, George W. Bush simply followed a long‑standing tradition—albeit with a Texas twang. Tevi Troy, the former Bush aide who authored What Jefferson Read, Ike Watched, and Obama Tweeted, believes that “Bush probably read more history than [Jack] Kennedy.” If that sounds absurd, it’s partly because Kennedy highlighted his intellectual credentials, while the Yale‑educated Bush downplayed his. As a result, we consider Kennedy (no dummy, but no genius, either) smarter. Is this only the result of a liberal media painting Republicans as illiterate Babbitts? Hardly. “To be fair,” Troy writes, “Bush was not blameless in acquiring a reputation for not reading.”

In 2000, the New York Times’ Nicholas Kristoff wrote that Kent Hance believes he “helped teach Mr. Bush the need to be more folksy.” As Mr. Hance put it, “He wasn’t going to be out‑Christianed or out‑good‑old‑boyed again.” If this is true (and one suspects it is), then it’s hard to fault Bush for doing what he had to do to win. And let’s not forget that he wasn’t just trying to forge his own comeback; he was also attempting to avenge his father’s defeat at the hands of Bill Clinton in 1992. What is more, his father, former President George H. W. Bush, had been mocked as a tax‑raiser and a preppy wimp. George W. Bush did everything possible to be the opposite of that. The adoption of the Texas persona helped, but the younger Bush overswaggered and overtwanged. But hey, he managed to win two elections, and winning is everything, right?

The problem was, although this is a bipartisan phenomenon, it just happens to have disproportionately impacted the Right. Again, Republicans are thought of as the stupid party. Both sides of the political aisle occasionally genuflect at the altar of rural superiority, even if Republicans are decidedly better at it. Although President Obama’s appeal to urbanites and minorities is obvious, he is not above the affectation of droppin’ his gs and prattlin’ on about “folks.” Likewise, prep school—bred John Kerry (“Can I get me a hunting license here?”) experimented with some downright, down‑home Forrest Gump elocution during his 2004 race. Hillary Clinton has been known to affect a Southern accent when convenient. Even less subtle was the over‑the‑top, twangy country music song “Stand With Hillary” released in late 2014—“Put your boots on and let’s smash this ceilin’ ”—where all the gs were dropped. The producer of the “Stand With Hillary” song also produced a 2008 viral mariachi video, “Viva Obama.” Nothing happens by accident in politics. Hillary’s pandering is a transparent attempt to woo the “real America.” Noting the dichotomy between Obama’s pop‑culture outreach—which featured the Will.I.Am song “Yes We Can” and Hillary’s—Ben Domenech, publisher of The Federalist website, observed, “The attempt to pander to the white working class voters left out by the Democratic agenda for so many years is obvious and clumsy, but also revealing, signaling their perception of what’s happened to the electorate in the course of the Obama era.”

For all the GOP’s problems, it is perhaps instructive to remember that Democrats also face their own challenges, which include struggles to win white votes—and their own gender gap with men. Putting aside politics, the notion that America should have one de facto white party and one de facto minority party strikes me as unhealthy. We should all resist this sort of racial balkanization. And, of course, just as Republicans confront regional geographic problems, the Democrats missed winning the White House in 2000, at least partly because Al Gore couldn’t deliver his home state of Tennessee. Just a dozen years ago, former senator Zell Miller, a conservative Democrat, penned a book titled A National Party No More, lamenting the fact that his beloved party had written off the South, and would continue to pay an electoral price. “Today, our national Democratic leaders look south and say, ‘I see one‑third of a nation and it can go to hell,’ ” he wrote. This is a good example of how political fortunes can quickly change. Just as Miller’s book hasn’t aged well (electorally speaking, the Democrats seem to have made the right political moves), a dozen years from now this book might seem antiquated. I won’t be at all upset if that happens. Still, almost all the long‑term trends (including demographic shifts and shifts in public opinion) seem to suggest the GOP is in trouble if it doesn’t adapt and overcome.

In the introduction of this book, I wrote about my rural background in western Maryland and the deep abiding respect I have for rural Americans who have done much to make this a great country. I don’t want to see an America where everyone is huddled into cities. In the words of Hank Williams Jr., we need Americans who still know how to “skin a buck” and “run a trotline.” But one of the many challenges confronting conservatives is that America has transitioned from the agrarian age to the industrial age to the information age. Unlike the industrial age, where the top‑down assembly line model favored liberals, the tech revolution may favor the rugged individualism embraced by libertarian‑leaning conservatives. Regardless, given these trends, it makes little sense for a movement or a party to allow the rural‑versus‑urban paradigm—and the many cultural issues tied up in that—to define and assign membership status. So long as Republicans could win this way, it made perfect sense to exploit the cleavage between city folks and “Real America.” Not only was this smart politics, but it also tapped into deep‑seated beliefs.

So where did this traditional deification of rural areas come from? Among other things, credit (or blame) the influence of religion (think the Garden of Eden versus the Tower of Babel), philosophy (Rousseau’s notion about noble savages, and later, transcendentalists like Ralph Waldo Emerson—and Walden Woods-loving Henry David Thoreau), and various ideas conceived during the time of America’s founding, such as Thomas Jefferson’s agrarianism. “I think our governments will remain virtuous for many centuries,” Jefferson wrote Madison, “as long as they are chiefly agricultural; and this will be as long as there shall be vacant lands in any part of America. When they get piled upon one another in large cities, as in Europe, they will become corrupt as in Europe.” This was bipartisan. Believe it or not, in the run‑up to his 1932 election, Groton‑ and Harvard‑educated Franklin Roosevelt enjoyed far more support from rural and Southern voters than with big‑city types—and painted himself not as a former Wall Street lawyer but rather as a simple “farmer.”

This brings us to a contradiction within conservatism. Much of conservatism—a belief in free markets, for instance—is premised on the dynamic notion that more people equal more ideas. But while optimistic free marketeers adhering to this Reagan and Kemp model subscribe to this theory, most populists do not. The more optimistic worldview made major strides when economists like Julian Simon and Ester Boserup took on the Malthusian catastrophe argument, which erroneously predicted that global overpopulation would lead to mass starvation, and demonstrated that more people equals more ideas, innovation, and prosperity. When you think about it, it makes sense. Rural societies tend to work on subsistence (you eat what you grow— be careful what you wish for, “local foods” advocates!), but cities, by their very nature, demand free market economic skills such as cooperation, specialization, and trade. These things make us rich. And cities are the areas where these things are appreciated and magnified. And let us not forget that great cities, after all, not only have fostered great hedge funds, but have also built great cathedrals stone by stone.

Leaders emerge during times of tragedy and crisis, and it was at this moment that Nikki Haley, the female, Indian American governor of South Carolina, who also happens to be a conservative Republican, seized the moment. “Today we are here in a moment of unity in our state without ill will to say it is time to remove the flag from our capitol grounds,” Haley said at a press conference on June 22, 2015. “This flag, while an integral part of our past, does not represent the future of our great state.” She was flanked by Republican senators Lindsey Graham and Tim Scott, who is one of only two African Americans in the U.S. Senate. And, in a way, the South Carolina governor and these senators represent a changing Republican Party, as well as a changing South. Graham, the only white representative, is probably the least conservative of the three. But they bring diverse perspectives that not very long ago were absent from Republican politics in the South. “The biggest reason I asked for that flag to come down was I couldn’t look my children in the face and justify it staying there,” Haley later told CNN’s Don Lemon. “What I realized now more than ever is people were driving by and they felt hurt and pain. No one should feel pain … My father wears a turban. My mother, at the time, wore a sari. It was hard growing up in South Carolina.”",1
4638,'There's No Case Here.' Clinton Defiant amid Email Probe,"The race for the White House has become even more uncertain as federal investigators begin searching through newly discovered emails belonging to Hillary Clinton's top aide, Huma Abedin.

The emails were found on a laptop of Abedin's estranged husband, Anthony Weiner, who is currently under investigation for allegedly sexting an underage girl.

Officials have obtained a warrant to search those emails, but it is unlikely the review will be completed by Election Day.

Meanwhile, the presidential race has tightened dramatically in the last several days.

The gap was closing even before Friday's news that the FBI would reopen the investigation into Clinton's emails, but now the contest is virtually a dead heat.

Even though the polls are close, Clinton still has an apparent advantage in the Electoral College. Consequently, both candidates are hitting key swing states where the election will likely be decided.

Addressing supporters at a rally in Kent, Ohio, Monday, the former secretary of state sounded defiant about the email controversy.

""I'm sure a lot of you may be asking what this new email story is about and why in the world the FBI would decide to jump into an election with no evidence of wrongdoing with just days to go? That's a good question,"" Clinton said.

""First of all, for those of you who are concerned about my use of personal email, I understand. As I said, I'm not making excuses, I understand and I regret it,"" she continued. ""They should look at them. And I'm sure they will reach the same conclusion they did when they looked at my emails for the last year. There is no case here.""

Meanwhile, campaigning in Michigan, Republican rival Donald Trump kept his focus on Clinton's latest controversy.

""Thank you, Anthony. I never liked you, Anthony, but thank you very much,"" the GOP nominee said. ""The Clinton crime spree ends on Nov. 8. It's gonna end on Nov. 8.""

Clinton could face more problems in the days ahead. WikiLeaks is reportedly set to release more hacked emails related to the presidential campaign.

The organization has already caused another problem for Democratic operatives.

CNN dropped former analyst Donna Brazile after WikiLeaks revealed she had leaked a question from one of the debates in the Democratic primary to the Clinton campaign.

No one knows what effect the FBI investigation or the WikiLeaks releases will have before Election Day. The last week before the election could be as unpredictable as the entire campaign has been so far this year.",1
5094,Donald Trump’s RNC 2016 Speech Packed With Lies And Shady Stats,"In Trump’s America, murder is out of control, terror reigns, our enemies are ascendant and our leaders are spineless puppets.

Donald Trump’s speech accepting the Republican nomination at his party's convention Thursday night lasted 75 minutes—the longest since at least 1972—as he painted a grim picture of midnight in America, a country beaten down and besieged by terror, crime, murderous immigrants and smarter adversaries across the globe thanks to foolish and feckless leaders here. 



“At our convention, there will be no lies,” Trump said at the very beginning of his remarks, in which he elaborated on a draft a Republican source leaked to a super-PAC backing Hillary Clinton hours before he spoke. “We will honor the American people with the truth and nothing else.”

“Our convention occurs at a moment of crisis for our nation,” Trump said in a speech that returned to common themes of law and order and national security, and charges that President Obama and Hillary Clinton had made America and the world less safe. “The attacks on our police, and the terrorism in our cities, threaten our very way of life. Any politician who does not grasp this danger is not fit to lead our country.”

But the bleak picture he painted often did not line up with the facts, using over-inflated statistics and questionable generalizations when discussing matters of crime, justice, immigration, and national security.

Trump said that homicides increased by 17 percent from last year in the country’s 50 largest cities. He did not say, however, that the national homicide rate hit a four-decade low last year, according to the FBI—or that the number of people murdered in the 50 largest cities has declined by half since 1991.

In an interview on CNN ahead of the speech, Trump’s campaign chairman Paul Manafort defended the remarks by casting doubt on the FBI’s official crime numbers, which include information gleaned from local police departments.

“The FBI is certainly suspect these days after what they just did with Hillary Clinton,” Manafort said, referring to FBI Director James Comey’s decision to not recommend charges against Clinton over her use of a private email server. “But as far as crime in the neighborhoods, people don’t feel safe.”

According to Politifact, Trump’s often-repeated assertion that there is no vetting system for Syrian refugees is not true. That process can take as long as one year or more, and each refugee is interviewed by officials in the Department of Homeland Security and required to attend cultural classes and pass a medical review.

“I will work with and appoint the best prosecutors and law enforcement officials in the country to get the job done,” Trump declared, while not elaborating on how he would do so. “In this race for the White House, I am the law-and-order candidate.”

In light of the recent shootings of police officers in Dallas and Baton Rouge, Trump claimed that the number of officers killed in the line of duty has increased by almost 50 percent year-to-year. The National Law Enforcement Memorial Fund says the number has gone up only slightly—from 62 officers through July 20 of last year to 67 killed so far this year.

Turning to the world—and Clinton—Trump said the U.S. should discontinue its policy of “nation building and regime change that Hillary Clinton pushed in Iraq, Libya, Egypt and Syria.” But Trump supported the Libya intervention in 2011, saying at the time: “At this point, if you don’t get rid of Gaddafi, it’s a major, major black eye for this country.”

Trump’s dubious contentions were not limited to law and order issues. The billionaire businessman claimed 14 million people “left the workplace entirely.” For context, the current workforce has 4.6 million more people than in 2009. He criticized Obama on the national debt, claiming it doubled. It has actually increased from $11.1 trillion to $19.2 trillion.

Trump also suggested that Clinton is responsible for the creation of ISIS in the Middle East—even though the group did not formally split from al Qaeda until after she left office. He suggested that sanctions on Iran decreased during her tenure in government; in fact, they increased.",1
3223,Live from New Hampshire: They’re all here,"This story has been updated.

A stampede of GOP presidential hopefuls descended on New Hampshire this weekend for the First in the Nation Republican Leadership Summit, a political cattle-call that formally kicks off the 2016 presidential primary in the early-voting state.

The Post's Bob Costa explained the stakes in Nashua: ""The attendance by a bevy of ambitious Republicans underscores the intense competition already underway in New Hampshire, which plays a critical role in the nominating process. With no clear front-runner here, campaigns are rushing to make inroads with primary voters who traditionally demand personal interaction and unceasing attention.""

We'll be following the speeches throughout the weekend. Tune in for highlights...

Among the GOP presidential hopefuls who spoke at the leadership summit in New Hampshire on Saturday were former Hewlett-Packard chief executive Carly Fiorina, Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal, businessman Donald Trump, Sen. Lindsey Graham (S.C.), former Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee and Sen. Ted Cruz (Tex.).

Fiorina drew rousing applause when she was asked by a questioner how she would be different from other Republicans, such as Jeb Bush, Marco Rubio and Scott Walker.

""I am different from everyone else running in every aspect,"" she said, noting her business background made her stand out from people whose only experience has been politics. ""I come at problem solving differently. And oh, by the way, I look a little different, too.""

Jindal spoke at length about his parents who left India and settled in Baton Rouge. He praised their work ethic, the value they placed on education, and their belief in America as the land of unlimited opportunity.

He drew the biggest applause when he said: ""When my parents came to America, they were coming to become Americans. I am tired of the hyphenated Americans. They didn't come to become Indian-Americans.""

Trump was asked what kinds of people he would choose for a Cabinet if he ran for president and won. He criticized the way ambassadors are chosen, singling out Caroline Kennedy, who is U.S. envoy to Japan. ""She is not talented at what you have to do,"" he said. ""She doesn't know anything about trade."" Instead, he would choose someone from Wall Street for that position.

Huckabee was asked to state his opinion on global climate change. ""Fact or fiction?"" the questioner wanted to know. Huckabee said he was in college when scientists were predicting that ""we would all freeze to death."" Now the grim outlook is that the earth will burn up.

""The Earth is an amazing body. Let me be very blunt. I believe the Earth is the Lord's creation,"" he said, as the audience applauded.

Cruz criticized President Obama's efforts to fight the Islamic State. His first question was what he would do differently if he were in the White House. Cruz said the goal shouldn't be to weaken or degrade the terrorist group, but to ""utterly and completely destory ISIS.""

And the current debate over ""boots on the ground"" in Iraq should be driven by military assessments on how to reach that goal, he added. Still, Cruz recalled that he wasn't satisfied with the assessment he heard during a Senate briefing from Army Gen. Martin Dempsey, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, about how that goal could be achieved.

""I asked him, 'in what time frame can we destroy ISIS,'"" Cruz said. Dempsey responded that there is no military solution, Cruz recalled, only a change in the underlying conditions to prevent potential recruits from being radicalized through poverty.

""There is a word for that--I have to clean it up for C-span--and simply say it's nonense,"" Cruz said. ""The way to defeat ISIS is not expanded Medicaid throughout Iraq.""

Here are some of Friday's speakers:

Best applause line: ""We lived through Jimmy Carter, we'll live through Barack Obama! I promise you!""

Runner-up: ""[Obama] had a very important mission: raising money for needy Democrats in Dallas.""

Hillary hit: “She’s the one that literally brought the reset button to the Kremlin. ... Well [Russia] did reset us, that’s for sure; they reset us back to pre-1989, from my perspective.”

Granite State pander: On what he learned from the last election: ""Number one is you've gotta spend a lot of time in New Hampshire. You better be healthy and you've gotta spend years here.”

How it played: The Texas governor spent a considerable amount of time on foreign policy, showing his grasp of the subject matter while avoiding any ""oops"" moments. (He told audience members running for president takes a lot of work, and that he's been studying up.) Perry received several standing ovations but -- though he delivered an animated speech -- the tone in the room was somewhat subdued.

Best applause line: ""Some people say I'm too blunt and too direct and too straightforward. I think we could use a little bit of that in Washington, D.C.""

Crowd pleaser: “I don’t know what they’re talking about in terms of rough edges. … I’m a Republican in New Jersey. Come and try that for a couple of days. ... [It's] not a place where Republicans go to win elections.""

Obama zinger: ""All he cares about now are his legacy and his library.""

GOP side-eye: ""What amazing leadership I just showed by saying I oppose government waste. ... Anybody that comes up here and says that, boo them off the stage.""

How it played: Christie played to his strengths and only delivered a few minutes of prepared remarks (on entitlement reform), instead choosing to spend most of his time taking questions. The crowd greeted that very warmly. Throughout his speech he urged members of the audience to ask other candidates -- and potential candidates -- what they will do about the cost of entitlement programs: ""If they're not going to do anything to fix that problem, we're not going to be able to deal with any of the other problems...we have in this country.""

Voter buzz: Leader of the pack but needs to prove himself to conservative base*

Subtle Rubio jab: ""We have elected a president who was a phenomenal speaker but he was two years as a United States senator and had no record of accomplishment...and what did we get?""

Obama slam: ""This is the first president in post-World War II era who does not believe that America's presence in the world as a leader and America's power is a force for good. I do.""

Most self-aware line: ""I don't see any coronation coming my way, trust me. We have 95 people running, I'm clearly intimidating a whole bunch of folks, aren't I?""

Kumbaya: ""It's not that [Democrats'] motives are bad, it's just that they have bad ideas. That's the attitude you start with ... you have to rebuild trust. This is where the president has let us down more than any other thing ... it's pushing down people that disagree with him to make himself look better. The next president has to reverse that.""



How it played: Bush spent the first 15 minutes sharing his biography peppered with policy over red meat for the base. Bush is clearly positioning himself for the field's adult-in-the-room role: that of a pragmatic problem-solver who is not driven by ideology. He tried to strike a positive tone about America's future, at one point responding to a question about gay marriage with an answer about restoring economic opportunity for all Americans. It underscored that he wants his campaign to be a debate about economic issues, not cultural/social ones.

Hillary Clinton jab: ""Scott Brown tonight let me know that Hillary Clinton's gonna raise $2.5 billion dollars. That's a lot of Chipotle, my friends.""

Harry Reid jab: “I think I get along personally with everyone, even people that call me a loser.""

Granite State name-check: On the way here, I was texting with my youngest daughter. And I meant to say I'm in Nashua. But I guess the spell check changed it to Nassau. And so she wrote back: How many delegates does the Bahamas have?""

How it played: Rubio gave what's becoming his standard stump speech: He cast himself as a next-generation leader with a forward-looking vision and argued for a muscular foreign policy.

*Rating is based on three recent New Hampshire polls; an April 15 Public Policy Polling survey; a March 25 Franklin Pierce/Boston Herald survey; and a March 24 Suffolk University poll.

Colby Itkowitz and Sean Sullivan contributed to this report.",1
3049,The Supreme Court is just as polarized as the rest of US politics – and this may have profound implications.,"Recent years have seen concerns about political polarization in America come to the fore – one only has to look at the recent fight between Congressional Republicans over the next Speaker of the House or Representatives to witness its effects. But what of judicial polarization? In new research which examines polarization in the US Supreme Court since 1938, Donald Gooch finds that this polarization has also increased, and correlates with congressional and presidential polarization. He argues that this trend is fed by shifts in ideological polarization in the Senate, and in public opinion. If it continues, he writes, polarization may lead to more frequent and powerful attacks on the Supreme Court’s authority and supremacy.

Scholars have long warned of a growing political schism in the American body politic.  Popularized by “Red vs. Blue” maps in national elections, political polarization is defined as a widening divide between partisan identifiers and ideologues in the public and political elite.  Political polarization is one of the most important recent developments in American politics. Concerns about political polarization in American politics focus on its potential to frustrate political accommodation, stymie political actors, clog political processes, disrupt political institutional environments and, in the extreme, spur violent social unrest.  For example, the congressional polarization that emerged in the 1970s has only intensified over time. Polarization has led to greater gridlock, greater partisan rancor between the parties, and greater intraparty cohesion in congressional politics.

The majority of institutional polarization studies emphasize Congress. Judicial polarization, in contrast, is underexplored as an aspect of political polarization and as a determinant of judicial behavior. By examining individual justice polarization and ideological extremity over full tenures on the United States Supreme Court since 1938 and how Court polarization responds to polarization in coordinate institutions over the same time period, I find: strong evidence of increasing Court polarization and that Court polarization correlates with congressional and presidential polarization since the 1950s.  Court polarization is a real and significant political phenomenon in America.

Figure 1 shows the normalized polarization trends in the Court’s institutional environment across the regimes of Chief Justices.   It depicts polarization trends for the Supreme Court, the Senate (standard deviation of senator ideology per congressional term), and the President vis-à-vis the Senate chamber median (absolute difference between President’s ideology score and the median Senator’s ideology score).   Notice the strong apparent linear trend over time in the polarization of all three institutions, interrupted only by the drop in polarization observed between the Senate chamber median and the President during the Vinson regime. The strength of the correlation between the President-Senate chamber median difference and that of Court polarization over the regimes is striking.  A remarkable consistency exists in the peaks and valleys of Court polarization and the ideological distance between the President and the Senate chamber median across chief justice regimes from Hughes to Roberts.

Figure 1 – Polarization Trends in Senate, President-Senate, and Court Polarization (JCS) across Chief Justice Regimes

What is the most parsimonious explanation for these results? An increasingly polarized Senate, through its advice-and-consent role, has produced a mirror image of itself on the Court.  Court and Senate polarization may, in turn, be a function of polarization in the American electorate. Thus, even though the Court is somewhat insulated from democratic forces, the Court is subject to macro-polarization trends (directly and indirectly) through the institutional context.  The Court is responsive to the polarization of entrepreneurial interest groups, such as the Federalist Society (conservative) and the Coalition for a Fair and Independent Judiciary (liberal).

Justices evolve ideologically over time.  The evidence on Court polarization suggests that ideological movement on the Court tends to be in one direction—justices tend to become more liberal the longer they are on the Court. Consider two examples: Harry Blackmun and Clarence Thomas In 1970, Harry Blackmun served his first term on the Court.  At the time, only Chief Justice Burger was more conservative than Blackmun.  In his tenth term on the Court, Justice Blackmun crossed the ideological Rubicon, joining the Court’s left-leaning justices (Figure 2).  By his final term in 1993, Justice Blackmun was as far to the Court’s ideological left as he had been to the Court’s ideological right when he began his career. As a second example, Justice Clarence Thomas, is widely considered to be a stalwart of conservatism on the Court. He holds the extreme rightward location in the judicial common space.  Even Justice Thomas, however, has evolved ideologically over his career.  Unlike Blackmun, Thomas has moved further to the right.  Justice Thomas’s absolute ideological evolution is only half that of Blackmun’s, but Thomas has become nearly twice as conservative as he was when he first joined the Court.

Figure 2 – Career Trends in JCS scores for Justice Thomas and Justice Blackmun

What explains this ideological drift? These ideological sojourns are not made in a vacuum.  Just as Court polarization is a function of the Court’s internal and external environments, individual justices are buffeted by internal and external factors during their judicial decision-making.  Justices are part of the Brethren, a small clique of specialized judicial actors. Thus, they may be influenced by the strategic internal judicial environment and interpersonal justice relationships.  The Court exists in a unique and competitive institutional context. This context constrains judicial behavior. Justices are responsive to mass and elite public opinion. There is strong evidence justices evolve ideologically on the Court in response to shifts in the ideological polarization in the Senate. Other external factors create leftward headwinds.  The Court is responsive to legal elites and legal institutions shaping the debate over judicial policy.  Institutions like the American Bar Association reflect the liberal tilt among legal professionals; these institutions help establish a range of judicial policies acceptable to the leftward shifted legal elite. Favorable press coverage of justices becoming more liberal, the so-called “Greenhouse Effect,” may induce more justices to evolve in the left ideological direction.  Within, justices may serve as ideological lodestones, drawing fellow justices to their own ideological viewpoint. My analysis suggests that this movement is not merely a function of drift, but rather the consequence of the political environment within which the Court makes policy.  Elite polarization entrepreneurs, public opinion shaped by media coverage, and institutional constraints may all play a part in causing justices to move to the Left over their careers.

What are the implications of this analysis? Court polarization and polarization in the Court’s strategic environment influence justice ideological disposition and evolution. These two types of Court polarization may have wide-ranging effects on: the judicial nomination process, the Senate judicial confirmation process, and, subsequently, the policy output of the Court.   Ideological polarization influences competition between the branches over policy.  Justices becoming more liberal over time influences policy debates concerning the life-tenure of justices. It could change how presidents, particularly Republican presidents, choose nominees for the Court.  The emergent ideological polarization on the Court has profound implications for how the Court will figure in the national political discourse and how its interactions with polarization forces will affect the constitutional order.  A polarized Court is more vulnerable to the attacks of reconstructive presidents.  Presidents may take advantage of Court polarization to politicize Court decisions in a bid to detract from the Court’s constitutional authority and to challenge judicial supremacy.

Polarization bodes ill for the prospects of consensus among the branches on constitutional meaning.  President Obama’s 2010 State of the Union challenge to the Supreme Court over Citizens United and Justice Alito’s “not true” rejoinder is illustrative of the Court-president conflict that polarization may engender.  Polarization may lead to more frequent and more powerful attacks on judicial authority and judicial supremacy. These implications make it clear that judicial polarization is an important phenomenon of the U.S. Supreme Court and a topic ripe for further study.

This article is based on the paper, ‘Ideological Polarization on the Supreme Court: Trends in the Court’s Institutional Environment and Across Regimes, 1937-2008’, in American Politics Research.

Please read our comments policy before commenting.

Note:  This article gives the views of the author, and not the position of USAPP – American Politics and Policy, nor the London School of Economics.

Donald Gooch – Stephen F. Austin State University

 Donald M. Gooch is an Assistant Professor of Political Science in the Department of Government at Stephen F. Austin State University. His research agenda includes political polarization, behavior on the Supreme Court, campaign finance regulation, civic education, formal theory and the spatial theory of voting.",1
935,"Will Cruz, Sanders Victories Lead to Contested Conventions?","As expected, the voters of Wisconsin have given both Sens. Ted Cruz, R-Texas, and Bernie Sanders, D-Vt., victories over their parties' front-runners.

Did Trump's abortion comments and his attacks on Gov. Scott Walker hurt him in Wisconsin? Click play for CBN News Chief Political Correspondent David Brody's take on Tuesday's primary results.

That means contested party conventions may be more likely this summer for the Republicans and maybe even the Democrats.

It wasn't a knock-out punch, but Cruz delivered a major blow to Donald Trump's effort to secure enough delegates to win the Republican presidential nomination before the GOP convention.

""God bless the great state of Wisconsin!"" Cruz exclaimed Tuesday before a group of his supporters.

Wisconsin Republicans gave him the nod over Trump, 48 percent to 35 percent. Ohio Gov. John Kasich came in a disappointing and distant third, winning only 14 percent of the vote.

Cruz said he is truly unifying the Republican Party.

""Tonight is a turning point,"" he said. ""It is a rallying cry. It is a call from the hard-working men and women of Wisconsin to the people of America. We have a choice. A real choice.""

Meanwhile, Trump responded saying there's no party unity -- just an anti-Trump initiative led by the GOP establishment.

But American voters may now be moving toward favoring Cruz over Trump. A new Reuters poll shows the Texas lawmaker leading Trump for the first time nationally, 39 to 37 percent.

He still needs to win 1,237 delegates to get the nomination. After Wisconsin, Trump has 740 delegates, Cruz has 514 and Kasich only 143.

Meanwhile on the Democratic side, Badger State voters made Hillary Clinton ""feel the Bern.""

Moments after he learned he had defeated Clinton in Wisconsin, Sanders shouted, ""We won in Wisconsin!"" during a campaign rally in Wyoming.

The Vermont Democratic socialist senator decisively beat Clinton by 10 points, with almost 57 percent of the vote to her to 43 percent.

Sanders said he's proving his effort is not just a fringe campaign.

""We have now won seven out of the eight last caucuses and primaries,"" he explained.

But Sanders still needs to win about 67 percent of the remaining delegates to secure the Democratic presidential nomination -- 2,383 are needed. Currently, Clinton has 1,743, while Sanders has 1,056.

While the momentum may now favor Sanders and Cruz, it can quickly change in political campaigns. Both Trump and Clinton are expected to win their home state of New York when voters go to the polls for that primary in two weeks.",1
1623,"After Obama changes tack on Syria, what would the presidential candidates do?","Barack Obama’s announcement on Friday that American special forces will take a more active role in the war in Syria is for many critics of his foreign policy a confirmation that the US has inched deeper into a chaotic conflict.

It’s also an opportunity for presidential candidates to both praise and denounce him. And most Republican and Democratic presidential candidates propose doing even more than the raids that Obama has authorized, which skeptics call “mission creep”. The war pits the Syrian president, Bashar al-Assad, against various rebels and the jihadi group Islamic State, and now involves the US, Russia, Iran, Gulf states, Turkey, the Kurds and Iraq. Here’s how foreign policy might look under the ideas of potential presidents.

Nearly all the candidates of both parties have called for a no-fly zone over Syria, arguing that denying Assad’s air force will better protect civilians and rebels from bombing runs.

“A superpower can impose a no-fly zone if it decides it wants to,” said Stephen Biddle, a professor of international affairs at George Washington University. “But the problems are it’s very expensive, no one is willing to pay the price, and these days there are serious risks of escalation.”

A no-fly zone would require far more airstrikes on airfields and anti-aircraft batteries, for instance, putting American pilots in danger against Syrian missiles and jets. Russia’s entry into the war further complicates the proposal, increasing the risk of shooting down Russian aircraft bombing rebels.

And while a future president could warn Vladimir Putin to fly strikes at his own peril, the US stands to lose more should Putin simply continue strikes. An American president’s choice would then be to stand down or risk a wider, far more dangerous war – and political disaster at home – by firing on Russian pilots.

Nor would a no-fly zone offer certain protection to civilians or rebels whom an American president finds acceptable. Most of the war’s dead – civilian or combatant – have not been killed from the air but on the ground, by bullets, mortars and artillery shells, according to the Violations Documentation Center.

The statistics suggest a no-fly zone would not do much to staunch the bleeding of civilians or any friendly rebels. In contrast, Russia’s strategy of indiscriminate bombing boosts Assad’s much more limited aims, which do not take civilian casualties into account.

Only Republican Rand Paul and Democrats Martin O’Malley and Bernie Sanders oppose a no-fly zone.

Billionaire Donald Trump has maintained that “safe zones” on the ground in Syria and Iraq would help end the war and solve the refugee crisis, and said that Turkey and the Gulf states of Saudi Arabia, the UAE and Qatar should lead the effort with US help.

But while a ground campaign could defend civilians from the deadliest threats, it would also entail all the dangers of mission creep and the painstaking logistics of a war effort. One American has already died in a raid on an Isis facility, and a Russian soldier died in Syria last week.

“To keep it safe would require fighting,” the defense secretary, Ash Carter, told Congress on Tuesday. “You need to think in each case … who’s in, who is kept out and how the enforcement of it is done.”

Any campaign would probably need snipers, radar and recon teams, artillery and special operations teams – if not full infantry battalions, Micah Zenko, a senior fellow at the Council of Foreign Relations, has noted in Foreign Policy.

“The types of interventions that proponents have endorsed for Syria are often based on deep misunderstandings of how US force was used on behalf of humanitarian missions in the past,” Zenko wrote. “Proposals that consciously ignore or downplay the amount and type of force needed to protect civilians are just wishful thinking.”

Biddle agreed, adding that another problem is that safe zones offer cover to both civilians and combatants.

“Say you set up a safe zone along the Turkish-Syrian border, and lo and behold guerrillas start operating within it, and the government starts firing artillery into it. What do you do then? Silence the artillery by expanding your perimeter? Push the perimeter until it’s all of Syria?”

He also noted the problem of policing – for instance, the dilemma of a suspected rebel whose family vouches for the person’s innocence.

“You don’t have to walk very far down the thought experiment to end up with all sorts of problems and ambiguities,” Biddle said.

Senator Marco Rubio is the most vocal supporter of embedding special forces with rebel and Kurdish ground troops.

Most of the candidates support arms for rebels, though few have specified which groups they find acceptable and how they would vet them – the same problems that have slowed Pentagon efforts in the last two years.

More problematically, most of the Syrian rebels eager for weapons and aid are not interested in a concerted fight against Isis. “While there are tens of thousands of rebels willing to receive training and equipment to go after the Assad regime, few are willing to fight the Islamic State,” Zenko wrote earlier this year.

Arming anti-Assad rebels may suit US interests, but it would also pit the US against Russia and Iran in a proxy war. Even regional allies disagree with American priorities about Isis, Biddle noted, which is why Turkey continues to bomb Kurds and Saudi Arabia and the UAE arm groups around the region, most notably in Syria but also in the ruins of Yemen. These same conflicted interests make it unlikely that the nations would ever band together to form their own “safe zone”.

“They all have bigger fish to fry,” he said. “We’re the biggest, but we’re the only one who thinks Isil is the threat to be resolved first.”

Although Kurdish fighters have proven the most reliable allies for US ground offensives, Turkish warplanes have increased bombing sorties against Kurdish forces in Syria and Iraq, meaning increased arms for the Kurds could fuel a war between two American allies on yet another border.

Arming Kurdish fighters could also lead to the US supplying groups that it has named terrorists, if it hasn’t inadvertently done so already. In October Amnesty International accused the Kurdish group YPG of human rights violations.

Rubio, Jeb Bush and Lindsey Graham have spoken strongly in favor of arming Syrian rebel groups and Kurds, Ted Cruz has called for directly arming the Kurds, Hillary Clinton urged arms for rebels and Kurds while she was secretary of state, and even O’Malley has said the US should “probably” arm the fighters.

All candidates except Senator Rand Paul have said they support Obama’s decision to extend the US military presence in Afghanistan to 2017, though a handful say they only do so out of deference to the generals’ advice.

But the presence of 5,500 to 10,000 troops, as the president and candidates prescribe, would have little effect on the war against the Taliban, experts said. Most said a steady run of airstrikes had prevented the Taliban from massing, and that the end of “combat operations” – resulting in a lull in airstrikes – had given the militants opportunity to retake cities and regroup.

The spread of American troops at four airbases around Afghanistan and continued airstrikes – including one that bombed a hospital – suggests Obama plans to let generals use as much airpower as possible to support Afghan forces. But neither he nor any candidate has shown any appetite for a major reinforcement.

Barring dramatic changes to Barack Obama’s plans and the politics of the Middle East, 2017 will begin with 5,500 troops across Afghanistan and a number of special forces teams operating in Syria and Iraq.

Paul, Trump and Cruz have all offered variations on a plan that could see US forces withdraw from the region, ceding a lead military role to Russia and Iran but continuing airstrikes against Isis. But while staying out of foreign conflicts has appeal at home to Democrats and Republicans alike – and arguably supports US interests – “it still sacrifices interests that are real, even if they’re limited,” Biddle said.

“There’s the prospective future terrorist threat of an ungoverned region, the risk of a war if that metastasizes and spreads,” he said. “If you wash your hands of it, you’re running a social science experiment to sit back and see how many of these bad things unfold. That’s a really bad choice for a person that has the power to make a difference.”

Not least on the minds of the president or any would-be commander in chief, he added, was that to do nothing “hands the opposition a bunch of really obvious talking points”.",1
3385,State Department won’t rule out $50B ‘signing bonus’ for Iran,"The State Department on Monday would not rule out giving Iran up to $50 billion as a so-called ""signing bonus"" for agreeing to a nuclear deal later this year, according to comments made to journalists following reports that the Obama administration had formulated a plan to release tens of billions of frozen Iranian funds.

Experts have said this multi-billion dollar ""signing bonus"" option, which was first reported by the Wall Street Journal, could be the largest cash infusion to a terror-backing regime in recent memory.

A cash release of $30 to $50 billion upon reaching a final nuclear agreement would come in addition to the more than $11 billion in unfrozen assets that Iran will already have received under an interim nuclear accord reached in 2013.

When asked to address these reports on Monday, State Department Spokeswoman Marie Harf attempted to dodge the issue and then accused reporters of getting ""spun up"" on the issue.

Asked whether Iran could receive $50 billion ""on day one after signing"" or verbally agreeing to a nuclear deal, Harf told reporters that she would ""look into it.""

When pressed to provide an answer about the Journal's initial report, Harf declined ""to go line by line in the story.""

Harf said sanctions relief to Iran will continue through June 30.

Click for more from The Washington Free Beacon.",1
2861,White House willing to sign compromise Iran bill,"(CNN) After months of tensions with Congress over a bill giving the legislature a say in the potential Iran nuclear deal, the White House indicated Tuesday that the president would be willing to sign the compromise version of the measure.

The Senate Foreign Relations Committee unanimously approved the new version, which Democratic lobbying had watered down, in a vote Tuesday afternoon.

During his daily press briefing, White House press secretary Josh Earnest said President Barack Obama would approve the measure as it stands now, though Earnest noted he can't commit to that position if the legislation changes.

The White House ""certainly"" blinked, Arizona Republican Sen. Jeff Flake said Tuesday on CNN's ""The Situation Room.""

""Congress imposed the sanctions and only Congress can lift them permanently. So we always had a role and I'm glad the White House recognizes that now,"" he said.

Earlier Tuesday, the top Republican and Democrat on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee said they had resolved key differences on the bill regarding Iran's nuclear plan, making the bill's passage more certain.

""What I'm most proud of is we've kept the pure integrity of the process in place and the President cannot lift -- while Congress is reviewing this -- cannot lift the congressionally mandated sanctions, which is what they've been trying to do and push for over the past couple of weeks,"" Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Bob Corker told reporters Tuesday, as he headed into a classified briefing on the emerging Iran agreement with Secretary of State John Kerry and other top administration officials.

Florida Republican Sen. Marco Rubio said during the committee's deliberations in the afternoon that he would not offer a controversial amendment related to Israel. Other senators also dropped their amendments to ensure this agreement stayed intact.

According to a Corker aide familiar with the details of the bill, it requires Obama to submit the final agreement to Congress, which will have up to 52 days to weigh in on the deal. That includes an initial review period of 30 days, with 12 more days added automatically if Congress passes a bill and sends it to the President, and an additional 10 days of congressional review if Obama vetoes the legislation.

If the deal is submitted late, after July 9, the review period reverts to 60 days.

During that time, the President is prohibited from waiving the congressional sanctions. And Obama is required by the legislation to certify to Congress every 90 days that Iran is complying with the terms of the deal.

The bill also requires the President to make a series of detailed reports to Congress on a range of issues, including Iran's nuclear program, its ballistic missiles work and its support for terrorism globally, particularly against the U.S. and its allies.

Sen. Ben Cardin, the committee's top Democrat, expressed optimism Monday night that negotiators could come to an agreement that would appease the White House while maintaining the ultimate goal of requiring congressional approval.

""I think we can get to a place where we can deal with most of the White House's concerns and maintain the purpose of the bill, which is an orderly congressional review and timely notice if there are material breaches,"" he said ahead of the compromise being reached.

Congressional negotiators worked through the weekend and into the night Monday to hammer out legislation that would draw enough support from hardline Republicans and moderate Democrats to pass.

House Speaker John Boehner on Tuesday said he expected the House to take up the Corker bill once the full Senate votes on it, saying the proposal has taken ""center stage.""

He reiterated his stance that Congress should ""absolutely have the opportunity to review the deal,"" adding the administration ""appears to want a deal at any cost.""

But he brushed off the notion that he was working to derail the nuclear deal.",1
1774,The toughest job in American politics? Defending Hillary Clinton,"The toughest job in politics these days is defending Hillary Clinton, mocked brilliantly by The New York Post as the “Deleter of the Free World.”

Her beleaguered defenders, as they retreat behind the bunker door, are settling on a crude legal defense.

Their mumbo jumbo chorus -- begins with the claim that she didn’t break any laws by doing government business on her private email and ends with the insistence that everybody does it.

That’s their story, and they are sticking to it — until they are forced to find another one.

That will be soon because, while Hillary’s Helpers may have a point about fuzzy laws, their argument is ultimately futile. She’s not on trial and opponents don’t have to meet a persnickety legal standard to win their case.

She’s running for president — and she must meet a less precise but more difficult standard. It’s the test of integrity, and she’s failed it often during her 30 years in public life.

To continue reading Michael Goodwin's column in the New York Post, click here.

Michael Goodwin is a Fox News contributor and New York Post columnist.",1
3250,Latino Vote Poll: Some Would Consider A Republican In 2016,"The poll from Hispanic Leadership Network and Resurgent Republic found that a majority of Latino voters in Florida, Colorado, New Mexico and Nevada prefer Democrats and a number of Democratic-supported policies, even on key Republican priorities such as bringing down the deficit and helping small business.

The results of the survey were ""sobering,"" Resurgent Republic board member Whit Ayres told reporters at a press conference Wednesday. For one, more than half of Latino voters polled in each state said the GOP doesn't respect the values and concerns of their community.

""Republicans are in a hole. There's no question Republicans are in a hole,"" he said. ""We're not sugar-coating that. But there's also no question that Republicans have enormous potential to do far better than they've done.""

The poll found that a plurality of Latino voters in each of the four states said they are more likely to vote for a Democrat than a Republican in the 2016 presidential election. But nearly a third of those voters in New Mexico and Florida said they would consider both parties, showing there is potential for the GOP to improve its standing. In Colorado and Nevada, closer to a quarter of Latino voters said they would consider both parties.

President Barack Obama won a larger proportion of the Latino vote than previous Democratic presidential candidates did in 2008 (bettering his own numbers), 2004 and 2000. One reason, according to most exit polling and the speakers on Wednesday, was former GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney's harsh rhetoric and hardline stances on immigration.

""I call it the immigration earmuffs,"" Hispanic Leadership Network executive director Jennifer Korn said. ""Even though you might agree on jobs, the economy, national security, if the tone is harsh on immigration, they're not going to listen to you on the other issues.""

Another potential problem for Republicans could be social issues such as same-sex marriage, which a plurality of Latino voters said they support. It's a common trope among Republicans that Latino voters are conservatives who just don't realize it, in part because many are Catholic. But many are also younger than the average Catholic population, and their views on same-sex marriage align more with their age cohort than their religious one.

""This is where things start to get a little discomforting for me, as a Republican,"" Ayres said. ""Because these are issues on which you would expect Republicans to do relatively better. ... Democrats [considered to have] ideas that help small business. Now, come on, we are the party of small business, right? But we still haven't made that sale yet in the Hispanic community.""

Despite all the obstacles, representatives for the two groups argued there is potential for Republicans to win a larger proportion of the Latino vote, particularly those who said they consider themselves conservatives but voted Democratic anyway.

""The Republican brand among the Hispanic, Latino community is not a good brand. It's in terrible disrepair and is in need of a substantial uplift and needs substantial resuscitation. The patient's not dead, but it's on life support,"" said former Sen. Norm Coleman (R-Minn.), who is chairman of the American Action Network. ""We believe the good news is ... that there is a path to tap into the Latino community.""",1
817,Cruz announces Fiorina as choice for running mate,"Ted Cruz, looking for a shake-up in the 2016 race as Donald Trump moves steadily closer to the Republican nomination, on Wednesday announced former GOP primary rival Carly Fiorina as his choice for running mate should he win the party nod.

The move was immediately dismissed as an act of “desperation” by the Trump team, but Cruz – while acknowledging it is “unusual” to announce a running mate so early – defended the decision. He claimed “nobody is getting to 1,237 delegates,” the number needed to clinch the nomination, and voters should “know what [they] will get.”

“After a great deal of time and thought, after a great deal of consideration and prayer, I have come to the conclusion that if I am nominated to be president of the United States that I will run on a ticket with my vice presidential nominee, Carly Fiorina,” Cruz said.

Cruz, together now with Fiorina, was trying to fight Trump's narrative that the race is effectively ""over,"" after the front-runner swept five primary states on Tuesday. But Fiorina, in accepting Cruz's offer, said she's ready to ""fight.""

“I’ve had tough fights all my life,"" Fiorina said. ""Tough fights don’t worry me a bit.”

Cruz made the announcement in the critical primary turf of Indiana, which votes next Tuesday. Speaking at an afternoon rally in Indianapolis, Cruz announced his decision to cheers and chants of “Carly! Carly!” while touting the former HP CEO’s credentials and life story.

The theoretical pairing represents a diverse ticket – offering the possibility of electing the first Hispanic president and first female vice president.

“This is a choice that you are telling the American people that ‘This is an individual that I trust and, more important, this is an individual that you can trust to lead this country, no matter what might happen,’” Cruz said.

But for the time being, Fiorina will hold the odd position of being a vice presidential candidate-in-waiting – as Cruz continues to lag far behind Trump in the battle for the GOP nomination.

Even Fiorina would have to be elected by delegates at the convention. As for Cruz, he’s already been mathematically eliminated from clinching the nomination before the convention, and is relying on the prospect of a Cleveland floor fight.

A highly visible Cruz surrogate, the former HP CEO recently handed over her tax returns to the Cruz campaign for vetting, CNN reported Tuesday, and her name immediately surfaced when Cruz teased a “major announcement” Wednesday morning.

Cruz said Wednesday that he and his family had grown so close to Fiorina that she often sings to his young daughters -- a skill she showed off during her speech -- and also exchanges texts with the young girls.

“And Carly may be the first vice president in American history to have an impressive fluency with hearts and smiley face emoticons,"" Cruz said.



Trump leads Cruz in pledged delegates, 954-562, but Cruz’s strong ground operation has elected many delegate allies to the Republican Convention in July. Cruz believes the battle will proceed to a contested convention, where he hopes to triumph once some pledged delegates become unbound and are free to switch their votes.

Trump on Wednesday morning dismissed the notion of Cruz tapping a running mate.

""First of all, he shouldn't be naming anybody because he doesn't even have a chance,"" Trump said. ""Naming Carly's dumb, because Carly didn't do well. She had one good debate -- not against me by the way, because I had an unblemished record of victories during debates -- but she had one victory on the smaller stage and that was it.""

In a statement later Wednesday, Trump criticized the move as Cruz ""only trying to stay relevant.""

While most presidential candidates wait until they have the nomination sewn up to announce a running mate, Cruz's selection of a vice presidential candidate in April – while he’s well behind in delegates – followed a pattern of somewhat unconventional campaigning including an early embrace of Trump and kicking off his campaign without first forming an exploratory committee.

Fiorina began her career working as a secretary and receptionist but quickly rose up the business ranks and was named in 1999 as the chief executive officer for Hewlett-Packard, becoming the first woman to lead a Fortune 20 company.

""Of all the people who didn't make it far in the race, she was one of the best about laying out her plan, talking about who she is and her accomplishments,"" said Doug De Groote, a fundraiser for Cruz based near Los Angeles.

On her website, Fiorina describes her tenure at HP as having “saved 80,000 jobs” during “the worst technology recession in 25 years.” But her time at the helm also drew criticism for alleged deals with Iran brokered through a subsidiary and the laying off of 30,000 employees. In 2004, Fiorina left the company after the board of directors forced her resignation.

Her career as a political candidate began when Fiorina tried to unseat California Sen. Barbara Boxer during an unsuccessful 2010 bid. Boxer on Wednesday mocked the suggestion of Fiorina as Cruz's running mate.

""The best way to describe that ticket is mean and meaner,"" she said. ""He wants to throw people out of the country and she threw thousands of jobs out of the country. Perfect match.""

In May 2015, Fiorina announced her candidacy for president and quickly became known as a feisty critic of Hillary Clinton and a strong defender of the pro-life community. Planned Parenthood immediately panned Fiorina's Wednesday pairing with Cruz as ""the most loathsome pair of anti-abortion extremists in America.""

Her early debate performances were lauded by many critics; however, she never gained traction and suspended her campaign after single-digit finishes in Iowa and New Hampshire. She endorsed Cruz in early March and has appeared often with him on the campaign trail.

When asked about being Cruz’s vice president in early March, Fiorina replied, “Let’s win the nomination first.”

Though she eventually threw her support behind Cruz, Fiorina also attacked him when she was still a competing candidate. She termed him one of the “ultimate insiders” and called him “too divisive” in January. She also criticized Cruz for saying “one thing in the drawing rooms of Manhattan and another thing in the living rooms of Iowa.”

Fox News’ Ed Henry and Serafin Gomez and The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
4720,Do voters care about more Trump tapes?,"Some say additional tapes of Republican nominee Donald Trump making disparaging, sexual comments likely exist, but it’s unclear if such revelations could impact the candidate’s loyal voting base.

Supporters of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump gather at Trump Tower on Saturday, in New York. Mr. Trump insisted he would 'never' abandon his White House bid, despite calls for him to quit the race following the release of his sexually charged comments caught on tape.

Those who worked alongside Donald Trump say there are likely unheard records of lewd, disgraceful statements made by the candidate, but the impact such recordings could have on his candidacy may be limited.

Mr. Trump’s colorful, and often controversial, comments have characterized his campaign. He has made offensive remarks regarding Muslims, immigrants, the African-American community, women, and prisoners of war, many of which have led establishment Republicans to turn their backs on the GOP nominee. But his “tell it like it is” attitude has also resonated with groups of disenchanted voters, imploring them to put their trust in Trump and defend, or ignore, his alienating remarks.

The greatest crisis of Trump’s political career to date came Friday when The Washington Post released a lewd tape from 2005. In the recording, Trump makes disparaging comments about his sexual conduct with women. Top Republicans, including Arizona Sen. John McCain and Sen. Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire, took a firm stance against their party’s candidate, saying they could no longer plan to support him. Many urged him to step down and cede the platform to vice presidential candidate Mike Pence.

Those who know the candidate paint vastly different pictures of him. Some have said he was professional during his tenure on the NBC reality series “The Apprentice,” but, Bill Pruitt, a former producer on the reality show, alluded to the possibility of more, and worse, recordings from the show in a tweet Saturday.

“As a producer on seasons 1 & 2 of #theapprentice I assure you: when it comes to the #trumptapes there are far worse. #justthebegininng,” he wrote.

Since, the real estate mogul’s opponents have been eager to uncover the recordings, hoping more damning comments could bury the Republican’s campaign.

But it’s not clear what effect, if any, more controversial tapes would have on Trump’s run for president. His supporters haven’t been easily swayed by the kind of scandals that have ruined presidential bids in years past. After Friday's release the tape, 74 percent of Republicans said GOP leaders should continue to support the candidate, and only 12 percent of Republicans said they’d like to see Trump end his bid for president, according to a Morning Consult/Politico poll conducted immediately after The Washington Post broke the news about the 11-year-old video.

“The results show that nearly all voters have heard about the video and most rate it negatively, but Trump’s supporters are not abandoning him right away,” Kyle Dropp, co-founder and chief research officer at Morning Consult, which conducted the poll along with Politico, said.

While some of these voters are drawn to Trump’s bold statements and aggressive temperament, others see the choice in this election as hinging on policy, not personality. As The Christian Science Monitor previously reported, evangelical Christians have surprisingly stood by the candidate, citing his stance on topics like abortion, religious freedom, economic policies, and Supreme Court justice ideologies.

This behavior, while counterintuitive at first glance, isn’t new in the world of partisan politics.

“Without overstating the case, [evangelicals’ defense of Trump] does remind me of when a lot of prominent feminists came to the defense of President Bill Clinton during the Monica Lewinsky matter,” John Green, a religion and politics expert at the University of Akron, in Ohio, told the Monitor. “They said, ‘We deplore the conduct, but look at all the positive things the Clinton administration has done for women.’ ”

With less than a month until election day, pledged Trump supporters may be unlikely to shift their allegiances, even if more material drawing the candidate’s character into question arises. And Trump himself seems to recognize the power of his loyal voting bloc.

“The polls, they say I have the most loyal people, did you ever see that? Where I could stand in the middle of 5th Avenue and shoot somebody and I wouldn’t lose any votes, okay?” Trump said in January. “It’s like incredible.”",1
3200,"Some GOP Donors Willing to Give to Many, Just Not Paul","Some of the biggest donors and fundraisers in the Republican Party, still uncertain who should get their support in 2016, are sprinkling their money around a presidential field that grows by the day.

The largesse born of their indecision has a notable exception: Rand Paul.

The Kentucky senator has aggressively tried to raise money around his effort to curtail the surveillance powers of the National Security Agency, emailing supporters and posting messages on social media imploring people to ""celebrate this victory"" with their cash.

In doing so, he's exacerbated the perception among some of the GOP's most generous donors that his positions on foreign policy make him an unacceptable choice for the White House. This is especially so to those who consider an aggressive posture abroad and support for Israel paramount.

""I do not know of a single person in Mitt Romney's donor network who will be with Rand Paul,"" said Phil Rosen, a Manhattan attorney and top fundraiser for the 2012 Republican nominee. Rosen said he met with Paul and politely told him he wouldn't be supporting him ""because of his isolationist and libertarian policies.""

Rosen hasn't settled on his choice in next year's primary contest but expects to decide soon from a short list. Other prominent donors are doing the same, with some willing to give money to multiple candidates in the early stages of the campaign, but not to Paul.

Among them: Las Vegas casino owner Sheldon Adelson, New York hedge fund pioneer Michael Steinhardt and Ken Abramowitz, founder of a venture capital firm in New York. All three have given money to South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham, who announced his presidential campaign on Monday by saying he wants ""to be president to defeat the enemies trying to kill us.""

Those donors, like many of the Republican Party's biggest spenders, are looking for the strongest candidate on foreign policy, especially on the protection of Israel. That's become the centerpiece of not only Graham's campaign, but also is a featured aspect of the bids of Florida Sen. Marco Rubio and Texas Sen. Ted Cruz.

""Graham in particular has a terrific record in Congress and is experienced and articulate,"" said Steinhardt, who is also giving to former New York Gov. George Pataki and former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee.

The weight of donor opposition to Paul hit his campaign soon after he launched it in April, when a politically active nonprofit, the Foundation for a Secure and Prosperous America, began a $1 million television advertising campaign against him in the four early primary states. The nonprofit can raise unlimited money and is not legally required to disclose its donors.

Several other groups are prepared to pounce on Paul if they sense he is gaining traction in the race. Among them is a group led by John Bolton, a former ambassador to the United Nations who recently decided against running himself, but plans to push for strong national security policies from the sidelines.

""I've spoken to well over 1,000 major Republican donors and can remember only one who agreed with Rand Paul on foreign policy,"" Bolton said. ""The views he represents are a tiny, tiny minority within the Republican Party.""

Unlike several of the other Republican candidates for president, Paul doesn't have an obvious billionaire — or group of billionaires — backing his campaign, as New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie does with Home Depot founder Ken Langone and Rubio does in car dealer Norman Braman.

Campaigning in South Carolina last week, when he spoke about his fight against renewing the NSA's authority to collect Americans' phone records in bulk, Paul said he isn't concerned about the big donors lining up against him. But he said he wouldn't turn down their money.

""If you know some billionaires, and you want to send them our way, we're happy to talk to them,"" Paul said. ""It's more about votes than it is about dollars, and I think we're going to have plenty of money to compete.""

Paul said he's counting on small-dollar donations raised primarily online, the kind he's tried to drum up during the debate that has resulted in at least the temporary suspension of the NSA's authority to collect Americans' calling records.

He's attracted enthusiasm outside the usual Republican circles, particularly from college-aged voters with a distaste for military engagement and others who put civil liberties at the forefront of their concerns.

Republican pollster Frank Luntz, who isn't aligned with any 2016 candidate, said what Paul lacks in traditional deep-pocketed donor enthusiasm, he could make up for in smaller contributors.

""He's not going to have a traditional campaign because he's not going to be a traditional candidate,"" Luntz said. ""That comes with advantages and disadvantages.""

Paul's campaign said it raised more than $1 million online in his first 24 hours as a candidate, but wouldn't say how much it has raised around the NSA issue. It will report on its finances next month.",1
5221,Fact-checking the vice-presidential debate between Kaine and Pence,"The Democratic vice-presidential nominee, Sen. Tim Kaine of Virginia, and the Republican nominee, Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana, debated Oct. 4 at Longwood University in Farmville, Va. Here is a roundup of 25 suspicious or interesting claims that were made. As is our practice, we do not award Pinocchios when we do a roundup of facts in debates.

Kaine surely meant to say nuclear weapons but it came out as chemical weapons. (Later in the debate, he said “[Clinton] went toe-to-toe with Russia as secretary of state to do the New START Agreement to reduce Russia’s nuclear stockpile.”)

Even so, Kaine overstates the impact of the 2011 New START (Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty agreement, which Clinton helped negotiate as secretary of state.

New START placed tighter limits on deployed strategic weapons but Russia was actually already meeting the treaty’s limits, for the most part, when the treaty’s implementation began. Indeed, Russia has increased deployed nuclear weapons from 1,537 in February 2011 to 1,796 in September of this year. Also, the treaty does not restrict either country from stockpiling weapons, nor does it require them to destroy any existing weapons.

Russia’s total nuclear warhead arsenal has been on a steady decline from 40,000 since 1986. The total has hovered around 4,500 since 2012, during Obama’s presidency.

Kaine leans way over on his skis here. The Iranian nuclear agreement was actually negotiated by Clinton’s successor, John Kerry, though Clinton helped tee up the negotiations by increasing sanctions on the Islamic Republic. The deal, which has been sharply criticized by Republicans, did increase the amount of time that Iran would need to build a nuclear weapon by reducing its centrifuges for uranium enrichment and its stockpile of enriched uranium; international monitoring of Iran’s nuclear facilities was also implemented. But key elements of the deal expire in 15 years (some go longer) and Iran’s nuclear infrastructure remains in place.

While Iran has insisted it has no interest in building nuclear weapons, the deal does not eliminate the risk that it will obtain nuclear bombs. The agreement limits Iran’s civilian nuclear program and it is also contains an indefinite prohibition on activities related to a weapons program, defined in Annex 1, Section T. Whether those elements eliminates the nuclear weapons program is a matter of opinion.

Indeed, Clinton’s economic plan would raise an estimated $1.46 trillion in tax revenues over the next decade, according to an analysis by economist Mark Zandi. But the tax hike “falls almost exclusively on the most highly paid,” the analysis says.

This figure does not take into account the impact of her other proposals on the economy. For example, his report also said that if Clinton were able to fully implement her economic plans, the economy would add an additional 3.2 million jobs during the first four years of her presidency. Combined with anticipated job creation under current law, that adds up to 10.4 million jobs. But the report also said that Clinton would face significant roadblocks to getting her economic plan through Congress, resulting in far fewer job gains.

Trump has, indeed, said all of those things.

During his campaign announcement, Trump said: “When Mexico sends its people, they’re not sending their best. They’re not sending you. They’re not sending you. They’re sending people that have lots of problems, and they’re bringing those problems with us. They’re bringing drugs. They’re bringing crime. They’re rapists. And some, I assume, are good people.“ We awarded Trump’s claim connecting illegal immigrants from Mexico and crime Four Pinocchios.

In 2007, Trump called Rosie O’Donnell “a slob,” “a pig” and a “degenerate” in a single speech. He has called Arianna Huffington “a dog” and said New York Times columnist Gail Collins had “the face of a dog.”

Trump did say that the Indiana-born U.S. District Court Judge Gonzalo Curiel had an “inherent conflict of interest” because of his Mexican heritage and Trump’s plan to build a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border. Trump has said McCain was “not a war hero,” and that McCain is “a war hero because he was captured. I like people that weren’t captured.” Trump has, indeed, said: “We have a situation where we have our inner cities, African Americans, Hispanics, are living in hell, because it’s so dangerous.” And Trump was one of the most high-profile “birthers” who questioned whether Obama was a U.S. citizen.

Earlier in the campaign, Trump said women who receive illegal abortions should be subject to “some sort of punishment.” But he reversed that statement several hours later, after widespread criticism from those on both sides of the abortion rights issue. He amended his statement to say that the doctors, not women, should be punished.

This is correct. A key difference here is that Nixon did not release his taxes while he was a presidential candidate; he did so in 1973, a year after he was reelected.

Presidential candidates have no legal obligation to release their returns, but there has long been a tradition to do so for the sake of transparency. Trump has cited a pending Internal Revenue Service audit, even though the first president to release his taxes, Nixon, did so in the middle of an audit. Moreover, Trump has not released his tax returns from before 2009, which are no longer under audit, according to his attorney.

Pence is correct on raw numbers regarding education spending, but is incorrect when the figures are adjusted for inflation.

In fiscal year 2017, state spending on higher education and K-12 education is the largest in Indiana’s history. But adjusted for inflation, the 2017 appropriations are not quite as high as they were in 2010 and 2011, said Lawrence DeBoer, Purdue University economist and an expert on Indiana’s state budget. By 2017, Indiana state spending on education will be almost back to 2011 levels, DeBoer said.

On infrastructure, Pence began improving the state’s roads only after an emergency repair of the Interstate 65 bridge led to a month-long traffic problem and caused a political liability, the Associated Press reported. Political ads attacked Pence for saving money in the state’s reserves at the expense of underfunding the state’s infrastructure.

Pence then proposed a plan to improve roads “that relied on borrowing, drawing down state reserves and accounting gimmicks to reach an advertised $1 billion sticker price,” the AP reported. “In the end, he got just a fraction of that after Indiana’s Republican-controlled Legislature balked. And much of the money set aside for local governments came from local taxes held in state reserves that were already supposed to be returned.”

Clinton has said she would expand Obama’s executive actions on immigration and has advocated for comprehensive immigration reform, including a pathway to citizenship. But she also has supported enhanced border security. And her immigration proposal includes “humane, targeted and effective” enforcement and focusing immigration resources on detaining and deporting those “who pose a threat to public safety.”

[Update: Hacked emails released on Oct. 7 showed Clinton apparently said in a paid closed-door speech to a Brazilian bank: “My dream is a hemispheric common market, with open trade and open borders,” through green energy.

The Clinton campaign has refused to authenticate the hacked emails, but campaign manager Robby Mook said in an Oct. 9 CBS “Face the Nation” interview that Clinton was “talking about integrating green energy between North and South America. … If the question is, ‘Does Hillary Clinton support throwing open our borders?’ Absolutely not. And she is going to do everything she can to fight to protect the interests of workers in this country.”]

This is correct. Clinton has said she supports President Obama’s decision to accept 10,000 Syrian refugees in fiscal year 2016 — and that she would support an increase up to 65,000. That is a 550 percent increase from 10,000. But Clinton has not yet disclosed her plan for the new fiscal year or beyond.

This map below shows where Syrian refugees have ended up in the United States.

Maybe the GOP ticket did not precisely use the word “great” or “better,” but Kaine pretty much hits the target here.

Pence told CNN just a few weeks ago: “I think it’s inarguable that Vladimir Putin has been a stronger leader in his country than Barack Obama has been.” Pence made these remarks just after Trump asserted that Putin has “been a leader far more than our president has been a leader.”

Kaine repeats a line that recently earned Hillary Clinton Three Pinocchios. But no credible analyst would cite the Bush tax cuts as playing a key role in spurring the economic crash.

Kaine puts it even more starkly than Clinton. The Clinton campaign tried to suggest income inequality, exacerbated by tax cuts, led to the stagnation of the middle class and spurred excess borrowing and leverage — key components of the crash along with lax regulation. But that’s a real stretch, given that a housing bubble was the key trigger. The causes of the Great Recession are complex and debatable, but there’s no debate that it is wrong to put the Bush tax cuts at the top of the list.

This isn’t a direct quote about deporting all undocumented immigrants, but Trump did say that all “criminal illegal immigrants” (likely referring to undocumented immigrants convicted of a crime) “are going to be gone. It will be over.”

Among other claims Trump made at the Aug. 31 Phoenix rally about removing those here illegally:

But Trump also laid out his deportation priorities during the speech. Among them: Targeting at least 5 million and as many as 6.5 million undocumented immigrants who would be subject to swift removal. That is about half of the 11 million undocumented people estimated to be living in the United States.

Pence misconstrued an Associated Press report here, similar to the way Donald Trump did earlier in the campaign.

The AP analyzed State Department records and looked specifically at Clinton’s meetings on the phone or in person with 154 people who were not federal employees or foreign government representatives. This narrowed down the denominator to a small subcategory of people Clinton met with as secretary of state, since the majority of her diplomatic work would involve representatives of foreign governments. In addition, the AP report is based on partial records released by the State Department so far and does not reflect the full scope of people with whom Clinton met as secretary of state.

The AP found that 85 of those 154 people, or “more than half,” had donated to the Clinton Foundation or “pledged commitments to its international programs.” The 85 donors collectively contributed as much as $156 million, the AP reported. There were representatives from at least 16 foreign governments, who donated as much as $170 million to the charity, but those representatives were not included in the 154 number, the AP reported.

This is wrong. Counting from January 2009, nearly 11 million private-sector jobs have been created in the United States, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. If you count all jobs, including government jobs, the figure is 10.5 million.

So how does Kaine come up with 15 million? He’s counting from the low point for jobs in Obama’s presidency, February 2010. When you start the clock from then, the tally is 15 million private-sector jobs and 14.8 million overall jobs.

The last time we checked, February 2010 was 6 1/2 years ago. So with this claim, Kaine is trying to wipe off a year of Obama’s presidency.

Moreover, as a general matter, regular readers know that we tend to discount job-creation records by a president, as so much of the record is due to economic forces beyond a president’s control.

Mark Zandi, a respected economist at Moody’s Analytics, did issue a report saying that if Trump’s economic plans were fully implemented, 3.5 million jobs would disappear, incomes would stagnate, debt would explode, and stock prices would plummet. (This compares to an anticipated increase of 6 million jobs under current Obama administration policies.) In another report, Zandi also said that if Clinton were able to fully implement her economic plans, the economy would create an additional 3.2 million jobs during the first four years of her presidency. Combined with anticipated job creation under current law, that adds up to 10.4 million jobs.

But both reports were highly skeptical that either candidate would be able to get their plans through Congress — even a Republican-controlled one during a Trump presidency — because so many of Trump’s positions are such a departure from GOP principles. Even so, the report said the U.S. economy would likely suffer under a Trump presidency. (The report was issued in June, and Moody’s has not issued an updated report that would reflect additional policies announced by Trump, including a revised tax plan. But the report said Trump’s trade policies would be especially damaging.)

Pence makes it sound like this is U.S. taxpayer money — and he uses a too-high estimate. Because of international sanctions over its nuclear program, Iran had billions of dollars in assets that were frozen in foreign banks around the globe. With sanctions lifted, in theory, those funds would be unlocked.

But the Treasury Department has estimated that once Iran fulfills other obligations, it would have about $55 billion left. (Much of the other money was obligated to illiquid projects in China.) For its part, the Central Bank of Iran said the number was actually $32 billion, not $55 billion.

Trump has called the North Atlantic Treaty Organization obsolete, but he has not said he wants to get rid of it. Asked specifically by The Washington Post in March if he wanted to pull out of NATO, he said, “I don’t want to pull it out. NATO was set up at a different time. NATO was set up when we were a richer country. We’re not a rich country anymore. … I think NATO as a concept is good, but it is not as good as it was when it first evolved.” Trump has argued that “distribution of costs” has to be changed but, as we have noted, Trump frequently overstates the burden on the United States.

Kaine is referring to Trump’s 2000 book, “The America We Deserve,” where he made such a comparison about Social Security and said he wanted to privatize the program: “The workers of America have been forced to invest a sixth of our wages into a huge Ponzi scheme. The pyramids are made of paper-mache.”

Trump added in the book: “Privatization would be good for all of us. As it stands today, 13.6 percent of women on Social Security live in poverty.”

But that book was published 16 years ago. On the campaign trail, Trump has said he wants to “keep Social Security intact.… I’m not going to cut it.” His specific plans for the program, however, are vague. His campaign has said “the key to preserving Social Security and other programs that benefit AARP members is to have an economy that is robust and growing.”

For more on Social Security and allegations it is a Ponzi scheme, see The Fact Checker’s guide to critical questions about the program.

This is a zombie claim that just won’t go away. We have awarded it Three Pinocchios, and fact checkers repeatedly debunked this during the 2012 presidential election.

Indeed, the number of ships (272) as of Oct. 4 is the lowest count since 1916 (245 ships). But a lot has changed in 100 years, including the need and capacity of ships. After all, it’s now a matter of modern nuclear-powered fleet carriers versus the gunboats and small warships of 100 years ago. The push for ships under the Reagan era (to build the Navy up to 600-ship levels) no longer exists, and ships from that era are now retiring.

This talking point is a poor way to depict the country’s naval fleet needs. Gunboats of 1915 and aircraft carriers of 2015 are not the same. And military budgets, fleet needs and historical circumstances are much different in 2015 than they were in 1916.

Pence reprises a GOP talking point from the 2012 campaign, but it’s not correct. Obama substituted a different system, but it was on the recommendation of then-Defense Secretary Robert Gates, a Republican. Gates, in fact, had recommended the original plan to President George W. Bush and then decided the new system implemented by Obama was more effective, less costly and timelier than the Bush plan.

Gates, in his 2013 memoir, noted that while the Obama administration had stumbled in failing to lay the diplomatic groundwork for the shift, looking “like a bunch of bumbling fools,” the Bush plan was already running into trouble in both Prague and Warsaw and likely would have been rejected by parliaments in both countries. “The Polish and Czech governments were relieved,” he wrote.

“I sincerely believed the new program was better — more in accord with the political realities in Europe and more effective against the emerging Iranian threat,” Gates added. “While there certainly were some in the State Department and the White House who believed the third site in Europe was incompatible with the Russian ‘reset,’ we in Defense did not. Making the Russians happy wasn’t exactly on my to-do list.”

In fact, Gates says, the Russians quickly concluded that the Obama plan was even worse from their perspective, as it eventually might have capabilities that could be used against Russian intercontinental missiles.

“How ironic that U.S. critics of the new approach had portrayed it as a big concession to the Russians,” Gates added sardonically. “It would have been nice to hear a critic in Washington — just once in my career — say, Well I got that wrong.”

Trump has walked back the particular claim that Kaine cites, that “wages are too high.” Of course, Trump has flip-flopped on the minimum wage at least five times since August 2015 and has consistently contradicted his own statements, making it hard to track exactly where he stands on the issue at a given time. Trump’s stance on this matter, as of August 2016, was that he supports “raising it to $10 at the federal level, but believes states should set the minimum wage as appropriate for their state.”

During a November 2015 Republican primary debate, Trump was asked whether he was “sympathetic to the protesters’ cause since a $15 wage works out to about $31,000 a year.” His full answer, with the part Kaine is quoting in bold:

Days later, Trump clarified he was referring to whether he would increase the minimum wage. He would not raise it, because then it would be “too high,” he said.

Kaine correctly notes that Pence, as a congressman, voted in 2007 against raising the minimum wage above $5.15.

Pence made this claim in the context of abortion and choosing whether to be for or against abortion rights. But polling does not support this. In fact, it shows young adults’ views on abortion rights are about the same as their elders — unlike issues like marijuana and gay marriage, where young people are more liberal.

Among adults aged 18 to 29, 58 percent said abortion should be legal in all or most cases, and 39 percent said it should be illegal in all or most cases, according to a 2014 Pew Research Center poll. That was similar to those aged 30 to 49 (59 percent supported abortion, 38 percent opposed) and those aged 50 to 64 (56 percent supported, 37 percent opposed).

“Partial-birth abortion” is usually used to refer to later-term abortions using a specific fetus-extraction method.

Clinton has said she supports a ban on late-term abortions, including partial-birth abortions, as long as the health and the life of the mother are protected. As senator, Clinton opposed the Partial-Birth Abortion Act of 2003, which did not include a health exception.

Earlier this year, Clinton again said she is “on record in favor of a late pregnancy regulation that would have exceptions for the life and health of the mother.”

Trump has, indeed, said that countries such as South Korea, Japan and Saudi Arabia should have nuclear weapons because nuclear proliferation is inevitable. Trump has said that countries like Japan and South Korea would be “better off” if they were armed with nuclear weapons, in order to defend themselves from North Korea. And Trumps said he considers nuclear weapons a last resort, though he would not “rule anything out” regarding their use.

For example, during a CNN town hall in March, Trump was asked: “So if you said, Japan, yes, it’s fine, you get nuclear weapons, South Korea, you as well, and Saudi Arabia says we want them, too?”

Trump answered: “Can I be honest with you? It’s going to happen, anyway. It’s going to happen anyway. It’s only a question of time. They’re going to start having them or we have to get rid of them entirely. But you have so many countries already, China, Pakistan, you have so many countries, Russia, you have so many countries right now that have them.”

This is an odd, inaccurate comment. The Russia-Georgia war took place in 2008, when Clinton was still a U.S. senator. Bush’s secretary of state, Condoleezza Rice, lodged the protests. Whatever diplomatic pressure the Bush team had put on Russia over Georgia was abandoned when President Obama was elected and the administration decided to pursue the ill-fated “reset.”

Kaine gets this right, as Pence repeated a false claim that is popular on the right. The Clinton Foundation does not dole out grants, like a typical foundation, but instead directs the donations it raises directly for specified charitable activities. So simply only looking at the grants does not tell the whole story about the foundation’s activities.

The American Institute of Philanthropy’s “Charity Watch” gives the Clinton Foundation an “A” rating for its efficiency (the top rating is A+). It says the foundation spends 88 percent of its expenses on programs and 12 percent on overhead. It also says the Clinton Foundation spends just $2 to raise $100.

Send us facts to check by filling out this form

Check out our guide to all Trump and Clinton fact checks

Sign up for The Fact Checker weekly newsletter",1
4626,"How Gary Johnson's Vote Percentages Will Affect Libertarian Party Ballot Access, State By State","There has been a lot of weight placed in Libertarian expectations and hopes for the results for Gary Johnson next Tuesday in terms of getting 5 percent nationally, which will make the Party's next presidential candidate eligible for a category of federal election funds.

While saying things both concise and accurate about ballot access laws in America, which vary state by state in this here federal union, is difficult, you have often heard, including from Gary Johnson himself, that getting that 5 percent will help the Party with ballot access as well.

Technically, the national result, whatever it is, in and of itself has no effect at all on ballot access anywhere but Georgia. (There, a 20 percent result nationally wins petition-free access.)

Every other state's ballot access laws, if vote percents affect them at all, are dictated only by the percentages gained in that state.

That said, under most imaginable circumstances a national 5 percent will mean that the Party also did historically well in lots of individual states also.

What follows, derived from this state-by-state chart from the invaluable Ballot Access News edited by Richard Winger, is a list of what the Libertarian Party will get in terms of automatic, petition-free ballot access if certain vote percentages in that state are hit. A huge proportion of the Libertarian Party's time and effort goes to petitioning for access, so these accomplishments are a big deal for small parties.

It's important to note that any such earned automatic ballot access is not eternal, and in many cases applies only to the next election, 2018, not even to the next presidential election. Below I specify which states get that access for just 2018 or for both 2018 and 2020.

Again, all these vote percentages are in the states in question, not national. In almost all cases, it is not just the presidential ticket hitting this percentage that wins the prize, but any office the entire state is voting for. Thus, the Party can re-win the access in 2018 for 2020 with any office voted on statewide, even though there is not a presidential race in 2018.

Now, the percentages and what they get the Party, and where:

• 0.5 percent gets the Libertarian Party full ballot access without need to spend time and money on petitioning for 2018 in Michigan and New Mexico.

• 1 percent gets the Libertarian Party full ballot access without need to spend time and money on petitioning for 2018 in Kansas, Maryland, Nevada, and Wisconsin.

It would earn such access in both 2018 and 2020 in Oregon.

It would earn such access only for the president slot in 2020 in Connecticut.

• 2 percent gets the Libertarian Party full ballot access without need to spend time and money on petitioning for 2018 in Iowa.

It would earn such access in both 2018 and 2020 in Kentucky, Missouri, Montana, North Carolina, and Utah.

• 2.5 percent gets the Libertarian Party full ballot access without need to spend time and money on petitioning for 2018 in Oklahoma and Washington D.C. [Correction: D.C.'s standard technically is a hard 7,500 votes, which tends to be around that percentage.]

• 3 percent gets the Libertarian Party full ballot access without need to spend time and money on petitioning for 2018 in Arkansas, Idaho, and Massachusetts.

It would earn such access in both 2018 and 2020 in Ohio. [Correction: Since Johnson is on the Ohio ballot technically as an independent this year, not with the L.P. banner, it will be meaningless for Ohio access, alas.]

It would earn such access only for the president slot in 2020 in Alaska.

• 5 percent gets the Libertarian Party full ballot access without need to spend time and money on petitioning for 2018 in North Dakota, Tennessee, and Texas.

It would earn such access in both 2018 and 2020 in Arizona, Louisiana, Minnesota, [correction: Minnesota was mistakenly left off in original post], Nebraska, Rhode Island, and Washington state.

Some states have even higher hurdles to jump for that state's vote totals for president (or other offices voted on statewide) to earn automatic ballot access, or other special cases. (Election law is hard.)

And a group of states give third parties no special ballot access benefits no matter how well the presidential candidate does. Those states are: California, Delaware, Florida, Indiana, Mississippi, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New York, South Carolina, South Dakota, Vermont, West Virginia, and Wyoming.

Five percent nationally would be an amazing thing for the Johnson campaign and the Libertarian Party. But what really matters for ballot access moving forward is what happens state by state.",1
2996,"White House report offers more on NSA spying on Americans' calls, with Patriot Act set to expire","With debate gearing up over the coming expiration of the Patriot Act surveillance law, the Obama administration on Saturday unveiled a 6-year-old report examining the once-secret program to collect information on Americans' calls and emails.

The Office of the Director of National Intelligence publicly released the redacted report following a Freedom of Information Act lawsuit by the New York Times. The basics of the National Security Agency program had already been declassified, but the lengthy report includes some new details about the secrecy surrounding it.

President George W. Bush authorized the ""President's Surveillance Program"" in the aftermath of the terrorist attacks on Sept. 11, 2001. The review was completed in July 2009 by inspectors general from the Justice Department, Pentagon, CIA, NSA and Office of the Director of National Intelligence.

They found that while many senior intelligence officials believe the program filled a gap by increasing access to international communications, others including FBI agents, CIA analysts and managers ""had difficulty evaluating the precise contribution of the PSP to counterterrorism efforts because it was most often viewed as one source among many available analytic and intelligence-gathering tools in these efforts.""

Critics of the phone records program, which allows the NSA to hunt for communications between terrorists abroad and U.S. residents, argue it has not proven to be an effective counterterrorism tool. They also say an intelligence agency has no business possessing the deeply personal records of Americans. Many favor a system under which the NSA can obtain court orders to query records held by the phone companies.

The Patriot Act expires on June 1, and Senate Republicans have introduced a bill that would allow continued collection of call records of nearly every American. The legislation would reauthorize sections of the Patriot Act, including the provision under which the NSA requires phone companies to turn over the ""to and from"" records of most domestic landline calls.

After the program was disclosed in 2013 by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden, President Barack Obama and many lawmakers called for legislation to end that collection, but a bill to do so failed last year. Proponents had hoped that the expiration of the Patriot Act provisions on June 1 would force consideration of such a measure.

A bipartisan group of House members has been working on such legislation, dubbed the USA Freedom Act. White House press secretary Josh Earnest said Friday that Obama is pleased the efforts are restarting in the House.

""Hopefully, the next place where Democrats and Republicans will turn their attention and try to work together is on this issue of putting in place important reforms to the Patriot Act,"" Earnest said.

If no legislation is passed, the Patriot Act provisions would expire. That would affect not only the NSA surveillance but other programs used by the FBI to investigate domestic crimes, which puts considerable pressure on lawmakers to pass some sort of extension.",1
1649,"Donald Trump, media manipulator in chief","Dean Obeidallah, a former attorney, is the host of SiriusXM's weekly program ""The Dean Obeidallah Show,"" a columnist for The Daily Beast and editor of the politics blog The Dean's Report . Follow him on Twitter: @TheDeansreport . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the author.

(CNN) Donald Trump is winning! I'm not talking about the GOP presidential nomination, but about his success in controlling the way the media has covered him in the campaign.

Trump hosting ""Saturday Night Live"" this past weekend was a prime example. Last week the media coverage of Trump was almost exclusively focused on his upcoming appearance on SNL: Would Trump be funny? Could this hurt his campaign? Would a person yell out during the live show that Trump was a racist in protest at Trump's past comments about Latinos? And the list goes on. (I contributed to that coverage with this piece and with CNN appearances.)

Well, the Trump-helmed ""SNL"" has passed.

This has prompted many in the media to now ask: Was the show funny? Did any of the sketches make Trump look unpresidential? What was the point of Larry David calling Trump a racist during the show's opening monologue?

When the media focuses on these types of questions, I can only imagine that Trump must be smiling like a master puppeteer, making his marionettes (the media) dance. This is Trump's world, and the media are merely players in it.

Every time the media focuses on events such as Trump on ""SNL"" or his Twitter feuds and his fights with Fox News' hosts, the media is not pressing Trump on his understanding of public policy issues. And that's a big win for the master media manipulator Trump.

When Trump, or any presidential candidate for that matter, talks in detail about political issues, it's generally divisive.

In fact when Trump unveiled his tax plan in late September, that led many in the media to focus on whether his proposal was feasible, would it be revenue neutral as he claimed, was it a giveaway to the wealthiest Americans, etc.? It also gave his political opponents, such as Jeb Bush , fodder to attack Trump on a policy issue that could attract some GOP primary voters to his candidacy.

But potentially the biggest downside to Trump talking nuanced policy issues is that he has yet to impress us that he truly has a grasp of them, especially those outside the area of economics.

This is a guy who, when asked on ""Meet the Press"" in August where he gets his military advice from, responded: ""Well, I watch the shows. I mean, I really see a lot of great -- you know, when you watch your show and all of the other shows."" In Trump's defense, you can learn a lot about fighting if you watch ""The Real Housewives of New Jersey.""

And on Sunday, when asked by CNN's Jake Tapper how he would handle ISIS, Trump responded, ""we've got to hit ISIS hard ... hit their source of wealth, which is the oil. "" But when Tapper pressed him for details on how he would go about hitting ISIS ""hard,"" Trump coyly stated, ""I hate to say specifically because ... I'd hate to give up all my information up front.""

If Trump had been a former Army general or had even the slightest experience in foreign policy, you might be able to feel confident he truly has a plan. But let's be honest, you get the sense Trump simply hasn't given this much thought.

So what does Trump do to cover for his weakness? He steers the media away from topics he perceives as being detrimental to his campaign into areas where he's strongest. And who can blame him? Why not play to your strengths?

Plus, let's be blunt, most people are more interested in hearing about a celebrity-infused Twitter brawl than about wonky policy details. So for the media, going along with covering Trump the personality over the potential policymaker has an upside.

Between now and the February 1 Iowa GOP caucus, we will see even more of Trump trying to steer the media away from policy issues. Maybe in December we will see Trump show up on ""The Big Bang Theory"" as Sheldon's long-lost uncle. Perhaps in January, The Donald will serve as a guest judge on ""The Voice"" or don a beard and appear on ""Duck Dynasty."" And don't be surprised if Trump picks a Twitter fight with Kanye West, Miley Cyrus and a slew of Kardashians.

With the Iowa caucus only a little over two months away, it's the media's call: Let Trump pull the strings, or cut them and dance on your own? Letting Trump remain in control probably means higher ratings, but it also likely means a less informed electorate when it comes to Trump's views on policy issues. So what's it going to be?",1
3416,Republicans have a weapon to stop Obama recess appointment,"Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., is bent on refusing to consider any nominee President Obama may submit to succeed late Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia. And if he doesn’t give ground, Obama may have only one option for an end-run: a recess appointment.

But Republicans can rest easy: GOP leaders have an ace up their sleeve.

The truth is, it doesn’t take much to prevent a recess appointment, as long as congressional leaders are watching the calendar. Closely.

If you’re trying to block the president from making one to the Supreme Court, all the Senate has to do is commence a session every three days. Because the Senate is only truly in recess after that three-day period.

The Constitution actually requires the House and Senate to meet every three days unless there’s an agreement between the two bodies to skip, and go on recess. With the battle over a Supreme Court pick heating up, don’t expect that to happen in the near future.

All McConnell and House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., have to do is schedule what are called “pro-forma” sessions at three-day intervals for the rest of the year. Pro-forma sessions are brief meetings of the House and Senate, lasting but a minute or two – and sometimes, a matter of seconds. They help the House and Senate comport with the constitutional mandate of huddling every three days – even if they aren’t really doing anything.

The House and Senate don’t conduct any business during these confabs. In congressional parlance, they’re sometimes referred to as just “gavel-in, gavel-out.” No votes. No speeches. Few words are uttered at all.

The phrase “pro-forma” is derived from Latin, meaning “formality.”

Congress doesn’t consider itself adjourned or on recess if it’s “meeting” every three days. And that’s all it takes to block a recess appointment for the rest of the president’s term.

In 2011 and 2012, Democrats still controlled the Senate. But Republicans ran the show in the House. The GOP-controlled House refused to agree to an adjournment resolution in an effort to block Obama from scuttling a Senate filibuster of his nominees to the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) and Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB). Thus, the House and Senate met every three days.

In early 2012, the president made four recess appointments in the window between the three-day pro-forma sessions. But the Supreme Court later voided those appointments. The court said that was the point of the three-day sessions. The Senate was indeed in session. The Supreme Court ruled 9-0 against the administration’s brazen attempt to slip in appointments between the sessions every three days.

Ironically, Scalia, Chief Justice John Roberts and Associate Justices Clarence Thomas and Samuel Alito wrote a concurring opinion to the NLRB case. They argued “that recess appointments will remain a powerful weapon in the President’s arsenal.” They added it was “unfortunate because the recess power is an anachronism.”

When the roles were reversed, Democrats used the same tool.

For much of the final two years of President George W. Bush’s term, the Democrat-controlled Senate met every few days to block him from making a recess appointment.

In 2003, Senate Republicans blasted minority Democrats for holding up a number of judicial nominations. Democrats had particular trouble with the nomination of Judge Bill Pryor to the 11th Circuit Court of Appeals in Georgia. Democrats didn’t like Pryor’s views on women’s issues and homosexuality. So they filibustered Pryor.

During a summertime adjournment (not amid the three-day, pro-forma theater discussed here), Bush went around the Senate and appointed Pryor without its advice and consent.

Democrats may try to force Republicans to take that vote this summer, too. But Republicans know that the best way to prevent a recess appointment later this year is to just meet every three days.

Capitol Attitude is a weekly column written by members of the Fox News Capitol Hill team. Their articles take you inside the halls of Congress, and cover the spectrum of policy issues being introduced, debated and voted on there.",1
3802,5 key questions about shutting down Gitmo,"President Obama released a plan from the Pentagon on Tuesday that spelled out ways the United States can close the terrorist detention center at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and send the detainees elsewhere, including to facilities in the United States. Here are some of the key details about the plan and Guantanamo.

Where could the detainees go in the United States?

The plan says the Pentagon team inspected 13 different facilities inside the United States that could accommodate the detainees, but it did not name the sites. Even so, Defense Secretary Ash Carter and other officials have named several potential locations, starting with the military prison at Fort Leavenworth, Kan., and the naval brig at Charleston, S.C.

""That does not mean those sites will be chosen,"" Carter said last August.

Other potential sites include two prisons in Colorado, including the federal high security prison in Florence.

Convicted terrorists are already held in the Florence prison, including Zacarias Moussaoui, the only person convicted in civilian court for the Sept. 11, 2011, attacks; Faisal Shahzad, who tried to blow up a car bomb in New York's Times Square in 2010; and Ramzi Yousef, the mastermind of the 1993 bombing of New York's World Trade Center.

Elected officials from virtually every state with a facility that could house the Guantanamo detainees have protested, saying that moving the detainees there could jeopardize the safety of their residents.

Why can't the president just close Guantanamo?

In the recent effort last December, Congress approved a spending bill for 2016 that specifically bars Obama from closing the Guantanamo Bay detention facility or spending money on a new facility to house terrorists. Obama signed the bill despite provisions he didn't like, such as those about Guantanamo, to avoid a government shutdown.

A defense authorization bill Obama signed last year also included language prohibiting from closing Guantanamo and moving the detainees.

The plan released by Obama Tuesday was meant to show Congress how the prison could be closed and how much it would cost.

How many detainees remain in Guantanamo?

There are now 91 terrorist suspects remaining at the prison. Of those, 35 have been identified as being eligible for transfer out of the prison and to other countries, the Pentagon report said.

At one time during the Bush administration, there were almost 800 detainees at Guantanamo. More than 500 were transferred by the previous administration and 147 by Obama, Pentagon documents show.

Where have the detainees gone?

Since Oct. 1, 2014, Pentagon records show, 58 detainees have been transferred to Afghanistan, Bosnia-Herzegovina, Estonia, Georgia, Ghana, Kazakhstan, Kuwait, Mauritania, Montenegro, Morocco, Oman, Saudi Arabia, Slovakia, United Kingdom and Uruguay.

Oman, a small nation on the Persian Gulf, has taken the most — 20.

Who decides which detainees are eligible to leave?

That work is done by the Periodic Review Board, an interagency group including representatives from the Pentagon, Department of Homeland Security, Justice Department, State Department, the Office of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and the Office of the Director of National Intelligence.

The board uses current intelligence and other information to determine if ""the continued detention of the detainee remains necessary to protect against a continuing significant threat to the security of the United States,"" Pentagon records show.

The administration hopes to finish reviewing all detainees by this fall and to determine if any more are eligible for transfer.",1
1145,Democratic debate: 5 takeaways,"Flint, Michigan (CNN) It was no Republican debate -- nobody talked about the size of their hands or made up demeaning nicknames -- but Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders were ready for action Sunday night.

Personal frustration peeked through as Clinton unloaded new attacks on Sanders over his opposition to the auto bailout and Sanders portrayed Clinton as a candidate straight out of Wall Street central casting.

Sunday was also '90s night, as the candidates essentially re-litigated major political battles of the era -- including NAFTA, the assault weapons ban and crime bill -- through modern eyes.

The debate came two days before Michigan's primary -- a key test of whether Sanders can expand his appeal to a broader and more diverse electorate -- and was shaped by the concerns of voters in this city that is still struggling with a water crisis for which local, state and federal officials share the blame.

Here are five takeaways from Sunday's debate:

Sanders waved, shouted, eye-rolled, baited and goaded his way through the debate.

Clinton laid into his opposition to the auto industry bailout. That measure was part of a broader rescue of the financial industry, a point Sanders was only too happy to make by saying: ""If you are talking about the Wall Street bailout, where some of your friends destroyed the economy —""

And then Clinton said: ""If you're going to talk, tell the whole story.""

Sanders railed against the bailout, saying that he decided to ""let the billionaires themselves bail out Wall Street -- it shouldn't be the middle class"" -- when Clinton tried to interject again.

""Could I finish? You'll have your turn,"" he said.

He showed his frustration with Clinton again later, saying: ""Can I finish, please? All right?""

The exchange demonstrated a new level of comfort with the hand-to-hand combat of presidential campaigns. But it was also a risky move, making him sound potentially patronizing or dismissive of a candidate who could become the first female president.

This from a candidate who entered the race bragging about never running a negative ad. Sanders might keep their disputes focused on differences of policy -- but at times Sunday night, it looked and sounded personal.

When Clinton was asked about fracking, she launched into a nuanced answer that gave credence to localities, state governments, and more. Her bottom line: There wouldn't be many places where it would be OK under her.

Sanders had a much simpler answer. ""No,"" he said. He doesn't support it. And he said he doesn't care about all the Democratic governors who support it.

This, in a nutshell, is the difference between them. She has nuanced positions that look at the breadth of opinion across the country. She's also keenly aware of the limitations of government, and strains to keep her positions within those limits -- part of what she calls her ""responsibility gene.""

Sanders has definitive positions that take a look at his ideology. That's the Democrat's choice: nuance or no nuance.

This same difference showed up when the two delved into the Flint water crisis at the debate's outset.

Clinton's big move on stage -- her news-making comment at the debate's outset -- was one she'd resisted for months, arguing it was simplistic. But she went for it Sunday night, saying she agrees with Sanders in saying Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder needs to go. ""I agree the governor should resign or be recalled,"" she said.

""First thing you do is say, people are not paying a water bill for poison water. And that is retroactive,"" he said.

So she readied an attack that Sanders didn't seem prepared for, going at the Vermont senator for opposing the auto bailout.

""The money was there and had to be released in order to save the auto industry and 4 million jobs and to begin the restructuring,"" Clinton said. ""I voted to save the auto industry. He voted against the money that ended up saving the auto industry. I think that is a pretty big difference.""

Then, she ticked off a list of states where she thinks that vote will hurt Sanders.

""Given the terrible pressures that the auto industry was under and that the middle class of this state and Ohio and Indiana and Illinois and Wisconsin and Missouri and other places in the Midwest were facing, I think it was the right decision to heed what President-elect Obama asked us to do,"" she said. ""You were either for saving the auto industry or against it. I voted to save the auto industry and I'm very glad that I did.""

The damage was done: When Clinton dropped the auto bailout bomb, the audience audibly ooooohed, highlighting the potency of that argument in the home of the U.S. auto industry.

But he had his tone-deaf moments, sparking outrage on social media when he seemed to suggest that black people grow up poor and in ghettos and white people do not -- a particular eye-raiser because he'd been asked about his racial blind spots.

""When you're white, you don't know what it's like to be living in a ghetto, you don't know what it's like to be poor,"" Sanders said.

For Sanders, this is the central challenge facing his campaign. Clinton blew him out across the South among African-Americans, and Sanders can't withstand her doing so again in big, Midwestern states.

Michigan's March 8 primary will be a key test of whether Sanders can win with a more diverse electorate. The following week -- when Ohio, Illinois, Missouri, Florida and North Carolina vote -- will be his moment of truth.

Near the end of the debate, Sanders also cracked a joke about boosting funding for mental health, saying that ""when you watch these Republican debates, you know why we need to invest in mental health.""

It was the right target (Republicans) and the right audience (liberals) -- but perhaps the wrong topic, as he again risked appearing insensitive.

One for the base

The debate was a strong sign that both candidates still see room to gain or lose ground among liberal voters. They spent so much time jockeying to get to each other's left that there was virtually no talk of Republicans at all.

Clinton and Sanders defended government spending and intervention, teachers' unions, gun control, clean energy programs and efforts to fight climate change. They talked about a beefed-up role for the Environmental Protection Agency.

There was no talk about foreign policy, the deficit, entitlements -- subjects always front-and-center at Republican debates.

It's a clear sign that the Sanders camp doesn't see the Democratic nominating contest ending anytime soon, with liberal bastions like New York (which votes in April) and California (June) available as opportunities to rack up lots of delegates.

Increasingly, Clinton is eyeing the general election on the campaign trail -- axing her usual shots at Sanders from her stump speech, focusing on the economy and laying into Republican front-runner Donald Trump. That wasn't apparent Sunday night.",1
4069,"Solemn, stupefied, families in Kathmandu after earthquake","Kathmandu, Nepal (CNN) The clamor and chaos of the previous day has dissipated by the time we arrive at Kathmandu's only airport. The mad rush of 24 hours previously, in those first confusing, cacophonous hours following the 7.8-magnitude earthquake near the Nepali capital, had died down. Now, families sit, camped out, silent and patiently waiting, but for now abandoned.

At the airport, at passport control, we meet a Nepalese man, who is unable to contact his family. They live in a village 20 km from the epicenter. He also has two cousins on Everest, he says. He has no way to reach any of them.

Stepping out of the terminal building, the devastation is apparent. It is an overwhelming introduction to this city that, less than 48 hours ago, was hit by the worst earthquake this country has experienced in 80 years.

The death toll has skipped past 3,000 and climbs, inexorably. Taking into account the fact that many rural areas, just as badly affected but isolated and vulnerable, have yet to be evaluated, the human cost is staggering.

Across town the bus station is a hive of activity as scores try urgently to leave the city, to make it out to the outlying areas so badly affected by this quake. Communications are down and so many here are desperate to make it out to their stricken families, and discover their fate.

The scene is repeated at every gas station; snaking lines of Indian-made Tata cars, and motorcycles, waiting to fill up. People are clambering aboard buses, into cars, trying to get as far away from this devastation as possible.

Remaining inside Kathmandu, neighbors stare forlornly at their former homes, now collapsed piles of rubble. We visit a Montessori school, mercifully empty as the children had the Saturday off. A seven-story building behind it, however, was home to a small church, and housed a congregation of between 40 and 50 when tragedy occurred.

The pastor's son Nakul Tamang clambers up a ladder, looking for an entrance into the ruined facade, looking to retrieve his father, not knowing if he will find him alive or dead. Rescue teams stop him before he reaches the top. The building is not secure, but Tamang doesn't care. ""It's sad, it's hard,"" he says. Six bodies had already been pulled from the concrete and steel wreckage.

A nearby five-story structure has collapsed in on itself. It was pink, with wrought balconies. Now it is pancaked, reduced to a third of its height and a mess of rubble and reinforced steel. One woman has been pulled out of the wreckage, and rescuers continue to work in a precarious hollow scooped out from the fallen bricks. Officials tell the onlookers that there is a chance that survivors may have been protected in a corridor as the building came down around them.

A day after the earthquake struck, they found a woman under the rubble. Unhurt; in shock, but alive. It is this hope that keeps Narayan Gurung going: the belief that his wife and 7-year-old are still alive. ""I raced here after the earthquake. I haven't slept for days,"" he says. Workers dig painstakingly, slowly removing piles of stone and debris. They spot someone's hair, but can't yet reach the body or tell if it's male or female.

Wherever there is rubble in this city, there is a police or military presence. They are not necessarily commanding the digs but they keep onlookers from getting too close, or directing traffic as best they can. For their part, the onlookers look shell shocked -- there is little outpouring of grief, no sobbing or wailing, but rather a solemn, dazed, collective sense of disbelief.

Tundikhel Park was, just two days ago, a vast, open green oasis in the city, but is now a mess of tents. Some have made their own, the army is setting up others. Metal bleacher-style seating has been set up, with dozens of people sitting, waiting, makeshift blue tarp tents pitched underneath. People bring in fresh fruit, and there are water sellers -- although clean bottled water is becoming hard to to find. People queue endlessly for food and water.

There is a mobile government field hospital here, and those treated wait listlessly outside, a collection of crushed hands, broken legs, strapped ankles. One little boy was hit by a falling brick. ""I felt something like a fire, and I ran, and then something hurt me a lot."" he says. ""I am still scared.""

And so is everybody else: those who survived clinging to those they love.",1
3853,Just How Big Is The Asia Trade Deal Obama Wants? It's A Beast,"Just How Big Is The Asia Trade Deal Obama Wants? It's A Beast

One of the most basic facts about the Trans-Pacific Partnership is also the most important: It's huge.

The trade deal got over a big hurdle Friday when the Senate voted in favor of giving the Obama administration ""fast-track"" authority to negotiate the deal with Canada and 10 Asian nations.

That leaves the U.S. House, and it's unclear it has the votes yet. If it passes, though, TPP, which has angered many in the president's party, would be by far the largest free trade agreement the U.S. has in effect.

The 12 nations involved in TPP make up about 36 percent of global gross domestic product, or GDP, according to data from the International Monetary Fund. That sets the TPP well apart from the 14 free trade agreements the U.S. currently has in effect with 20 countries (to be fair, the U.S. accounts for nearly 23 percent of global GDP by itself).

Not only that, but these nations together account for about one-third of global trade, according to the Brookings Institution.

So the TPP stands apart from other trade agreements in its size. But that's only one dimension of its impact. Another way the TPP is gargantuan is tougher to quantify in a bar graph: its scope. It not only covers basic trade issues like tariffs, but also a variety of other areas like labor and environmental and intellectual property.

The size and scope of TPP matter because they are at the center of the debate. The Obama administration sees the deal's broad reach as positive — the agreement, the administration says, will open up the U.S. to all kinds of new markets and business.

Agribusiness companies, for example, are excited about having new avenues for their products. The labor and environmental provisions, the administration also argues, will force other nations to up their game on those issues, ""leveling the playing field.""

Not only that, but the TPP's size is all the more important for the one economic superpower that isn't included in it: China. One of the administration's top arguments for the deal is that in negotiating TPP, it ""writes the rules"" for trade with a large swath of eastern Asian countries before China can with its own trade agreements.

But opponents, like Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., worry about the sweep of the deal. Leaked chapters have intellectual property advocates, like the Electronic Frontier Foundation, worried it goes too far in areas like extending copyright laws and fair use rules. Doctors Without Borders has also argued the deal could make for more expensive generic drugs, restricting access to medicine for some consumers.

However, some wish the pact went further — environmental groups like the Sierra Club, for example, believe the provisions won't do enough to address overfishing.

But then, no one outside members of Congress, negotiators and a small group of cleared individuals has access to the pact, so it's hard to know exactly how far it will (or won't) go. And that is perhaps the source of the most tension in the TPP debate: that such a big deal is being negotiated behind closed doors.

If Congress grants the administration fast-track (also known as Trade Promotion Authority), it will mean two to four months for public comment before Congress gives the deal an up-or-down vote, with no amendments or debate.

The administration argues that this is unprecedented transparency for a trade deal. Opponents, however, believe it would be too little, too late in what has now been a seven-year negotiating process.",1
1396,Iowa's secretary of state rips Ted Cruz over campaign mailer,"""Today I was shown a piece of literature from the Cruz for President campaign that misrepresents the role of my office, and worse, misrepresents Iowa election law,"" Paul Pate, a Republican, said in a statement Saturday.

The mailer gave the recipient, along with their neighbors, poor grades based on their individual voting history. On one side, the mailer reads: ""ELECTION ALERT: VOTER VIOLATION,"" ""PUBLIC RECORD"" and ""FURTHER ACTION NEEDED.""

The other side of the mailer says ""VOTING VIOLATION"" in red letters at the top before text that reads:

""You are receiving this election notice because of low expected voter turnout in your area. Your individual voting history as well as your neighbors' are public record. Their scores are published below, and many of them will see your score as well. CAUCUS ON MONDAY TO IMPROVE YOUR SCORE and please encourage your neighbors to caucus as well. A follow-up notice may be issued following Monday's caucuses."" Cruz campaign spokeswoman Alice Stewart confirmed to CNN that the mailer was from the Cruz campaign. ""Accusing citizens of Iowa of a ""voting violation"" based on Iowa Caucus participation, or lack thereof, is false representation of an official act,"" Pate said in his statement. ""There is no such thing as an election violation related to frequency of voting. Any insinuation or statement to the contrary is wrong and I believe it is not in keeping in the spirit of the Iowa Caucuses."" Pate continued, ""Additionally, the Iowa Secretary of State's Office never 'grades' voters. Nor does the Secretary of State maintain records related to Iowa Caucus participation,"" Pate said. ""Also, the Iowa Secretary of State does not 'distribute' voter records. They are available for purchase for political purposes only, under Iowa Code."" Cruz, however, was defiant to reporters when asked about the mailer in Sioux City, Iowa, on Saturday night. ""I will apologize to no one for using every tool we can to encourage Iowa voters to come out and vote,"" he said. The mailer comes as Cruz is in a heated battle with GOP front-runner Donald Trump in the critical first-in-the-nation voting state. A Des Moines Register/Bloomberg Politics survey released Saturday night found Trump holding a slight lead in the Hawkeye State, 28% to 23%. Put the CNN election center to work on your device. Get the CNN app.",1
2959,"Clinton commits Benghazi gaffe, saying US 'didn't lose a single person' in Libya","Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton committed her second gaffe in as many days on the campaign trail Monday night, claiming that the U.S. ""didn't lose a single person"" in Libya during her time as secretary of state.

Clinton made the comment defending her push for regime change in the war-torn North African nation at an Illinois town hall hosted by MSNBC.

""Now, is Libya perfect? It isn't,"" Clinton said. After contrasting her approach toward Libya with the ongoing bloodshed in Syria's civil war, Clinton said ""Libya was a different kind of calculation and we didn't lose a single person ... We didn’t have a problem in supporting our European and Arab allies in working with NATO.""

Clinton made no mention of the Sept. 11, 2012 terror attack on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi, Libya that killed four Americans: U.S. Ambassador Chris Stevens, information officer Sean Smith, and former Navy SEALS Tyrone Woods and Glen Doherty.

Questions about the attack and its aftermath have dogged Clinton throughout her second run for the White House, with emails released by the State Department contradicting several aspects of her testimony before the House Select Committee investigating the attack.

Earlier Monday, Clinton's campaign was forced to scramble to clarify comments she made about coal jobs at a CNN town hall Sunday night.

""I'm the only candidate which has a policy about how to bring economic opportunity using clean renewable energy as the key into coal country,"" Clinton said, ""because we're going to put a lot of coal miners and coal companies out of business.""

With many workers in crucial primary states like Ohio and Illinois relying on such jobs, Clinton's campaign put out a statement stressing that, “Coal will remain a part of the energy mix for years to come” and Clinton’s plan would also safeguard workers’ retirement and health benefits.

Spokesman Brian Fallon said “no candidate in this race is more devoted to supporting coal communities than Hillary Clinton” and “any suggestions otherwise are false.""",1
361,House passes $612B defense policy bill despite veto threat,"The House passed a nearly $612 billion defense policy bill Friday despite President Obama's veto threat and Democratic worries that the measure opens the door to sharp cuts in domestic spending later this year.

The vote was 269 to 151 for the bill, which maps next year's military and national security programs.

A 2011 bipartisan budget deal placed caps on defense and domestic spending. The defense bill that passed skirts those limits by putting $89 billion of the total into an emergency war-fighting fund, which is exempt from the caps. Democrats predict that Republicans won't attempt to do end-runs around the spending caps when it comes to domestic spending.

Rep. Adam Smith of Washington state, the ranking Democrat on the House Armed Services Committee, urged his colleagues to vote against the bill.

""It doesn't fix the problem,"" Smith said. ""The president has promised to veto all the appropriations bills and the defense bill that are based on this flawed approach to the budget. So what we are doing here is ultimately not going to be successful until we come up with a better long-term solution to dealing with the budget caps.""

Rep. Mac Thornberry, R-Texas, chairman of the House Armed Services Committee, has acknowledged in recent days that the approach is not the best way to ""run a railroad.""

But he urged the Democrats Friday to vote for the bill anyhow by quoting the last line of an editorial published Friday in The Washington Post: ""Far better for him (Obama), and his party's leadership in Congress to help an adequate defense budget keep moving through Congress rather than perpetuate a fight all Americans, whether Republican or Democrat, might later regret.""

Overall, the House bill authorizes $515 billion in spending for national defense and another $89.2 billion for the emergency war-fighting fund for a total of $604.2 billion. Another $7.7 billion is mandatory defense spending that doesn't get authorized by Congress. That means the bill would provide the entire $611.9 billion desired by the president, but he and Democratic lawmakers still oppose it.

House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi wrote a letter on Thursday urging her colleagues to vote against the bill.

""The Republican defense authorization bill before the House is both bad budgeting and harmful to military planning -- perpetuating uncertainty and instability in the defense budget, and damaging the military's ability to plan and prepare for the future,"" the California Democrat wrote. ""As Defense Secretary (Ash) Carter said last week, Republicans' approach is `clearly a road to nowhere,' `managerially unsound' and `unfairly dispiriting to our force.' ""

The White House pushed back against a host of provisions in the bill, including one that would make it harder for Obama to close the military prison for terror suspects at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. On Ukraine, it calls for arming Ukrainian forces fighting Russian-backed separatists, a move the Obama administration has so far resisted.

The administration also opposes measures that aim to bypass the Iraqi government in Baghdad and give money directly to Iraqi Kurdish fighters. That has angered Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr, who threatened to attack U.S. interests if the provision passes.

The Senate version follows the same approach to funding the military. The Senate Armed Services Committee voted 22-4 on Thursday to authorize $523 billion in base funding for the Defense Department and other national security programs and an additional $90.2 billion for the emergency war-fighting fund.

In the House, lawmakers debated 135 amendments to the measure.

The House voted 221-202 to strip an immigration provision opposed by conservatives. The nonbinding provision would have encouraged a Pentagon study on allowing immigrants brought illegally to the country as children to enlist in the military. Conservatives who pushed the vote say the measure would have encouraged amnesty and validated what they consider to be unconstitutional actions Obama has taken to protect millions of immigrants from deportation.",1
1122,Top takeaways from the Miami Republican debate,"Before a critical round of primaries on Tuesday, the Republican presidential field gathered for a debate in Florida, site of perhaps next week's most pivotal contest.

Here are the top takeaways from Thursday night's debate:

You'd be forgiven if you assumed Thursday's debate would be something akin to a professional wrestling cagematch. After all, it was just a week ago that Trump was not-too-subtly defending his manhood in response to a recent jab from Marco Rubio about the size of his hands. There was none of that at the University of Miami. To be sure, there were shots at Trump, and he returned in kind, but they were mostly policy-oriented.

Rubio hit Trump on Social Security — ""the numbers don't add up,"" he said of Trump's proposals. Both Rubio and Ted Cruz took on the front-runner for being insufficiently supportive of Israel. ""On Israel, Donald has said he wants to be neutral between Israel and the Palestinians,"" Cruz said. ""As president, I will not be neutral."" That's a far cry from the tone and tenor of recent debates and perhaps a recognition by all the candidates — and particularly Trump, the favorite to emerge as the nominee — of a need to change the public's perception of the GOP campaign has voters look ahead to November.

Trump, perhaps the ultimate provocateur of the 2016 field, seemed almost stunned by what was happening on stage. ""So far, I cannot believe how civil it's been up here.""

It doesn't take sophisticated political analysis to understand that Rubio needs to win in his home state of Florida next Tuesday to maintain any semblance of a path forward, particularly after poor showings in this week's contests. The Florida senator has clearly moved away from the more personal assault on Trump, an approach he in recent days acknowledged he regretted.

On Thursday night, he aimed to take on Trump by more by demonstrating a superior understanding of policy, whether on entitlements or foreign policy. Rubio, the son of Cuban immigrants, also sought to draw a contrast with Trump on the restoration of relations between the United States and Cuba. Trump said he would've focused on making a better deal with the Communist nation. Rubio countered: ""Here's a good deal: Cuba has free elections, Cuba stops putting people in jail for speaking out, Cuba has freedom of the press . .... That's a good deal."" Earlier, pushing back against Trump's boasts against political correctness, the Florida senator scored some points with this line: ""I'm not interested in being politically correct. I'm interested in being correct.""

Polls paint a bleak picture for Rubio's hopes of overtaking Trump, but his more subdued, controlled approach to taking on the front-runner may at least give voters a glimpse of the candidate who, at least for a time, seemed to be the GOP establishment's best chance.

Cruz and Trump haven't found much to agree on recent weeks, but they did find common cause on one issue Thursday night: delegate math. ""I guess there's two of us up here that can, and there are two of us that cannot at this moment,"" Trump said, referring to himself and Cruz as the only two GOP hopefuls who can still win the nomination.

""Donald is right,"" Cruz said. ""There are only two of us that have a path to winning the nomination: Donald and myself."" Indeed, Trump and Cruz are far ahead in the delegate race, with the New York billionaire at 458 and Cruz with 359, according to the most recent Associated Press tally, more than 200 delegates ahead of Rubio's 151.

Cruz clearly wants a one-on-one battle with Trump, who, likewise, doesn't want delegates scattered so widely that it could increase the likelihood of a contested convention that ultimately turns against him. To that end, Trump laid down a marker for how he thinks the nomination should be decided, regardless of whether someone gets secures a majority 1,237 through the primaries, which he called ""a very random number.""

""I think that whoever gets the most delegates should win,"" Trump said. ""That's what I think.""

Ohio Gov. John Kasich, like Rubio, faces a must-win in his home state on Tuesday. In the University of Miami debate he sought, as he has throughout the campaign, to highlight his experience. He cited the support he had from ""55% of the foreign policy experts in this country"" and detailed his many years on the House Armed Services Committee.

He also defended some of his views that aren't exactly in sync with many of the party's most conservative activists. On Common Core, he said ""all I'm in favor of in Ohio is high standards."" Contrast that with Cruz, who called Common Core ""a disaster."" On the environment, Kasich said ""I do believe we contribute to climate change, but I don't think it has to be ... either you're for some environmental stringent rules or, you know, you're not going to have any jobs. The fact is, you can have both.""

These positions might be seen as heretical among some conservatives, but if — and it's a giant if — he can survive in the race long enough for states with larger segments of more moderate voters to hold contests, those views could position him as a more viable alternative to Trump or Cruz.",1
1821,Romney's Exit Unleashes Race for Donors Among 2016 Hopefuls,"Mitt Romney's exit from the presidential campaign has unleashed a frenzy of fresh fundraising and set off a new race for the backing of donors who had remained loyal to the 2012 Republican nominee.

Big dollars were said to flow immediately on Friday to former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush, who already had won over several of Romney's past donors. New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie claimed the support of others who were waiting on Romney to make a decision about whether to seek the White House a third time.

Tony Carbonetti, a Christie supporter and top aide to former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani, a 2008 GOP candidate, said every major Republican donor got at least two calls on Friday — one from Christie's people and one from those promoting Bush.

None of the Republicans considering a run for president has formally entered the race. But most have established political committees that effectively serve as campaigns-in-waiting of varying sophistication. That step allows the politicians to raise money to pay for travel, staff and the logistics of getting ready to run for the White House.

The competition for donors to those organizations is fierce, with commitments signaling the potential strength of a nascent campaign and laying the groundwork for more fundraising to come.

Romney raised more than $57 million before the first voting in 2012, and that figure is often cited as this campaign's benchmark.

Even before Romney's announcement Friday, Bush had picked off several of Romney's past supporters. Among them was Lisa Wagner, a top Midwest fundraiser for Romney in 2012 who pushed hard to win over others Friday.

""I've raised a million dollars in the four hours since he announced that I otherwise would not have raised,"" she said. Her converts included Bill Kunkler, part of Chicago's wealthy Crown family, who had been holding out for Romney.

""I'll work for Jeb. Period. And no one else,"" he said.

Christie had his own pickups. None was more significant than Bobbie Kilberg, a Virginia-based fundraiser who said she and her husband were all-in for the former federal prosecutor.

""We will support him financially and we will be bundlers for him,"" she told The Associated Press, referring to the practice of rounding-up donations from friends, family and colleagues for a campaign.

Ray Washburne, the outgoing finance chairman of the Republican National Committee, has taken up the same position with Christie's political action committee. Washburne said his phone started ringing early Friday.

""It's been very, very positive. A lot of people that were kind of fence-sitters have come off the fence,"" he said. ""We've been very, very encouraged.""

Others were too upset or stunned by Romney's announcement to decide what to do next. That includes Bill Simmons, a Washington-based donor who raised money for both of Romney's previous campaigns.

""I haven't fully thought about the next step,"" he said.

He said Romney's announcement was like seeing his favorite team lose in the playoffs and then having to decide for whom to cheer in the Super Bowl. ""I guess I'll watch the game a little bit.""

Romney's flirtation with the race may have created space for a third candidate to compete alongside Bush and Christie for the support of establishment-minded donors and fundraisers.

With his exit, there is now room for someone else to step into that spot. In the hours after Romney's announcement, several GOP donors said Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker appeared to have the edge.

The news came at the end of a big week for Walker. He earned a standing ovation from a conservative crowd at a forum in Iowa last Saturday. The next day, he spoke to wealthy conservatives in California at an event organized by the billionaire brothers Charles and David Koch.

Walker ended the week in Washington as the guest of wealthy Republican donor Fred Malek.

""Walker fits into that mainstream group, and this means he's getting a lot of interest and attention lately,"" said Republican consultant Charlie Black.

So, too, might Florida Sen. Marco Rubio, who spent the week courting donors on the West Coast, Texas and Chicago after attending the Koch brothers' event.

Few donors interviewed after Romney's announcement mentioned the several candidates likely to compete to the right of Christie and Bush. That group includes Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul, Texas Sen. Ted Cruz, former Texas Gov. Rick Perry and former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee.

""Mitt was going to probably occupy a different place on the shelf than me,"" Huckabee said. ""I don't know that it has any impact on support, donors. It probably has a bigger impact on Jeb Bush and Chris Christie.""

South Carolina political strategist Warren Tomkins warned against singling out any one candidate, or type of candidate, as the clear beneficiary of Romney's decision.

""It still goes back to having a good message and a good messenger,"" said Tompkins, Romney's South Carolina campaign chairman in 2012. ""If you've got that, then at some point you get momentum, and then the money will come.""",1
2423,The new surgeon general's 4 rules for health,"President Obama nominated him for the post of US surgeon general, the nation's top spokesperson for public health, back in November 2013. The Senate then promptly blocked his nomination for more than a year, particularly after the National Rifle Association criticized a letter Murthy had co-signed in support of gun control measures. Murthy only got confirmed in December 2014 after some red-state Democrats who were losing their seats anyway decided to switch course and back him.





In person, however, it's harder to see how the mild-tempered Murthy became such a lightning rod. He meditates daily, he told me, to ""center myself, a chance for me to remember who I want to be every day."" And he's starting his tenure with a listening tour that took him across America — rather than a push for any particular policies. Indeed, he has already said he wasn't interested in using his post ""as a bully pulpit for gun control.""

Before his swearing-in ceremony today, I spoke with Murthy at length about what he sees as the biggest public health issues facing the country, what he hopes to achieve as surgeon general, and why the best ways to boost health may have nothing to do with medicine.

The surgeon general is essentially the nation's top spokesperson on health matters. Past officeholders have often used the position to call attention to pressing public health issues such as smoking or obesity. Murthy plans to do the same. But though he's a physician by training, he argues that institutions outside of medicine often have the biggest impact on public health.

""I first started thinking about that when I was practicing medicine,"" Murthy says, ""and I realized that I would sit in the clinic with patients or sit at their bedside, and talk to them about changing their diet, about improving their physical activity. I would question how much of an impact I was having on their ultimate decisions about their lifestyle. If you ask any doctor or nurse who has cared for patients, they will often tell you they have had similar experiences.""

""It’s often our family and friends who can impact the choices we make around food""

He elaborated: ""If we think about ourselves, it’s often our family and friends who can impact the choices we make around food. It’s the food options that are available at work or in the cafeteria that might impact the choices we make during the third of our lives we spend at work. It can be what we hear in church Sunday morning that impacts how we think about important issues in our society.

""That’s why I have come to believe if we are going to overcome the great health challenges our country faces right now, we have to do so with a coalition of leaders. This includes not only doctors, nurses, and health professionals but also our employers, schools, faith-based organizations, civic institutions, and the various people and institutions in our country that actually impact decisions people make day to day.""

Take, for instance, the obesity crisis, which Murthy has called one of his top priorities. He argues that it's not enough to engage doctors on this issue — employers, faith-based organizations, and other institutions need to play a role, too.

""I want to make sure I’m working with employers to make physical activity a greater part of work culture — recognizing that this not only has benefits for the physical health of employees but also positive effects on emotional well-being and mental function,"" he says.

The same goes for mental health, which needs to be addressed by institutions outside of medicine. ""I want to work with faith-based leaders to address the negative attitudes associated with mental illness,"" he explains.

This, in general, fits with Murthy's broader approach to public health: ""We have to do more than build hospitals and more clinics. We have to invest in prevention and community prevention, and recognize that institutions that don’t have the word health in their name — faith-based groups, employers, schools — have a massive impact on the health decisions people make every day. That's why we have to engage these institutions in doing their part to improve health.""

So how does Murthy focus on staying healthy? ""I have four rules I follow for myself,"" he says.

""One is to eat healthy. I tend to avoid salt, added sugar, and processed foods whenever possible, and try to eat fresh fruits and vegetables as part of all my meals whenever possible.

""Second is to stay physically active. That means not just going to gym but incorporating activity into whatever I do, whether that’s taking the stairs or converting sitting meetings to walking meetings whenever possible.

""Third is making sure I’m focusing on my emotional and mental well-being. For me, an important part of that is the meditation practice that I do every morning. It’s a chance for me to center myself, a chance for me to remember who I want to be every day.

""The fourth thing is I remind myself to stay away from toxic substances like tobacco and drugs.""

The surgeon general doesn't just promote public health. From his perch, Murthy will also likely have to play a role in combating misinformation. I asked him about Dr. Oz, arguably the most famous health proselytizer in America, who has come under fire for his use of pseudoscience. ""I have never actually watched Dr. Oz on TV so I can’t really comment,"" Murthy says.

""Too often, doctors and nurses don’t speak out when it’s needed the most""

But Murthy does agree that the public often faces a problem in sorting through all the health information out there: ""In general, when people think about diet and physical activity, there’s a lot of information out there, and it can be very confusing for people. That's why I think it’s very important for us to understand the science behind the recommendations we make around diet and physical activity.""

He adds, ""I have been on the road a lot these last few months. One of the things that came up time and again was the pervasive misinformation that exists around certain hot-button issues. Diet is one of them. In recent months, in light of the measles outbreak, there has also been some confusion around vaccinations. That was an issue I spoke about a lot on the road, helping people understand that when it comes to the measles vaccine it's both safe and effective, and there's no link to autism.""

So what's Murthy's role in all this? ""I will continue to make sure we are getting scientifically grounded messages out there to the public about questions that concern them the most,"" he says. ""But it's not just the responsibility of the surgeon general but of every public health professional who understands science, who is trained to evaluate evidence, and who knows the cost we incur when patients are misinformed about the treatments they need.

""Too often, doctors and nurses don’t speak out when it’s needed the most — when there are controversies around issues, whether it be vaccines or e-cigarettes or other health topics. They can not only answer questions that the public may have but also push our institutions and policymakers and leaders to find answers when we don’t have them.""

Murthy's mention of e-cigarettes brought up a related question. E-cigarettes are one of the biggest puzzles facing the medical community right now, since the science behind them is still so nascent. So how does he think about the issue?

""Our scientific understanding of e-cigarettes has been far outpaced by the actual use of e-cigarettes""

""Our scientific understanding of e-cigarettes has been far outpaced by the actual use of e-cigarettes,"" Murthy says. ""This means people are asking questions we don’t always know the answers to. Some of those questions are: Do e-cigarettes have adverse effects on health? Do they lead children to be more open to smoking regular cigarettes? And do they help with cessation for people who are current smokers? These are questions we haven’t adequately answered yet through research — but we have to do so because, as a recent CDC report showed, e-cigarettes use tripled over the last year among youth. That to me is very concerning when we don’t fully understand the potential adverse impacts of e-cigarettes.""

He continues, ""Should we promote or allow the use of e-cigarettes by minors and by people who don’t smoke at all? This is where I'm concerned. We know nicotine is not a benign substance. We know it has potential harmful effects on the body including the development of the adolescent brain. Speaking as a regular person, I would not want my children — if I were blessed enough to have children — to be exposed to nicotine unnecessarily, whether that’s through their smoking of e-cigarettes or traditional cigarettes or whether that was through secondhand vapor or smoke.""

In April, Murthy did a public service announcement on Sesame Street to remind kids to get vaccinated. Can we expect more of that in the future?

""The public service announcement we did with Elmo around vaccines was just one example of the different types of communication tools we want to use to make sure we’re getting the right message to kids and adults about health,"" Murthy said. ""But to make sure we’re reaching everybody — to use a variety of messengers, messages, channels. We have to be creative about how we do it.

""When it comes to obesity, thinking about nutrition, I want to work closely with our entertainment leaders and our leaders in sports to make sure we’re setting positive role models for kids in particular when it comes to choices around physical activity and nutrition. """,1
5242,How Clinton's Email Controversy Is Affecting Her Campaign,"With just 59 days remaining until Election Day, Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton is still facing questions - and attacks - over her email controversy.

Her Republican opponent Donald Trump took shots at her over the issue Thursday while speaking in Cleveland.

""Remember, Hillary Clinton was emailing about the drone program among many other extremely sensitive matters. This is yet more evidence that Clinton is unfit to be your commander in chief,"" the business mogul charged.

Clinton has claimed that she didn't send or receive any email with classified marking, but a new report from Fox News says that a Clinton email had classified markings on virtually every paragraph.

Meanwhile, Clinton talked freely about her faith to the National Baptist Convention, the oldest African-American Baptist denomination.

""Sometimes people ask me, are you a praying person? And I tell them, 'If I wasn't one before, one week living in the White House or on the campaign trail would've turned me into a praying person,"" she said in Kansas City, Missouri, Thursday,

Clinton's lead over Trump has been dropping in the polls in recent days. But the race will, as always, come down to the Electoral College, especially in the swing states -- and the polls show the race getting tighter in four of the key states.

In a new Quinnipiac poll that also includes the two independent candidates, Trump has a slight lead in Ohio, but is tied with Clinton in Florida. The former secretary of state, however, holds slim leads in Pennsylvania and North Carolina.

While Clinton still appears to be ahead in the Electoral College, the campaign is far from over.

Both candidates are likely to focus the last two months of the campaign on the battleground states, where the race will almost certainly be decided.",1
3738,Police say 170 arrested in deadly biker gang shootout at Texas restaurant,"Police in Waco, Tex., said Monday they had arrested 170 people after a shootout involving multiple biker gangs at a restaurant that left at least nine people dead.

While investigators worked to piece together precisely what happened on Sunday, authorities said they remained alert after receiving threats of possible retaliation against police officers after the chaotic brawl.

The sea of people arrested were charged with engaging in organized criminal activity, which is a capital murder charge due to the number of victims, Sgt. W. Patrick Swanton, a Waco police spokesman, said at a news conference Monday.

“There was a significant danger here yesterday because of the amount of violence that occurred behind us here,” Swanton said while standing in front of the restaurant.

The spasm of deadly violence began when members of biker gangs began fighting inside the restroom of Twin Peaks, a restaurant in a retail strip on Interstate 35 known to locals as a biker bar. In addition to firearms, the fighting involved fists, feet, knives and chains, officials said.

Swanton said that gunfire began inside the restaurant before spilled out onto the patio bar area and then into the parking lot. Several shooting victims were found near the front of the restaurant or in the parking lot around it, he said.

“We had wounded inside, we had people stabbed, we had people shot and we had people beat,” Swanton said.

There were already 18 police officers and another four officers from the state Department of Public Safety in the parking lot because officials had received information about the danger posed by these gangs being in the same place, Swanton said. Once outside, the bikers turned their gunfire on the police officers who responded, he said.

“Those officers’ reactions…to a very hostile, deadly situation saved our citizens’ lives yesterday afternoon,” Swanton said.

After the fighting, authorities said that nine people had been killed, and remarkably no police officers or other bystanders in the area had been injured.

The 170 people taken into custody were initially taken to the city’s convention center for processing before being brought to the McLennan County Jail, which was still working to process all of these individuals on Monday.

Police originally said 192 people were arrested, but Swanton revised that number on Monday and said it was possible the number could still change as they continued to sift through all of the names.

The jail, located about 15 minutes away from the retail strip where the shootings occurred, was still working Monday morning to process all of the people who had been arrested, an official said.

Authorities continued to investigate the area around the Twin Peaks restaurant on Monday. More than 100 motorcycles and dozens of other vehicles remained in the parking lot.

“We’re not in a rush,” Swanton said. “This is obviously a very large investigation involving numerous agencies and organizations, and we’re going to get it right.”

[Police: Restaurant has some answering to do]

Swanton said police have received information about “payback” against officers and reports of bikers flooding into the area after the shooting. As a result, he said officers have been stationed around the region to watch for any threat.

“There was a green light put out on law enforcement is our understanding from last night,” he said Monday. “We’re aware of that threat, and we have the appropriate response if we have to face that.”

The brawl occurred on Sunday at noon at the sports bar, with violence erupting and sending terrified patrons diving for cover in a busy Central Texas shopping center.

Swanton was critical of the restaurant, saying after the shootout that its management has “not been of much assistance to us.”

It was typical to see motorcycles parked outside of Twin Peaks, said Saul Cornejo Bravo, 19, a server at a Mexican restaurant next door.

“But not that many, especially on a Sunday afternoon,” he said. “Usually I see them there later at night.”

Bravo said that he was working on Sunday when the shooting occurred, and within seconds he saw emergency vehicles flooding the parking lot.

He saw one man wearing a biker’s vest who appeared to have been shot in the stomach. Paramedics tried to perform CPR for several minutes, Bravo said. “Then they just covered him up,” he said.

Off-duty police officers shopping in the retail strip rushed to the scene despite lacking any protective gear, Swanton said. Meanwhile, some of the people who ran away from Twin Peaks as the chaos unfolded took shelter behind an empty building.

“We sat there gathering our wits,” said J.R., who works at Cabela’s Outpost, an outdoors store across the parking lot from Twin Peaks. “At first you think it’s like a carjacking or something. But then, with all the shots and people running you realize it’s something more serious.”

Police said in a statement Monday said the Twin Peaks restaurant and parking lot were “still a very active crime scene” — one that “is littered with bullets, blood and other evidence. Civilian as well as Police units with bullet holes remain to be processed.” Parts of Central Texas Market Place, where the Twin Peaks sports bar is located, were expected to remain closed for the day, police said.

Five known gangs were believed to be involved in the brawl, Swanton said, but he would not identify them on Monday.

“I am not about to give them the respect of mentioning their names…. We don’t care what their names are, and we’re not going to give them publicity,” he said.

Swanton said it was still not clear how many shots were fired by gang members or police. It was unclear whether any of the nine bikers killed in the fight were shot by police.

“It was chaos,” said J.R., who declined to give his last name. “People were screaming and going crazy. Most of it seemed to be in the parking lot, and it was over very quickly.”

All of the people charged with organized crime activity will face a capital murder charge, Swanton said, due to the number of people killed Sunday. Texas state law says that a person who murders more than one other person “during the same criminal transaction” can face this charge, while  suspects can be charged with organized criminal activity if they carry out a murder or capital murder as part of a criminal street gang.

Eighteen people were taken to hospitals after the brawl with injuries that included stab and gunshot wounds, Swanton said. Some victims were being treated for both, he told reporters in Central Texas on Sunday.

“I was amazed that we didn’t have innocent civilians killed or injured,” Swanton said, according to the Associated Press, which noted:

McLennan County Sheriff Parnell McNamara said all nine who were killed were members of the Bandidos or Cossacks gangs, according to the AP.

A threat assessment released last year by the Texas Department of Public Safety classified the Bandidos gang in the second-highest tier threat. The Department of Justice lists the Bandidos as one of the handful of organized motorcycle gangs that “pose a serious national domestic threat.”

[How the Bandidos became one of the world’s most feared biker gangs]

For some in the region, they could sense rising friction between the different motorcycle gangs when members were at the same bars and restaurants.

“There were these little tiffs going on, and then you add alcohol,” said Richard, a motorcycle enthusiast who also declined to give his last name. “I just felt like there was tension.”

He said biker had activity had increased in and around Waco in the last few years, probably because of its proximity to both the Dallas-Fort Worth area and Austin.

“Ninety nine percent of of the people who ride bikes are good people, doctors, lawyer, engineers,” said Richard, an engineer. “It’s the one percent that don’t care about anything. They say, ‘We’ll do what we do.’ It was a rude awakening for the rest of us. Is this going to land on our doorsteps? Is this what we have to look forward to? What happens if we’re wearing the wrong shirt in the wrong neighborhood? That’s what has a lot of us worried.”

On Sunday, witnesses described seeing a mass shootout that involved dozens of of guns being fired inside the restaurant and in the parking lot along Interstate 35, according to CBS affiliate KWTX. The station reported that panicked patrons and employees sought refuge from the mayhem in the restaurant freezer.

Hours later, authorities from multiple law enforcement agencies — including local and state police, and the federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives — were still trying to secure the area and survey the large crime scene, which was littered with more than 100 weapons.

“In 34 years of law enforcement, this is the most violent crime scene I have ever been involved in,” Swanton said, according to the Waco Tribune-Herald. “There is blood everywhere. We will probably approach the number of 100 weapons.”

Swanton called it “one of the worst gun fights we’ve ever had in the city limits. They started shooting at our officers.”

The officers returned fire, Swanton said, and some armed bikers were shot by police. Swanton defended the officers’ actions and said they prevented more deaths.

“Their action has saved lives in keeping this from spilling into a very busy Sunday morning,” he said, according to CNN. “Thank goodness the officers were here, and took the action that they needed to take to save numerous lives.”

Authorities said it was not immediately clear what precisely triggered the violence, but the potential for conflict did not surprise the Twin Peaks staff or officers. McLennan County District Attorney Abel Reyna told the AP that tensions between the gangs had been building for months.

Police were bracing for violence: Swanton said Waco police officers and state officers were at the sports bar when the fighting began and that they had secured the area because they “expected issues.” He said the restaurant’s management requested the officers in anticipation of trouble.

“We have been made aware in the last few months of rival biker gangs — rival criminal biker gangs — being here and causing issues,” Swanton said. “We have attempted to work with the local management of Twin Peaks to get that cut back, to no avail. They have not been of much assistance to us.”

Jay Patel, operating partner for the Twin Peaks franchise in Waco, said in a statement Sunday: “We are horrified by the criminal, violent acts that occurred outside of our Waco restaurant today. We share in the community’s trauma. Our priority is to provide a safe and enjoyable environment for our customers and employees, and we consider the police our partners in doing so.”

Patel added that “our management team has had ongoing and positive communications with the police and … we will continue to cooperate with the police as they investigate this terrible crime.”

Swanton called Patel’s statement a “fabrication,” according to the AP, which reported that the Waco police “described the management as uncooperative with authorities in addressing concerns about the gangs.”

“Are we frustrated? Sure,” Swanton said, according to CNN. “Because we feel like there may have been more that could have been done by a business to prevent this.”

Police said Monday that the Texas Alcoholic Beverage Commission “is implementing a Summary Suspension closing Twin Peaks for at least 7 days. This is not a punitive action on TABC’s part but done due to the ongoing danger it presents to our community.”

CBS affiliate KWTX reported that the Twin Peaks corporate office canceled the Waco store’s franchise agreement on Monday.

“We are in the people business and the safety of the employees and guests in our restaurants is priority one,” the company said in a statement, according to KWTX. “Unfortunately the management team of the franchised restaurant in Waco chose to ignore the warnings and advice from both the police and our company, and did not uphold the high security standards we have in place to ensure everyone is safe at our restaurants.

“We will not tolerate the actions of this relatively new franchisee and are revoking their franchise agreement immediately. Our sympathies continue to be with the families of those who died and are very thankful no employees, guests, police officers or bystanders were hurt or injured.”

A witness who had just finished lunch at a nearby restaurant told KWTX that he and his family walked into the parking lot when they heard multiple gunshots and saw wounded people being removed from the scene.

“We crouched down in front of our pickup truck because that was the only cover we had,” said the man, who asked not to be identified.

Another witness, Michelle Logan, told the Tribune-Herald: “There were maybe 30 guns being fired in the parking lot, maybe 100 rounds. They just opened fire. … There’s a lot of people in the hospital, a lot of people shot.”

Vehicles parked near the restaurant were riddled with bullet holes, the newspaper noted.

Headquartered in Dallas, Twin Peaks is a casual dining chain with dozens of locations nationwide that employs a largely female staff scantily clad in plaid shirts and mini shorts.

“Twin Peaks Girls,” the company advertises, offer customers “signature ‘Girl Next Door’ charisma and playful personalities.”

The Waco location opened in August and was touted by a company spokesman as offering 24 types of beer and 55 flatscreen TVs, as well as “Bike Night” on Thursdays.

“Get revved up and ready to go at Twin Peaks bike night,” a calendar on the Twin Peaks Waco Web site advertised.

Holley, du Lac and Berman reported from Washington. Madigan reported from Waco.

[This post, originally published on May 17, has been updated multiple times.]",1
2745,"You really expect me to believe that? Hillary Clinton, Barack Obama and our liberal media","Reporter: Mr. President, when did you first learn that Hillary Clinton used an email system outside the U.S. government for official business when she was Secretary of State?

POTUS: The same time as everybody else, through news reports.

On Sunday, President Obama insisted he knew nothing about Hillary Clinton and her use of a separate server to send email while serving as his secretary of state for four years, and learned about it through news reports along with the rest of us. How many times have we seen this movie? How many times has this administration been confronted with a scandal only to have the president or his spokesmen make this statement with straight faces?

It makes you wonder: What goes on behind the scenes that results in these whoppers? Since this administration lives in a fantasy land, let's imagine scenes of our own:

RG: Mr. President, we're so very sorry to interrupt your game --

POTUS, staring at VPOTUS, irritated: Why are you here?

RG: Sir, it looks like that Air Force One photo-op over Manhattan almost caused a massive panic. We need a response from you.

POTUS: Joe, can't you handle this?

VPOTUS: It's your plane, sir. Mine was flying over Pittsburgh and no one noticed.

RG: We have your talking points, sir. Just tell the press, ""It was a mistake. It was something we found out about along with all of you.""

POTUS: Fine. Now get lost, both of you.

That scenario may be fictional -- but those were, in fact, the very words Obama used.

March 22, 2011, 11:15 AM. Oval Office. WH Press Secretary Jay Carney and Biden enter. Obama is yawning.

JC: Sir, we have a situation. The Republicans have learned about Fast and Furious killing that agent. CNN wants to know how much you knew.

POTUS: Big deal. I'll tell 'em -- how's this -- ""I heard on the news about this Fast and Furious story where allegedly"" -- (laughs) get that? -- ""guns were being run into Mexico."" What the hell. I'll also say ""the Attorney General has been very clear he knew nothing about this.""  Holder will owe me one. Where's Biden with my coffee?

Those were the very phrases Obama uttered that day.

JC: The cat's out of the bag, Mr. President. They know about the IRS going after those

Tea Party nuts. You have to say something during your presser with Cameron today.

Later that day, at White House press conference with British PM David Cameron.

POTUS: Well let me take the IRS situation first. I first learned about it from the same news reports that I think most people learned about this. I think it was on Friday.

JC: Another problem, sir. DOJ subpoenaed the AP to get those phone records. The press ain't happy about this.

POTUS: Can't you see I'm busy? You take care of it. (Looking irritated at Biden) Shouldn't you be at a funeral?

JZ: Come on, man, shoot! Ain't got all day.

Later that day at the White House Press Briefing:

Reporter: When did the president find out about the Department of Justice subpoenas for the Associated Press?

JC:  Yesterday. We found out about the news reports yesterday on the road.

VPOTUS: Jay, we've got a situation. They know about those fraudulent VA reports. This one's big! What should we do?

JC: (sigh) I'll take care of it. Get me a Starbucks.

Reporter: The delays have been known for some time, but the fraudulent --

JC: If you mean the specific allegations that I think we're reported first by your network, I believe we learned about them through the reports.

It is simply inconceivable -- no, unbelievable -- that the press knows more about the scandals surrounding this administration than does the administration.

It begs the question: So why do the media put up with this nonsense? They know that they're being played for fools and yet they go along with it, time and again. Their loyalty to Barack Obama is that strong.

Why does this administration constantly lie? Because they can.

L. Brent Bozell III is founder and president of the Media Research Center.",1
523,Obama says Republican budget just helps the rich. Is he right?,"While the House and Senate GOP budget plans are short on details, it's clear that spending cuts will be steep, probably including lower spending on education and the social safety net.

In this Tuesday, March 17, 2015, photo, House Budget Committee chairman Rep. Tom Price (R) of Georgia, center, holds up a synopsis of the House Republican budget proposal as he announces the plan on Capitol Hill in Washington. The GOP-led House Budget Committee, on Thursday, gave party-line approval to a sweeping balanced budget plan, but the measure faces a rewrite next week to overcome opposition from the party's defense hawks.

Even as congressional Republicans pursue deficit-cutting budget plans, President Obama has been quick to dismiss the new proposals as failing to meet the crucial goal of shoring up America’s middle class.

“Their budget doles out even more to those who already have the most, makes massive cuts to investments that benefit all of us, asks middle-class families to foot the bill,” Mr. Obama said in a Cleveland speech on Wednesday.

The Republicans in charge of Congress clearly disagree. Their budget plans passed out of House and Senate committees Thursday on straight party-line votes.

So, when Obama says the proposals in Congress would merely pave “a path to prosperity for those who have already prospered,” is he on the mark?

The short answer is that, although it’s hard to be too definitive about a plan that’s lacking in detail, the president appears to have good cause to bark up this tree.

Even some of the Republicans who are potential leading contenders for the presidential nomination in 2016 acknowledge the deep economic anxieties that mainstream Americans feel. Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush is focusing on the “right to rise,” in a nod to the goal of upward mobility.

Yet in the GOP fiscal plans, which now go before the full House and Senate, the middle class is not front and center. Instead, the plans emphasize the goal of getting annual federal deficits down to zero by a decade from now. They provide little detail on what the spending cuts and tax reforms to reach that goal are – let alone how those changes will affect middle- or working-class families.

What Republicans have signaled is that entitlements are on the block, including an overhaul of Medicare. Both the House and Senate plans call for more than $5 trillion in deficit reduction over the next 10 years, including a proposal to repeal the Affordable Care Act. That means cutting spending on Medicaid and on Obamacare subsidies, which could leave millions of Americans without health insurance.

The Republican budget doesn’t flesh out promised policies to replace the ACA. (Some in the party have proposed tax credits to help people buy insurance, but no money is budgeted for such a plan.)

On the tax front, it’s possible that reform plans could avoid showering new tax breaks on the rich, but Obama’s skepticism appears justified by recent history. The Bush tax cuts of 2001 and 2003 served up savings heavily favoring high-income households. And more recent Republican proposals have been open to criticism on this same front.

“While the tax component [of the House budget] is less detailed than the tax proposals in past House budgets, the information it provides strongly indicates that the plan would juxtapose deep spending cuts primarily hitting low- and middle-income people with tax changes likely to heavily favor people at the top of the income scale,” writes Chuck Marr, a tax policy expert at the liberal Center for Budget and Policy Priorities in Washington.

At a minimum, Republicans have a lot of dots still to connect for them to refute the Obama line of attack.

The main argument in their budget plans is that the streamlining of government – lower taxes, more efficient spending, and lighter debt burdens – will invigorate the economy for all Americans.

If that plays out, it may be a case of short-term sacrifice for benefits that come in future decades.

The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office supports the idea that lower federal debt would strengthen long-term economic growth, by leaving “more funds available for private investment.” But in the short run, the CBO says deficit-cutting efforts tend to be a drag on growth. Even by 2025, the overall effect of the Republican plan would boost per-person output by only about 1.5 percent, the CBO estimates.

By 2040, though, the estimated gains in per capita economic activity would average a more robust 7 percent.

“Our budget calls for fundamental tax reform to help grow the economy and create jobs with a tax code that is simpler and fairer,” the Republicans on the House Budget Committee say in a fact sheet.

Both political parties agree that tax reform could give a modest boost to economic growth.

One detailed tax reform plan, issued last year by Rep. Dave Camp (R) while chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee, took pains to be distributionally neutral – meaning that in simplifying the tax code, it wouldn’t allow the rich to pay a lighter share of US income taxes.

Although not everyone thought that Representative Camp's plan went far enough on fairness, it at least showed that conservative tax reform can be mindful of effects on different income groups.

Republicans can also point to their emphasis on deficit reduction as a move that would help the whole economy, not just rich people. The idea is to put the national debt on a downward path (as a share of economic output), enhancing the nation’s fiscal health. Without such efforts, weathering unforeseen emergencies such as a war or deep recession would be considerably harder to navigate.

But the spending cuts implied by Republican budgets would be steep, imposing costs on ordinary Americans in the form of lower federal spending on things like education and the social safety net.

Many of the details of where those cuts will come have yet to be determined. On education, the House draft, for example, freezes Pell Grants at $5,775 for 10 years. On welfare programs, the Senate plan outlines federal spending declining by 3.3 percent a year, compared with a current-law projection of 3.5 percent annual spending increases.

Republicans say the cuts can be done in smart ways (consolidating duplicate programs or pushing others to the state level) so that public needs are still met.

Critics of the Republican approach say it’s fundamentally flawed to try to balance the budget entirely with spending cuts, especially at a time of rising burdens on entitlement programs to cover aging baby boomers.",1
2007,"Biden heads to Iowa, fueling 2016 speculation","Washington (CNN) Add Vice President Joe Biden to the list of potential 2016 candidates traveling to the first-in-the-nation caucus state.

Biden will travel on official White House business next week to Des Moines, Iowa where he will deliver a speech on the administration's economic policies, his office announced Friday. And one close supporter told CNN that some in his loyal circle of friends and advisers in Iowa got the heads up about Biden's visit before the Des Moines Register broke the news Friday

Iowa is a crucial test for presidential candidates and Biden's travel to the state will only fuel more speculation that he is planning a presidential run. Biden last visited Iowa in October

Biden will speak at Drake University and join a ""roundtable discussion"" at a local community college, his office said.

The discussion will focus on the need to make a college education more accessible and the ""critical role"" of partnerships between community colleges and businesses. The trip comes just weeks after President Barack Obama proposed a new program that would make the first two years of community college free.

Biden said two weeks ago on ABC's ""Good Morning America"" that he hasn't made up his mind about a presidential campaign, but conceded that ""there's a chance"" he would challenge former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, who is all but certain to seek the Democratic nomination.

""We've got plenty of time,"" Biden said, adding that he didn't feel the need to make a decision until the summer.

But two longtime Biden backers said it's unlikely Biden will meet with his circle of Iowa supporters.

""The minute you do that it becomes a shadow campaign,"" said Sara Riley, a lawyer from Cedar Rapids who worked on Biden's 2008 campaign and remains loyal to him today.

But she acknowledged that coming to Iowa was not a coincidence.

""I don't think it is a coincidence that he is coming to Iowa as opposed to, say, Arizona, where I assume they also have community colleges,"" she added.

Longtime Biden friend and Iowa supporter Terri Goodman said Biden's small but loyal circle of Iowa backers got advance notice that Biden was coming to Iowa.

But Goodman said she is not aware of any plans for Biden to meet with his circle of supporters, emphasizing that the focus of Biden's trip will be to hammer in the administration's State of the Union message on issues like college access.

""The President and Vice President have been traveling around the country pushing their agenda,"" she said. ""I think that is the primary purpose of the trip.""

But she added that Biden ""enjoys Iowa.""

""He is a man of surprises, so you never know,"" Goodman said.",1
3571,'Jihadi John' Reportedly Identified,"Emwazi, who used the videos to threaten the West and taunt leaders such as President Barack Obama and British Prime Minister David Cameron, was believed to have traveled to Syria around 2012 and to have later joined IS.

In each beheading video, he is dressed entirely in black, a balaclava covering all but his eyes and the bridge of his nose. He wears a holster under his left arm.

Two U.S. government sources told Reuters that John was believed by investigators to be Emwazi, a fluent Arabic speaker from a well-to-do family who grew up in West London and graduated from the University of Westminster in London with a degree in computer programming.

The British government and police refused to confirm or deny his identity, which was first revealed by the Washington Post, saying it was an ongoing security investigation.

Intelligence services in Britain and the United States were ordered to track down the masked man who became a menacing symbol of the brutality of IS. Authorities used a variety of investigative techniques including voice and facial recognition as well as interviews with former hostages.

Security officials had avoided identifying Emwazi, fearing that to do so would make him more difficult to catch. They were said to be unhappy that the name had been leaked.

Asim Qureshi, the research director of charity Cage which worked with Emwazi since 2009, said that although he could not be certain Emwazi was John, there were some ""striking similarities.""

Cage, which campaigns for those detained on terrorism charges, said Emwazi had got in touch with Cage saying he had been harassed by British security services after trying to take a trip back to Kuwait in 2010 where he was going to get married and had a job waiting.

He was deported to Amsterdam and interrogated by Britain's MI5 domestic security agency and a Dutch intelligence officer who said he was suspected of planning to travel to Somalia, and then sent back to Britain.

Cage said MI5 had tried to recruit him as an informant and a year later blocked his attempts to return to Kuwait where he had begun working for a computer programming company and planned to marry.

The charity, which also worked with Michael Adebolajo, the Muslim covert who with an accomplice killed a British soldier in London in May 2013, said both men had been victims of undue pressure from the security services.

""We now have evidence that there are several young Britons whose lives were not only ruined by security agencies, but who became disenfranchised and turned to violence because of British counter-terrorism policies,"" Qureshi said in a statement.",1
1170,Donald Trump sweeps Super Tuesday: GOP at a crossroads,"(CNN) Donald Trump dominated Super Tuesday, notching seven victories -- four more than his closest competitor -- in states from Georgia to Massachusetts on a day that marked a turning point in his quest for the White House.

On the morning after, one thing is clear: the Republican Party is at a crossroads.

Many party leaders and establishment Republicans see two paths ahead. One is to accept what appears to be the increasingly likely outcome in the 2016 race — that Trump will soon clinch the GOP nomination — and offer the New York businessman their blessing. The second is a path of a historic rebellion: rejecting the GOP front-runner and the values and principles he stands for, and pledging to oppose Trump — even if he emerges as the party's nominee.

Former Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty, who ran for president in 2012, described this moment as an ""inflection point"" in the 2016 race and for the Republican Party.

""The party is fractured, which isn't unusual for political parties and they almost always come back together. But this could test the outer limits of that tradition,"" Pawlenty, who endorsed Marco Rubio, told CNN. ""If the Republican Party were an airplane and you're looking out the window, you'd see some pieces of the surface flying off. And you'd be wondering whether the engine or a wing is next.""

With Trump adding delegates to his quickly growing stash Tuesday, political veterans suspect the GOP presidential race could reach a moment of unambiguous clarity in the next two weeks. That point could come on March 15 when Florida and Ohio vote. If Rubio, the Florida senator, and John Kasich, the Ohio governor, lose their home states, their campaigns would be doomed.

Former Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott put it this way: By March 15, Republicans will know whether it is time to ""throw up our hands in despair and panic.""

""We've now backed ourselves into a corner here -- and it's not very pretty,"" said Lott, who is supporting Kasich. Super Tuesday, Lott added, ""is not the final blow, but we will know in the next two weeks whether this is a done deal or not.""

In recent days, there has been a flurry of discussions among top Republican strategists and insiders about how to distance the party from Trump. His heated rhetoric about minority groups and immigrants is deeply troubling to party leaders who have spent years trying to make inroads with Latino and other minority constituencies. Also of grave concern are the down-ballot candidates who would face tough elections in November with Trump at the top of the ticket.

Disaffected Republicans are discussing everything from skipping the Republican National Convention in July to running a conservative candidate as an independent or third-party candidate -- with the ultimate goal of denying Trump the presidency. One of the names frequently mentioned in this hypothetical is Mitt Romney, the 2012 GOP presidential nominee, even though he has shown no desire to run another campaign but has shown a zest for attacking Trump.

Trump's dominance on Super Tuesday caps the GOP front-runner's remarkable rise as a first-time presidential candidate. His initial surge in the polls months ago was widely dismissed as a short-lived phenomenon. His divisive and inflammatory rhetoric on everything from immigration to women drew fierce scorn from fellow Republicans and Democrats alike.

But Trump's candidacy has proven shockingly durable, and his supporters exceptionally loyal.

His dominant night comes just days after another development shocked the party to its core: New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie's bombshell endorsement of the billionaire last week. Christie ended his own presidential bid last month, and the unexpected decision from the former chairman of the Republican Governor's Association to back Trump — the ultimate anti-establishment candidate — added a critical sense of credibility to the businessman's candidacy.

Christie's endorsement was quickly followed by the backing of Maine Gov. Paul LePage and Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions.

Former House Speaker and presidential candidate Newt Gingrich, who has no plans to endorse a candidate in the GOP primary, said he was ""shocked"" by Christie's decision, and that the slew of new endorsements have irreversibly changed perceptions of Trump's candidacy.

""Trump is putting together a very unique coalition that's rattled a lot of people who have made a living out of trying to win within a Republican structure which is now increasingly obsolete,"" Gingrich said. ""A lot of people smugly said when we get down to reality, he is not going to be the nominee because in the end people aren't going to vote for him. Well, guess what — he's almost certainly going to be the nominee.""

As Trump has started to pick up endorsements from serious conservative leaders including a handful of members of Congress, a fierce anti-Trump movement has started to pick up steam.

Republican operatives, party leaders and conservative thinkers are increasingly warning that Trump is not a true conservative, and that his penchant for offensive language proves that he's an entertainer who should have no role shaping the future of the Republican Party. These rumblings turned into a movement on social media marked with the hashtag ""#NeverTrump"" -- a vow to never back Trump, even if he becomes the nominee.

But these last-minute strategy sessions underscore the fundamental lack of a coordinated effort in the party to derail Trump's campaign. Many are simply resigned to accepting that this far along in the election, and considering the delegate math, no amount of money or anti-Trump messaging can slow the front-runner's momentum.

Over the weekend, Trump only fueled the anger directed at his campaign when he failed to denounce white supremacist groups.

""I don't know anything about David Duke, OK?"" Trump told CNN's Jake Tapper when asked whether he would disavow the Ku Klux Klan grand wizard, who is supporting Trump's campaign. Pressed several times, Trump insisted he didn't know anything about white supremacists.

""I'm not going to vote for Hillary Clinton, and given what we know about Donald Trump, I can't vote for that guy either,"" the first-term senator said.

But the anti-Trump campaign is also angering some party elders. They say rejecting the GOP nominee is tantamount to handing the election to the eventual Democratic nominee, widely expected to be Hillary Clinton, who had a strong night on Super Tuesday.

Former Wyoming Sen. Alan Simpson, who supported Jeb Bush's failed White House bid, told CNN that these rebelling Republicans may as well be casting their votes for Clinton. He also expressed deep frustration at the party for failing to rally around a single alternative to Trump, like Bush or Kasich, early enough in the election.

""Just go ahead and support Hillary and forget it!"" said Simpson. ""They may not like Trump -- they didn't like Bush. What the hell was wrong with Bush? What the hell is wrong with Kasich?""

Gingrich, who pledged to back the party's eventual nominee, predicted that many of his fellow Republicans who now say they could never support Trump will eventually change their minds.

""The absence of voting for the Republican nominee is functionally a vote for Hillary,"" Gingrich said. ""It's a crossroads for the Republican Party and it's a crossroads for America.""",1
1074,"Trump charges toward the nomination: The billionaire breaks Rubio’s back, reducing his opposition to the deeply deluded Cruz and Kasich","Donald Trump doesn’t just defeat his establishment Republican opponents; he leaves them humiliated. So it was for Marco Rubio, who lost his own state, Florida, to Donald Trump on Tuesday night in the Republican primary. As Rubio didn’t even bother running again for Senate — reports say that he hates being a senator — this could be the end of his time in public office, at least for now. The defeat was absolute. Florida is a winner-takes-all-state for the Republicans, but it hardly mattered, as Rubio could barely eke out a little more than 1 in 4 Republican votes.

Unburdened by the need to win elections, any election, Rubio issued a concession speech that was an unsubtle rebuke to Trump. “America’s in the middle of a real political storm, a real tsunami,” he said, concluding sadly, “and we should have seen this coming.”

After arguing that “American needs a vibrant conservative movement.” Rubio railed, “But one that’s built on principles and on ideas. Not on fear. Not on anger. Not on preying on people’s frustrations.”

Rubio is an empty shell, a robot who mostly runs on programs that his funders and campaign staff input in him. But for a small, sad moment, you saw a bit of the human being lurking under that glib armor. We glimpsed Rubio’s soul. A soul really, really hates Trump. One mildly hopes, before he shuffles off into obscurity, Rubio has it in him to preserve his dignity by refusing to support Trump in the general. It would be a small victory, but better than whatever hell Chris Christie is living through now.

For most of Trump’s celebratory speech in Florida, it seemed the candidate was going to ignore the controversies of the week, focusing on important-sounding issues like trade that have nothing to do with why his supporters actually love him. But just as a hundred pundits started to type out “pivoting to the general,” the real Trump came sneaking out.

“Then Paris happened,” he started, crediting terrorist attacks in France and San Bernardino, California for the surge in the polls that made him a contender.

“We need protection in our country, and that’s going to happen,” he continued. “and then the poll numbers just shot up.”

Celebrating mass murder because it boosted your polls might seem an unusual move, but at this point, no one can deny that Trump communes very well with what the most repulsive members of the conservative coalition want to hear. It’s not quite pushing him into half the Republican electorate, a fact that he spent much of his speech obsessing over, but those who live in irrational fear of terrorism sure do love him.

That Trump would win the night was largely expected, which is scary enough. But even scarier was the possibility that the events in Chicago, where Trump seemingly manipulated events to create a near-riot, would give his campaign a boost. Trump and his surrogates have been hustling hard in recent days, using the event to argue that they are victims of “thugs” who censor people because of “political correctness.”

The narrative seemed like it might be working — one poll showed that Florida Republicans were more likely to support Trump after the violence in Chicago — but in the end, it doesn’t seem like it mattered much. RealClearPolitics had Trump polling at 43% going into the Florida primary and he walked away with 46%.   If the stunt swayed any votes in Ohio, which is one of the Midwestern states where racial tensions have been high in recent months, there’s no real evidence of it. John Kasich, the governor of Ohio, was expected to win with around 40% of the vote and the polling data shows that, if anything, he did slightly better than expected.

Of course, that’s the only state Kasich is expected to win, but in a display of almost mind-bending delusion, he gave a speech, complete with a huge confetti explosion, where he acted like he had the nomination wrapped up. “We’re going all the way to Cleveland and secure the Republican nomination,” he yelled, to great applause from an equally deluded audience. Considering that Trump has literally 9 times as many delegates as he does, this kind of confidence seems misplaced. Kasich is pinning all his hopes on a contested convention, which is only a possibility because Trump can’t quite seem to get the majority he needs to win the nomination outright. With Rubio out, Kasich is the last “establishment” candidate in the race, and that designation seems to be the only real evidence he has for this idea that he’ll show up at the convention and be able to win over all these delegates in a way that he was not able to win over any voters outside of the state of Ohio. Kasich ended his speech promising to beat Hillary Clinton. It was an odd note, suggesting as it does that he believes Clinton’s delegate lead will lead to the nomination. Not the message you want out if you’re trying to push the idea that your opponent’s massive delegate lead is a minor obstacle between a candidate and getting the nomination. And then there is Ted Cruz, who still thinks he has a chance, making a nauseating speech where he reiterated his claim that he’s the only reasonable challenge to Trump. Trump swept most of the states; even Missouri, which was supposed to be the win that reinvigorated the Cruz campaign, was such a squeaker that, hours after the polls closed, the networks were still afraid to declare a winner. Despite all this, Cruz continues to hope that  a showdown between the amoral capitalist narcissist vs. the slimy and insincere fundamentalist will get him the publicity he needs to start rising in the polls. Nice idea, but we’ve seen that movie before. It’s called “There Will Be Blood,” and if Cruz were the sort to watch movies instead of stare creepily into corners during his down time, he would also know how it ends. Cruz spent nine months proclaiming that he’s the Jesus guy for people who are supposedly too Christian to vote for a thrice-married sleaze like Trump. But, it turns out that those people weren’t so much moral as they were just really interested in using “Jesus” as a cover for sexism and racism. Tuesday night, as with most of the election, Trump is doing better with the Bible-thumpers than Cruz, who is supposedly one of their own. So this is where we sit in the middle of March: A orange-colored frontrunner who is so unethical in his methods he makes Republicans look good by comparison — which is a real trick, I’ll tell you what — and two sadly deluded men, one who thinks God wants him to win and the other who thinks the Republican wizard will step out from behind the curtain to fix it all. But it increasingly looks like that savior is not coming out of the sky or any smoky backroom to deny Trump the nomination. The question now is how the Republican party will cope with the realization that this is, after all this time, really happening.",1
3121,Jeb Bush: How Catholic faith changed my life,"Millions of American Catholics, like me, are excited that Pope Francis is making his first journey to the United States. In our Holy Father, we have a model of personal holiness and deep concern for the most vulnerable among us. He reminds us to speak out for the persecuted, advocate for the unborn, comfort the afflicted and welcome the stranger.

The pundits would like to make him out to be a politician, but his charge is much greater than that: He is the spiritual leader to the largest group of Christians on Earth and an inspiration to all people of good will.

The church that Francis leads never tires of proclaiming the dignity of all people -- a truth that is also at the heart of our form of government that pledges liberty and justice for all. It underlies the first freedom in our Constitution, the freedom of religion, a freedom that too many in our government have lost sight of in recent years.

I hope Pope Francis' visit to the United States is a powerful reminder that in a country as great and diverse as ours, we can protect religious freedom and the right of conscience while respecting those with opposing views.

Catholicism has grounded my own life. In Catholic teachings, the family is a ""domestic church,"" and the Catholic faithful are a kind of extended family. The Catholic Church has always bound my own family together. Even before my own conversion, we attended Mass together, sharing as a family the message of hope and love, praying for peace and grace. My wife was raised in the Catholic faith, we were married in a Catholic student center, and we in turn raised our children as Catholics. The Pope: Not just for Catholics anymore After I lost my first campaign for governor of Florida in 1994, I took stock of my life and my beliefs, and I decided to fully embrace the faith that had been guiding my family and me for many years. I attended Rite of Christian Initiation of Adults classes. I gained a deeper appreciation for the sacraments of the church and the grace they impart. I studied Catholic Church doctrine, and how it is renewed in every age. The more I learned, the more I appreciated the rich history of the church and its teachings, and my heart was changed by God's hand. In the 20 years since my conversion, the Church has given me the faith and hope to cope with life's many challenges. In the 20 years since my conversion, the church has given me the faith and hope to cope with life's many challenges. Members of my family were blessed to meet Pope John Paul II, one of the truly great saints of our time. I vividly remember 1979, when Saint John Paul, in solidarity with the Polish people, gave communion to more than 1 million Catholics in Warsaw, nourishing their faith and encouraging their determination to live in truth. He set a fire of liberty that led to the freedom of Poland and the end of Soviet domination. Welcome to our big, messy religious debate, Pope Francis At the request of my brother, President George W. Bush, I was just as blessed to lead the U.S. delegation to Pope Benedict XVI's inaugural Mass back in 2005. It was truly an honor and inspiration to meet such a devout and thoughtful spiritual leader. I have witnessed the power of God, through his church, to touch lives and transform the world -- both on the world stage and in my own heart. The church has grounded me and my beliefs in a deep way of thinking about mercy, penance and the dignity and potential of every life, young and old, rich and poor, born and not yet born. The power of that Catholic faith can be seen today, not only in the crowds that will greet Pope Francis in the coming days, but in the millions of men and women who heal the sick, comfort the lonely, work for peace and feed the hungry. It is a faith that touches heart and mind, and it brings comfort to all who listen to its message of hope. And it is a faith that I am proud to call my own. What the Pope has said about key issues facing the church A variety of celebrities and other public figures across a variety of faiths -- and none -- have expressed their support for Pope Francis. Here is a selection of their comments. A variety of celebrities and other public figures across a variety of faiths -- and none -- have expressed their support for Pope Francis. Here is a selection of their comments. A variety of celebrities and other public figures across a variety of faiths -- and none -- have expressed their support for Pope Francis. Here is a selection of their comments. A variety of celebrities and other public figures across a variety of faiths -- and none -- have expressed their support for Pope Francis. Here is a selection of their comments. A variety of celebrities and other public figures across a variety of faiths -- and none -- have expressed their support for Pope Francis. Here is a selection of their comments. A variety of celebrities and other public figures across a variety of faiths -- and none -- have expressed their support for Pope Francis. Here is a selection of their comments. A variety of celebrities and other public figures across a variety of faiths -- and none -- have expressed their support for Pope Francis. Here is a selection of their comments. A variety of celebrities and other public figures across a variety of faiths -- and none -- have expressed their support for Pope Francis. Here is a selection of their comments. A variety of celebrities and other public figures across a variety of faiths -- and none -- have expressed their support for Pope Francis. Here is a selection of their comments.",1
4206,"On policies, Ted Cruz shifts his stance to suit a fractured GOP","At the start of the presidential campaign, Ted Cruz told voters he would be the only “consistent conservative” in a crowded Republican field.

Then he confronted the modern GOP — a fractured party, in which each faction has a different definition of what “conservative” means.

To consistently please all of them, Cruz has had to be inconsistent with himself.

Time and again he has shifted, shaded or obfuscated his policy positions — piling on new ideas, which sometimes didn’t fit with the old.

Cruz, for instance, promised libertarians that he would show a strict respect for the Constitution’s checks and balances.

Then, the senator from Texas promised social conservatives that he would scrap one of those checks and balances, stripping lifetime tenure from Supreme Court justices.

He criticized Donald Trump’s plan for mass deportation of undocumented immigrants. Then he seemed to support it. He appeared skeptical of military intervention in Syria. Then he vowed to find out whether “sand can glow in the dark” there.

Cruz’s maneuvering has helped him build and maintain a base of support among the party’s activist class: If Trump fails to win the GOP nomination outright, Cruz could have enough backing among Republican delegates to win it after the first ballot at the party’s convention in Cleveland in July.

But while Cruz’s rightward shifts might have been politically smart during the primary season, they probably would create major challenges during the general election, putting Cruz far to the right of most voters.

“Now, he’s in this wonderful position where he’s both the last anti-establishment candidate acceptable who is not named Donald Trump, and he’s also the last establishment candidate,” said Matt Welch of the libertarian magazine Reason, applauding Cruz’s policy shifts. “That’s just a genius level of maneuvering.”

“The question is: What might he believe, in the middle of all of that?” Welch said. “And I think people have a right to be very skeptical as to whether there is a real core belief system.”

Cruz’s campaign did not respond Friday to a detailed list of questions about his policy positions.

It’s clear that, on a number of issues, Cruz has been very consistent in his beliefs.

He has opposed giving undocumented immigrants a path to U.S. citizenship. He says that climate change is not a significant problem, defying considerable scientific evidence for climate change.

Cruz has consistently opposed abortion, including in cases in which the pregnancy was caused by rape. He opposes same-sex marriage. But Cruz says that — despite those personal feelings — he would leave decisions on abortion and marriage to the states.

That was of a piece with Cruz’s politics during his early years in the Senate: He adhered to tea party originalism, which believed Washington could be corrected by a return to the limited vision of its Founding Fathers.

“We need to restore the Constitution as our standard,” Cruz says on his campaign website.

Then, after the Supreme Court decision last year that made same-sex marriage a right nationwide, Cruz said the Constitution needed a change.

“I am proposing an amendment to the United States Constitution that would subject the justices of the Supreme Court to periodic judicial-retention elections,” Cruz wrote in an op-ed in National Review. Now, Cruz said, the public would periodically get a chance to throw out “judicial tyrants” with whom they disagreed.

He didn’t actually file that proposed amendment, but a point was made. This was a different kind of conservatism, one in which some policies were so important that the Constitution should adapt to them.

“If Ted Cruz is a ‘constitutionalist,’ he is a sore-loser, fair-weather constitutionalist,” David Vladeck, a professor at Georgetown University Law Center, wrote in an email. “The Constitution’s framers would be aghast at Cruz’s proposal to undermine the Constitution’s main protection against a tyrannical majority.”

On the subject of immigration, Cruz once championed policies from his party’s business wing — including big increases in legal immigration. He called for doubling the caps on the number of green cards granted each year and supported a fivefold increase in the number of visas granted to high-skilled guest workers, known as H-1B visas. He demurred when asked what he’d do with the millions of illegal immigrants already living in the United States.

But then came Trump.

After the billionaire used promises of a sweeping immigration crackdown to rocket to the top of the GOP race, Cruz’s own policies grew sharply tougher. He was against any increase in legal immigration. He called for the high-skilled visa program to be halted for 180 days so that reported abuses in the system could be investigated.

Rick Tyler, Cruz’s former communications director, said he believes Cruz is “to the right of everyone who’s running” in the race.

“If he changed his position on H-1B — and it’s fair to say he did, but you have to look underneath it and say, ‘Did he change his principle on it?’ No, and I think that’s the important thing,” Tyler said.

On the question of what to do with illegal immigrants, Cruz’s answers grew tougher and tougher.

First, Cruz said, he wouldn’t offer them legal status. But he wouldn’t follow Trump’s lead and deport immigrants en masse.

Then, maybe, he would.

“Yes, we should deport them,” Cruz said on Fox News. When asked by host Bill O’Reilly if he would “look for them,” Cruz said yes.

“Of course you would. That’s what ICE exists for,” Cruz said, referring to U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement. “We have law enforcement that looks for people who are violating the laws that apprehends them and deports them.”

If Trump had redefined what the most conservative position on immigration was, Cruz was going to keep up. At rallies now, Cruz makes this explicit without saying Trump’s name: He says he wants to build a border wall and that he already “has someone in mind to build it.”

Another noticeable shift was in Cruz’s approach to the federal budget.

At the beginning of his campaign, his ideas seemed drawn to please anti-tax conservatives, whose biggest concern was to reduce what Washington raises and spends. Cruz proposed instituting a single flat income tax, set at 10 percent. That would be a massive boon to the rich, who pay much higher rates now: The nonpartisan Tax Policy Center found that the top 0.1 percent of earners would get a tax cut equivalent to 29 percent of their after-tax income.

It would also take a massive slice out of overall federal revenue: The Tax Policy Center estimated the loss at $8.6 trillion over a decade. That was a major departure from past GOP orthodoxy: 2012 nominee Mitt Romney didn’t want to reduce revenue at all.

That was still not as big as Trump’s proposed tax cut, which the center said would eliminate $9.5 trillion in future revenue.

Cruz had specific suggestions for what he would cut to partially offset the loss. He would eliminate four Cabinet agencies — the departments of Commerce, Energy, Education, and Housing and Urban Development — and the Internal Revenue Service (Cruz would shift the tax-collecting function to a new office with less power and fewer employees). In fact, Cruz wanted a new constitutional amendment to require that the federal budget eventually balance.

But then, while campaigning in hawkish South Carolina, Cruz added another piece to the plan.

Even as he slashed funding for the rest of the government, he promised a spending spree at the Pentagon: dozens more warships, hundreds more planes, thousands more troops. Analysts have estimated that the cost could exceed $1 trillion — and that it could reach $2.4 trillion — over a decade.

“All these promises can’t add up. It’s not possible,” said Marc Goldwein of the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget. He estimated that if Cruz tried to make good on all of these promises — plus another pledge to fully fund Social Security benefits for the near future — he might have to cut all other spending by 85 or 90 percent. “It’s not realistically possible to cut taxes by $8 trillion and increase defense spending by $2.5 billion and balance the budget.”

That shift was connected to another, in Cruz’s policies toward the military.

In the Senate, Cruz had voted repeatedly against the bill that sets policy and authorizes funding for the Pentagon, often objecting that it did not have enough civil-liberties protections for Americans accused of terrorism. Late last year, Cruz was deeply skeptical of U.S. military interventions overseas — even in Syria. “We have no dog in the fight of the Syrian civil war,” he said.

Cruz has said he remains skeptical of unnecessary foreign interventions, but in February he called for an extensive Pentagon buildup. He also began to call for aggressive tactics against the Islamic State in Syria: The United States would carpet-bomb the militants, Cruz said, and find out “if sand can glow in the dark.”

That has left even proponents of a larger U.S. military wondering about the sincerity of Cruz’s positions.

“I don’t buy that he understands what he’s trying to do,” said Chris Harmer, a retired Navy commander and national security consultant. He said he agreed with Cruz that the Navy was too small, but he wondered why he hadn’t said so before. “Ted Cruz should have spent the last four years making a case for: This is why the end state of the Navy ought to be bigger . . . He hasn’t done any of that,” Harmer said.",1
3714,"Families To Roof: 'I Forgive You, And Have Mercy On Your Soul'","Roof, the lead suspect in Wednesday's mass shooting at a historic black church in Charleston, made his appearance remotely, dressed in striped inmates' garb and flanked by two officers. On the screen, he wore a stoic expression as he looked out over the bond hearing. Representatives of the victims were in the courtroom, and got to look into Roof's eyes as they forgave him, one by one.

""I forgive you,"" Nadine Collier, daughter of victim Ethel Lance, said to Roof. ""I will never talk to her ever again, never be able to hold her again. I forgive you and have mercy on your soul. You hurt me, you hurt a lot of people, but I forgive you.""

""Hate won’t win,” she said. ""My grandfather and the other victims died at the hands of hate. Everyone’s plea for your soul is proof that they lived in love and their legacies live in love.""

The judge asked Roof whether he understood the charges against him, noting that his next two hearings would take place on Oct. 23 and Feb. 5.

Prior to the hearing, a spokesman with the Charleston County Sheriff's Office told The Huffington Post that Roof is on suicide watch and that his family won't be able to visit him for his first 72 hours in jail. But he said that as far as he knew, Roof's family hasn't yet tried to contact the suspect, who is accused of shooting nine people dead at the Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church in Charleston on Wednesday.

The Charleston Police Department announced Roof's charges, which include possession of a firearm, on Twitter just hours before the hearing. The department confirmed that Roof won't get bond for the murder charges:

“This is a state that is hurt by the fact that nine people innocently were killed,” Haley told the paper, adding that the state “absolutely will want him to have the death penalty.”

Later on Friday, the FBI announced that it will look into the murders as a potential act of ""domestic terrorism"" as part of its investigation.

Roof was arrested on Thursday after a florist in Kings Mountain, North Carolina, noticed his vehicle, followed him and called police. He was collared in Shelby, North Carolina, more than 200 miles from Charleston.",1
1333,Marco Rubio can’t save the Republican Party: Why people are giving him way too much credit after Iowa,"The GOP presidential campaign has now shifted away from the heartland evangelical wonderland of Iowa to “live free or die” state, New Hampshire, where the elbows are notoriously sharp and a whole bunch of Republican establishment candidates are hunkering down to stage their last stand. It remains unlikely that any of them will be able to dislodge Trump in the number one slot — it’s much more his kind of electorate than the pious social conservatives of Iowa. There are lots of angry white right-wingers and independents there who aren’t as concerned about their religion as they are about their guns and the threat of Mexicans and Muslims “pouring over the border” to make them eat mole and follow Sharia law.

But after Iowa there a feeling of excitement in the air that the Trump balloon may have finally burst, and there’s a possibility that the air could go completely out of it over the next couple of weeks. (Nate Silver mused yesterday that Trump may just end up being like Pat Buchanan or Ron Paul.) One suspects that all the other candidates are having fever dreams about making a big last-minute move as Rubio did in Iowa to either usurp The Donald or come in a close second and be touted as this cycle’s Comeback Kid. Cruz and Rubio are, of course, the two best positioned to do this, with Rubio probably a little bit better positioned than Cruz simply because he isn’t quite as dependent on evangelical voters, even though he turned himself into the second coming of Oral Roberts in the last couple of weeks to get himself a slice of that Iowa evangelical pie.

Yesterday morning, the campaigns wasted no time with niceties, as Chris Christie, Jeb Bush and John Kasich were practically waiting on the tarmac for the Iowa Three to alight from their private planes to begin the battle, mano a mano. So far they seem to be sticking with the “Trump will implode eventually” strategy and are setting their sights on one another. As is his wont, Chris Christie was the first to deliver a roundhouse punch to the man who came in third in Iowa but was declared the winner, Marco Rubio:

“Let’s get him up here – let’s get the boy in the bubble up here. Let’s see if he’ll handle your questions and take that. I don’t think he will. Now it’s time for him to man up and step up and stop letting his handlers write all of his speeches. I’m fascinated to hear his answers, and I’m sure you are too. “Maybe he’ll answer more than two or three questions at a town hall and do more than 40 minutes and deliver something that isn’t the same canned speech he gives every time. This isn’t the student-council election everybody. This is the election for the president of the United States. “Let’s get the boy in his bubble out of his bubble, and let’s see him play for the next week in New Hampshire. Let’s see if he’s ready to play because I’m ready to play.”

It’s pretty clear what Christie’s saying there: Rubio’s a punk. Rubio’s campaign manager responded by calling Christie a liberal Obama lover who’s full of “hot air,” which undoubtedly made him feel very sad.

Jeb Bush meanwhile is facing a different problem: too much campaign spending on his behalf. It sounds weird, but according to this Washington Post story, Bush’s Super PAC is inundating people with expensive campaign swag to the point where it’s making them recoil from the candidate.This has happened before. In California, eBay magnate and GOP gubernatorial candidate Meg Whitman saturated the state with advertisements for many months, and it made people hate her. There is such a thing as too much exposure. (It’s worth noting that Whitman had an unusual business arrangement with strategist Mike Murphy — the same Mike Murphy who runs Bush’s Right to Rise Super PAC.)

Meanwhile, after his Super PAC ran a very unpopular negative ad against Marco Rubio and he asked them to take it down, Governor John Kasich (who is seen as a possible New Hampshire latecomer) seems to have decided that he’s going to run as the positive, optimistic guy. It makes sense since there might be a few people in New Hampshire who aren’t convinced that their country is the dark and hopeless dystopian hell-scape the other candidates insist America has become.

And then there’s Rubio, who is telling everyone who will listen that he’s the only one who can “unite both the Republican Party and the conservative movement after what has been a divisive campaign.” He seems to think if he says it enough it will be true. And a lot of Republicans in D.C. are probably hoping he’s right.

Unfortunately, he and Cruz might share the same problem in the general election. This Kasich voter gets right to the point: Rubio and Cruz “really are too conservative, and I don’t really see them as compromisers,” said Judy Kohn, a 76-year-old retired librarian from Georges, New Hampshire. Nobody is surprised that someone might think Ted Cruz is too conservative. But that nice young man Rubio? Well yes, as it happens, he’s just as right wing as Cruz. Sure, he joined the Gang of 8 to try to forge some compromise on immigration but that’s the only compromise he’s ever endorsed. It’s too bad for him that happens to be a litmus test issue on the right (and one which I’m not sure they can forgive). Lindsay Graham put it right out there on “Morning Joe”: ”I like Marco but he has now turned hard right. Marco has no exception for rape and incest. I think it’s going to be very hard to grow the party among women if you’re gonna tell young women, ‘If you get raped, you’re gotta carry the child of the rapist.’” According to recent polling that extreme position is only held by 17 percent of the public. This quote is from a speech Rubio gave a while back at the Reagan Library, talking about Medicare and Social Security: “These programs actually weakened us as a people. You see, almost forever, it was institutions in society that assumed the role of taking care of one another…All of a sudden, for an increasing number of people in our nation, it was no longer necessary to worry about saving for security because that was the government’s job.” It’s rare to hear even a far right wing zealot or hardcore libertarian suggest that Social Security and Medicare have “weakened us as a people.” The farthest they will usually go is to suggest that the program should be privatized. That’s a scathing indictment of our national character. Here’s a quote from the most recent presidential debate talking about the threat of ISIS: “When I am president of the United States, if there is some place in this country where radical jihadists are planning to attack the United States, we will go after them wherever they are, and if we capture them alive, they are going to Guantanamo.” Essentially, he’s saying that terrorist suspects caught within the United States will not have trials, they will be sent to Guantanamo. But that’s not how we do things in this country. Any terrorist suspects we’ve caught here up until now have been subject to the American legal system. We’ve had numerous court cases on the subject. He’s openly admitting he plans to flout the rule of law. That was just the tip of the iceberg of Rubio’s frightening foreign policy and national security declarations during the debates. He is, by far, the most bellicose of the lot, and that’s saying something. He states that President Obama has not kept the country safe and therefore he is prepared to let the intelligence services do “whatever it takes,” and promising to make terrorist suspects talk (and I think we know what that means). Even Dick Cheney is more restrained. The Republicans seem to have talked themselves into believing their own hype that the country is in dire straits, the terrorists are coming in droves to kill us and everyone in the nation is angry and frightened to death about… well, everything. There’s a certain political utility in making this case in a presidential primary but at some point reality is going to intrude. No, everything isn’t perfect. America is still emerging from a very difficult economic crisis and there is a terrorist threat abroad. People are frustrated by student debt and police violence and any number of other problems. But the Mad Max version of the United States these Republicans are talking about doesn’t really ring true for more than a limited faction who think the world they knew is disappearing and they will not be able to adjust to the new one. If all the cards fall the right way and Cruz is unable to win anywhere where there isn’t a large evangelical population and Trump decides he wants to go back to playing golf and none of the rest of the establishment pack can climb out of the pile, maybe Rubio will be able to bridge the gap between the conservative movement and the establishment as he’s now promising on a loop. And that’s making the huge assumption that the anti-immigration fetishists will hold their noses and vote for him despite his one apostasy. But that still doesn’t solve their problem. Rubio is so far to the right and the party is so hostile to racial and ethnic minorities that they cannot win a national election. He’s got a Hispanic last name and a beautiful young family, but his record shows he’s just another right wing extremist.",1
1578,Poll: Voters fret Trump or Clinton in the White House,"But many voters expressed fear or concern at the idea of a Trump presidency -- or a Hillary Clinton one.

Trump is dominating the GOP pack with 35% support, according to the new poll . Texas Sen. Ted Cruz and retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson trail him with 16% and 13% support respectively.

But the new national poll also found that 24% of all voters showed ""concern"" and 40% expressed ""fear"" over what Trump would do were he to win the White House next year.

On the Democratic side, front-runner Hillary Clinton leads Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders by 20 percentage points. But voters also showed worry over a Clinton presidency: 23% said they are concerned by the possibility, and 34% said they were scared. The poll surveyed 1,053 registered voters, including 431 Republican primary voters and 384 Democratic primary voters, between December 4-8 with a margin of error of plus or minus 4 percentage points for registered voters, and plus or minus 6 percentage points each for Republican and Democratic primary voters. The poll was mostly conducted before Trump made a proposal to ban all Muslim travel to the U.S.",1
4800,Does the Road to the White House Run Through Gary Johnson's New Mexico?,"Take a look at the map above. It was put together by Nate Silver over at FiveThirtyEight and it depicts an unlikely but credible scenario in which Gary Johnson wins his home state of New Mexico and neither Donald Trump nor Hillary Clinton get the 270 electoral votes needed to win the election outright.

Silver stresses that ""plausible is a long way from likely"" but also skylarks that ""it's not far-fetched to think the Electoral College would be close enough that New Mexico would make the difference, and it's not totally crazy to think that Johnson could win his home state."" Silver points to a new Albuquerque Journal poll that has Clinton at 35 percent, Trump at 31 percent, Johnson at 24 percent, and Green Party nom Jill Stein at 2 percent.

Exactly how that ends up with Johnson winning New Mexico is a Stretch-Armstrong-style reach, but let's play with this a bit. Trump is either in full panic mode after blowing the first debate or getting there between the Miss Universe story and continuining questions about his taxes. In any case, his lack of direct experience and volatility will likely make him less appealing to non-committed independents who otherwise want change. Clinton is not anyone's true favorite and perhaps her comments about Sanders' supporters being history's losers and living in their parents' basements starts some bleeding on the part of her lukewarm supporters. Maybe Wikileaks, which promised a while ago to leak some really bad stuff about Clinton this Wednesday (and then cancelled the event), actually has the goods on her in a way that causes her to crater. And let's assume Johnson takes Matt Welch and other critics seriously, ups his game, and wins over the folks who know him best, New Mexicans, to eke out a victory in his home state.

The guy is pulling down newspaper endorsements, after all, and angering Bill Maher, who recently called Johnson a ""fucking idiot."" Maher grants that Johnson is a good guy, but he's afraid that apart from being against dumb wars, the surveillance state, and the war on drugs, Johnson will cost Hillary Clinton the election. That sort of articulation can only help Johnson with voters who are indeed socially liberal and fiscally conservative, a group that Maher (and many others) essentially says doesn't exist. Seeing self-consciously edgy, avant-garde types slag Johnson for believing too strongly in free markets, global trade, and technological innovation will help erase doubts raised by the governor's spaced-out answers on Aleppo and world leaders. As the Albuquerque Journal notes, Johnson is pulling more support from Clinton than from Trump in New Mexico.

We live in a country where Americans think the country is headed in the wrong direction by a two-to-one margin and large majorities or pluralities hate the major parties, dislike Clinton and Trump, and think the government is trying to do too much that should be left to individuals and businesses. To such people, Clinton isn't any kind of solution to what ails us, and neither is Trump (if nothing else, both are talking about spending more money than our currently historically high levels during peacetime). Each of them is part of the problem and a figure like Johnson may come to be seen as a true alternative: an experienced non-professional politician who promises a smaller but more effective government.

The idea of Johnson winning New Mexico and the two major-party candidates stalling out short of 270 is of course incredibly unlikely. But it is worth thinking about, especially for those of us who stubbornly refuse to buy into the false ""binary choice"" narrative being pushed by both Republicans and Democrats. Change needs to be seen as possible before it takes place, right? Sometimes change comes in big, revolutionary waves. Other times, it comes from a small but steady rivulet of water that hollows out seemingly impregnable structures. However awful the 21st century has been so far to many of us, it is far worse for established ideologies and political parties, who are really taking it on the chin. The question is, what's the smallest victory it will take to show just how weak and foundering our political duopoly really is?",1
2037,IT BEGINS...,"And they are looking for someone who could appeal to - or at least not offend - Hispanics, non-white women and other parts of the electorate that went big for Obama and Democrats last year.

That's why, just four months into Obama's second term, Paul is part of a stampede of Republican would-be contenders who are criss-crossing the country meeting voters, recruiting potential donors and currying favor with local politicians who could help determine their fate in a run for the White House.

The lessons of Romney's bitter loss in November are never far away. On Monday, Paul made jokes about neighboring (and more liberal) Massachusetts and chided leading Democrat Hillary Clinton. But the Kentucky senator also made a point of calling for a more diverse Republican Party, one that, in his words, should have room for tattooed, bearded and pony-tailed voters.

Rubio's fellow Floridian Jeb Bush, the state's former governor and a brother to one former president and son to another, has not indicated whether he might run in 2016. But he has been politically active, calling for Congress to approve an immigration bill.

The lack of an obvious front-runner for the upcoming presidential election is not unusual for the Democratic Party but is for Republicans, who for generations have typically had an experienced contender in line to run for the White House.

""We are putting together a narrative of the Rick Santorum story,"" Brabender said. ""It's pretty interesting to see how close he came to the (2012) nomination. If he would have won Michigan, he would have been the nominee. One of our jobs is to sort of remind people of that.""",1
4793,Fact-checking the first Clinton-Trump presidential debate,"In the first debate between presidential contenders Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton, Trump repeatedly relied on troublesome and false facts that have been debunked throughout the campaign. Clinton stretched the truth on occasion, such as when she tried to wiggle out of her 2012 praise of the Trans Pacific Partnership as a “gold standard.” But her misstatements paled in comparison to the list of Trump’s exaggerations and falsehoods.

Trump once again asserted that the 2008 Clinton campaign was responsible for spreading the myth that President Obama was born in Kenya, when that is false. He claimed that “thousands” of American jobs will leave the country when Ford shifts small-car manufacturing to Mexico, but no one here will lose their jobs. He also falsely claimed that he was against the Iraq War, when all available evidence demonstrates that he supported it until the rest of the country began to turn against it in 2004. He also once again falsely said he started his business with a “small loan” from his father.

Here’s a roundup of 23 of the most noteworthy claims that were made. As is our practice, we do not award Pinocchios when we do a roundup of facts in debates.

Ford is moving its small car production to Mexico, but the expansion will not affect U.S. workers.

The company has said that while production of Ford Focus models will shift to Mexico, its plant in Michigan will build other, larger vehicles. Ford and many other automakers are finding Mexico more attractive for several reasons.

“The cost of labor is indeed greater in the United States, which makes producing labor-intensive small cars in Mexico more profitable. The United States also has advantages, though — inexpensive electricity, experienced technicians and access to sophisticated materials and equipment — often means building larger and more expensive cars is cheaper in this country,” our colleague Max Ehrenfreund wrote.

Clinton exaggerates here. We know of three years in the 1970s when he did pay federal income taxes. But there were at least five years in the 1970s, 1980s and 1990s when Trump did not pay any, or nearly any, income taxes.

Trump’s tax plan would raise federal income taxes on more than half of America’s single parents and one-fifth of families with children, according to an analysis by Lily Batchelder, a New York University expert on tax policy who formerly worked for Obama’s National Economic Council.

While the Trump campaign called it “pure fiction,” the right-leaning Tax Foundation has said the group was able to replicate her findings. Kyle Pomerleau, director of federal projects at the Tax Foundation, posted on Twitter that Batchelder’s results “seem reasonable to me.”

Mark Zandi, a well-respected economist, did issue a report saying that if Trump’s economic plans were fully implemented, 3.5 million jobs would disappear, incomes would stagnate, debt would explode and stock prices would plummet. But the report also said it was highly unlikely that Trump would get many of his plans approved by Congress, even if it is controlled by Republicans, because so many of his positions are so a departure from Republican principles. Even so, the report said the U.S. economy would likely suffer under a Trump presidency.

His report also said that if Clinton were able to fully implement her economic plans, the economy would add an additional 3.2 million jobs during the first four years of her presidency. Combined with anticipated job creation under current law, that adds up to 10.4 million jobs. But the report also said that Clinton would face significant roadblocks to getting her economic plan through Congress, resulting in far fewer job gains.

Trump cites an Internal Revenue Service audit as his justification for not releasing his federal income tax returns, but the audit does not prohibit from releasing the returns. Richard Nixon, who started the tradition of presidents and presidential candidates releasing their returns, did so in the middle of an audit.

Moreover, Trump has not released his tax returns from before 2009, which are no longer under audit, according to his attorney.

Presidential candidates have no legal obligation to release their returns, but there has long been a tradition to do so for the sake of transparency. Hillary Clinton has released three decades’ worth of tax returns.

While Trump has not released the returns, his long history of litigation has given the public a sense of what is in his returns. Tax information made public so far show Trump did not pay any, or nearly any, income taxes at least five times in the past 40 years.

Trump is being misleading. Tax experts say that tax returns provide insight about a person’s finances in several key areas.

First, the tax return reveals a person’s annual income. A person’s net worth is not disclosed, but voters would gain an understanding of a person’s cash flow. Second, voters would understand the sources of a person’s income, such as how much comes from certain businesses, speeches, dividends, capital gains and so forth.

Third, a tax return would disclose how much a person gives to charity. Mitt Romney gave almost $2.3 million to charity in 2011, while Bill and Hillary Clinton gave $3 million to charity in 2014. We know these figures because of information in their tax returns.

Trump claims he has given $102 million to charity in the past five years, but a Washington Post investigation found not a cent in actual cash — mostly just free rounds of golf, given away by his courses for charity auctions and raffles. Trump’s tax return would clear up exactly how much he has really given to charity — indeed, whether he has given anything at all.

Fourth, a tax return would reveal how aggressive Trump has been on his taxes. There is no black-and-white approach to taxes; there are many gray areas subject to interpretation, especially regarding deductions. Trump frequently suggests that he knows how to game the system, so voters would learn whether he takes the same approach to his taxes.

Finally, the tax returns would disclose what percentage of Trump’s income actually goes to taxes.

Trump is right. Clinton is subtly adjusting her words here when confronted with a question about her consistency on policy positions.

But the fact is she never used the word “hoped.” Instead, she was more declarative, using the phrase “gold standard” when she was Secretary of State.

“This TPP sets the gold standard in trade agreements to open free, transparent, fair trade, the kind of environment that has the rule of law and a level playing field,” she said in Australia in 2012. “And when negotiated, this agreement will cover 40 percent of the world’s total trade and build in strong protections for workers and the environment.”

Trump’s companies have filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection, which means a company can remain in business while wiping away many of its debts. The bankruptcy court ultimately approves a corporate budget and a plan to repay remaining debts; often shareholders lose much of their equity.

Trump’s Taj Mahal opened in April 1990 in Atlantic City, but six months later, “defaulted on interest payments to bondholders as his finances went into a tailspin,” The Washington Post’s Robert O’Harrow found. In July 1991, Trump’s Taj Mahal filed for bankruptcy. He could not keep up with debts on two other Atlantic City casinos, and those two properties declared bankruptcy in 1992. A fourth property, the Plaza Hotel in New York, declared bankruptcy in 1992 after amassing debt.

PolitiFact uncovered two more bankruptcies filed after 1992, totaling six. Trump Hotels and Casinos Resorts filed for bankruptcy again in 2004, after accruing about $1.8 billion in debt. Trump Entertainment Resorts also declared bankruptcy in 2009, after being hit hard during the 2008 recession.

Why the discrepancy? Perhaps this will give us an idea: Trump told Washington Post reporters that he counted the first three bankruptcies as just one.

Trump cherry-picks the increase in violence in Chicago, but this is not indicative of overall crime rates, which have been declining for years. Moreover, while Trump says stop-and-frisk policies should be enacted in Chicago as it was implemented in New York City, those policies have not been correlated with crime.

While violent crime overall has been declining for about two decades, there was a sharp increase in the violent crime rate in 2015. Homicides have continued to spike in major cities this year, though the rates remain far below their peak in the late 1980s and early 1990s. Law enforcement officials, including the FBI, have voiced concerns about the uptick in crime in 2015.

Criminal justice experts warn against comparing crime trends from short periods of time, such as month over month or year over year. An annual trend can show a trajectory of where the trend might be headed, but still does not give a full picture. Many criminal justice experts say crime trends are determined over at least five years, preferably 10 or 20 years, of data.

Trump praises stop-and-frisk policies under former New York City mayor Rudolph Giuliani. But it’s debatable whether the stop-and-frisk policies had such a direct impact on crime, as Trump suggests. Crime is affected by many factors, and New York’s decline in crime mirrored the decline in many other major cities at the time. Moreover, crime was declining for four years before Giuliani took office, and it continued to decline for 14 years after he left.

We awarded Three Pinocchios to Trump’s claim attributing stop-and-frisk policies to the decline in crime.

Trump also claimed that “murders are up” in New York. That is incorrect. Homicides in New York are down so far this year from the same point last year, according to the New York Police Department. But homicides did see an uptick in New York City in 2015, similar to trends in numerous other cities.

Democrats, including Clinton, frequently point out that people on the terrorist watch list can purchase a gun. But the proposal that Democrats have made in Congress wouldn’t ban such purchases automatically. We have awarded Two Pinocchios to this claim for lack of context.

Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.) has introduced legislation to give authority to the attorney general to decide whether or not a suspected terrorist could buy a gun. Anyone who was subjected to a federal terrorism investigation within five years of the attempted gun purchase would be flagged in the background-check system, and the Justice Department would be able to review those cases.

The government uses a “reasonable suspicion” standard to nominate and include someone in the Terrorist Watchlist, which includes the “no-fly list.” Belonging to a terrorist organization, or being listed on one of the watch lists, does not automatically stop someone from buying a gun. There has to be another factor that disqualifies the person from buying a gun under federal or state law, such as a felony conviction or illegal immigration status.

Clinton is right that Trump emphatically urged the United States to remove Libyan dictator Moammar Gaddafi  from power.

Here’s Trump, in February 2011, urging an intervention on his video blog. “I can’t believe what our country is doing,” Trump said. “Qaddafi in Libya is killing thousands of people, nobody knows how bad it is, and we’re sitting around we have soldiers all have the Middle East, and we’re not bringing them in to stop this horrible carnage and that’s what it is: It’s a carnage.”

Trump added: “Now we should go in, we should stop this guy, which would be very easy and very quick. We could do it surgically, stop him from doing it, and save these lives. This is absolutely nuts. We don’t want to get involved and you’re gonna end up with something like you’ve never seen before. …We have go in to save these lives; these people are being slaughtered like animals. It’s horrible what’s going on; it has to be stopped. We should do on a humanitarian basis, immediately go into Libya, knock this guy out very quickly, very surgically, very effectively, and save the lives.”

This is just totally false.

We have found no evidence of his early opposition to the invasion. Trump expressed lukewarm support the first time he was asked about it on Sept. 11, 2002, and was not clearly against it until he was quoted in the August 2004 Esquire cover story titled “Donald Trump: How I’d Run the Country (Better).”

But by the middle of 2004, many Americans had turned against the war, making Trump’s position not particularly unique. In light of Trump’s repeated false claim, Esquire has added an editor’s note to its August 2004 story, saying, “The Iraq War began in March 2003, more than a year before this story ran, thus nullifying Trump’s timeline.”

We have awarded this claim Four Pinocchios, compiled a timeline of all of Trump’s comments prior to the invasion in March 2003, and even a video documenting how this is a bogus claim.

Trump said he had “numerous conversations with Sean Hannity” prior to the invasion, expressing his opposition to the war. These appear to be private conversations. Hannity told Erik Wemple Blog that Trump “would watch the show and call after and we argued a lot about” the war. We should note that Hannity is one of Trump’s biggest boosters and has never asserted that Trump made these private claims to him until recently, even though this has been a constant source of controversy during Trump’s campaign. Hannity has also not offered any evidence to back up his claim that he and Trump had such conversations at the time.

[Update: During the debate, Trump also cited his January 2003 Fox News interview with Neil Cavuto as proof of his early opposition. The day after the debate, Fox News cited this clip, declaring it “backs up Trump on Iraq War opposition.” As our timeline shows, Trump was not clearly against the war in this interview, either.

On Feb. 18, 2016, Cavuto replayed the clip and said it wasn’t clear Trump was against the war then. While Trump now says he opposed the Iraq war, Cavuto said: “When I interviewed him back in January 2003, couple of months before we formally got involved in Iraq, he could’ve left you with a different impression.”

Cavuto said that in the January 2003 interview, Trump was “not bashing the president back then, nor is he fully endorsing Iraq. But he is saying some clear decision is required.” Meghan McCain, appearing in the segment, said in response: “He speaks now though, like he was protesting with Code Pink in the street, like he was adamantly against the war in Iraq. Like he was this huge person in the media stage, protesting against President Bush and going into Iraq.”]

Regarding Clinton’s statement, the key issue with the email controversy was that Clinton had a private server — not just a private email — and she never used her designated State Department email account, which would have kept records of emails subject to requests under the Freedom of Information Act.

The accuracy of Trump’s claim depends on whether he is referring to her decision to use a private server, or if he is suggesting that Clinton purposefully intended to mishandle classified information. On the former point, yes, Clinton chose on purpose to use a private email server. On the latter, the FBI would disagree.

FBI Director James B. Comey has said Clinton was “extremely careless” in handling classified information through her private server. Our colleagues Matt Zapotosky and Rosalind Helderman noted: “But Comey also has said that investigators found particularly lacking any intent on Clinton or her staff’s part to mishandle classified information, and that would undermine any possible criminal case against them.”

Click here for our round-up of 14 fact-checks about the Clinton email controversy.

How can a federal agency, the Immigration and Customs Enforcement, endorse a candidate? Trump is actually referring to the National Immigration and Customs Enforcement Council, which is the union representing ICE officers. In a statement released by the campaign, National ICE Council President Chris Crane said it was the union’s first-ever endorsement.

Trump is basically right. The trade deficit in 2015 was $762 billion, according to the Census Bureau.

Clinton is correct. Trump in May caused a stir when he suggested the United States should borrow more and renegotiate new terms later. “I would borrow, knowing that if the economy crashed, you could make a deal,” Trump said on CNBC. The comments caused angst in the financial markets, as the U.S. Treasury securities are considered the world’s safest investment precisely because the United States is at low risk of default. Renegotiating the terms would be seen as a form of default.

Trump later walked away from his comments, claiming he had been misquoted.

To support the debunked notion that Clinton’s campaign originated “birther” rumors during the 2008 presidential campaign, Trump pointed to these two examples. But they don’t add up to much of anything.

James Asher, former D.C. bureau chief of McClatchy, has said that longtime Clinton ally Sidney Blumenthal “strongly urged” him to “investigate the exact place of President Obama’s birth, which he suggested was in Kenya.” McClatchy assigned a reporter to go to Kenya, and the reporter found the allegation was false, Asher said. (We reached out to Asher several times but did not receive a response.)

Blumenthal, declining to elaborate further, said in a statement to The Fact Checker: “This is false. Period. Donald Trump cannot distract from the fact that he is the one who embraced and promoted the birther lie, and bears the responsibility for it.”

Solis Doyle did say in a recent CNN interview that in December 2007, a volunteer coordinator in Iowa forwarded an email perpetuating the birther conspiracy. Clinton “made the decision immediately to let that person go,” Solis Doyle said in the interview.

As in the instance with the Iowa volunteer coordinator, the campaign denounced isolated instances of Clinton’s staffers questioning whether Obama was Muslim. We found that there’s no evidence that she or her campaign were “pressing it very hard” — though some of her supporters did perpetuate the claims in the bitter 2008 primary campaign against Obama.

“As multiple, independent fact checkers have affirmed in the years since, neither the 2008 campaign nor the candidate ever questioned the President’s citizenship or birth certificate. Period,” said Clinton campaign spokesman Josh Schwerin.

Trumps mixes up a lot of things here.

The United States pays about 22 percent of the common-fund budget for the North Atlantic Treaty Organization. But the volume of the U.S. defense expenditures effectively represents 73 percent of the defense spending of the Alliance as a whole. But that does not mean that the United States pays 73 percent of the costs of running NATO.

The figure reflects the fact that United States, as a world power, projects its might across the globe. Experts say it is all but impossible to calculate how much of overall U.S. defense spending is devoted exclusively for NATO, but there is little dispute that most members are not meeting their commitment to have defense expenditures should amount to 2 percent of each country’s gross domestic product.

As for Trump patting himself on the back for spurring NATO to focus on terror, he’s kidding himself. The plan was in the works long before Trump starting saying NATO was obsolete.

This data checks out, according to research by the Brennan Center for Justice. Nationally, the violent crime rate has fallen by 51 percent since 1991, and property crime has fallen by 43 percent.

As Clinton noted in her response, the terms of departure from Iraq were originally set by the George W. Bush administration. The Bush administration signed a Status of Forces Agreement (SOFA) with Iraq in 2008 that established a deadline for the withdrawal of all U.S. forces from Iraq by Dec. 31, 2011. But it was widely expected troops would remain after a negotiated extension.

Clinton, as Secretary of State, had pushed for some troops to remain in Iraq but the administration was not able to reach an agreement and so U.S. troops left Iraq. Former Defense Secretary Leon Panetta, in his memoir, pinned the blame on Obama: “To my frustration, the White House coordinated the negotiations but never really led them. Officials there seemed content to endorse an agreement if State and Defense could reach one, but without the President’s active advocacy, [Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri] al-Maliki was allowed to slip away.”

Obama, meanwhile, was pleased to be able to run for reelection in 2012 on a claim that no more U.S. troops were left in Iraq.

To a large extent, the Islamic State of today is simply an outgrowth of al-Qaeda of Iraq, which emerged after the 2003 invasion of Iraq.

At best, one could argue that actions that Obama failed to take (over Clinton’s opposition) helped contribute to the growth of ISIS, also known as the Islamic State. Islamic State certainly has become an important player in the Middle East, taking advantage of the civil war in Syria and the disarray in the Iraqi government to claim vast areas of both countries. In the past couple of years, the group’s activities have gathered attention in the United States; it was only in 2014 that President Obama dismissed Islamic State as a “JV team.”

Clinton was Secretary of State when Obama made decisions that could be seen as contributing to the rise of the Islamic States, but ironically she was one of the loudest forces for keeping a residual force in Iraq and for intervening in Syria, such as arming the rebels. Both steps advocated by Clinton might have thwarted the emergence of the terror group. Moreover, Clinton was not Secretary of State when Obama all but ignored the Islamic State as it moved back into Iraq in late 2013.

But — and here’s the irony — Trump criticizes Obama for a policy position he had advocated be taken even sooner than 2011. “I would announce that we have been victorious in Iraq and all the troops are coming home and let those people have their civil war,” Trump told CNBC in 2006. “I just said, announce victory, get them home…. Let’s say, ‘Victory, Tremendous.’ Have a big thing in the streets. Then get out real fast before you get shot. Let’s get home.”

Indeed, there are victims of homicide by undocumented immigrants, including by those in gangs. But there are two important data points to remember when Trump talks about this.

First, the vast majority of unauthorized immigrants do not fit Trump’s description of aggravated felons, whose crimes include murder. U.S. Sentencing Commission data shows homicides are a small percentage of the crimes committed by noncitizens, whether they are in the United States illegally or not.

Second, illegal immigration flows across the Southern border in fiscal 2015 were at the lowest levels since 1972, except for in 2011. The apprehensions in fiscal 2016 so far have exceeded fiscal 2015, but still indicate an overall decline.

ISIS does not control oil in Libya. Trump has been called out before on this point, but he keeps saying this false claim.

As for keeping the oil in Iraq, This is nonsensical. The Bush administration invested a lot of diplomatic effort in assuring Middle Eastern allies that the United States was not invading because of Iraq’s oil fields. Moreover, oil revenue was crucial to ensuring a functioning Iraqi state — which is why insurgents often targeted the oil sector in Iraq.

In any event, seizing the oil of a sovereign nation after invading it would be considered a “grave breach” of the Geneva Conventions, one of the cornerstones of international law, as well as other international agreements. Maybe Trump’s staff should arrange a tutorial on international law.

Our colleague Steven Mufson looked deeply at whether, international law aside, such a proposal was even feasible. One expert said it was “beyond goofy.”

Clinton is referring to this statement by Kellyanne Conway, back when she was supporting Trump rival Ted Cruz, the Texas senator.  Conway, who now defends Trump with fervor, told CNN on March 8: “For Trump, the debates are fought with peril. The Trump victims. The reason the messaging has gotten better is they are starting to talk about victims of Trump University, victims of Trump in Atlantic City. Before it was conservative apostasies, and now it is, you built your business on the backs of the little guy.”

Send us facts to check by filling out this form

Check out our guide to all Trump and Clinton fact checks

Sign up for The Fact Checker weekly newsletter

In the debate, Trump shifts on NATO, to the relief of Europe

Did Trump really suggest that China should invade North Korea?

Trump says China is ‘the best ever’ at devaluing its currency. That’s no longer true.",1
4440,"Saudi Arabia, Egypt to Invade Yemen","Egypt and Saudi Arabia are planning a ground operation in Yemen, Egyptian officials said Thursday, a day after Saudi Arabia began bombing Houthi rebels in the country. Three officials speaking to the AP did not give troop numbers, but said that they would enter by land and by sea and that the coalition would involve other countries. Turkey has said that it may be one of the nations providing ""logistical support."" Yemeni President Rabbo Mansour Hadi fled his home to an undisclosed location Wednesday. The White House said late Wednesday that President Barack Obama authorized logistical and intelligence support to the Saudi-led operations in Yemen. “While U.S. forces are not taking direct military action in Yemen in support of this effort, we are establishing a Joint Planning Cell with Saudi Arabia to coordinate U.S. military and intelligence support,” according to a White House statement.",1
1195,"Welcome to Trump County, U.S.A.","It is a little after midnight on a Friday in late January. I am in a strip club in Morgantown, West Virginia, drinking shit American beer that tastes like ice and newspaper. A man is passing me a semi-automatic handgun and telling me to pull the trigger. The man is John Barron; the gun is a Browning Hi-Power. It once belonged to an Israeli police officer, but now it belongs to Jeff, John’s brother, an early birthday present to himself. Together they own this strip club, the Blue Parrot Cabaret, dark and sparse with a front door the color of cherry skin. Across the street is a place that sells all-terrain vehicles; two miles up the road, a half-dozen fraternity houses sit on top of a steep hill that your car will groan to climb. John releases the magazine and holds the slide back to show me there’s nothing in the chamber. He is the type of man who could have worked at a video store or sold comic books or telescopes, a man proud to be a connoisseur. And now here he is, in a building that Jeff needed to mortgage his farm six years ago to help him open, on the fringes of a college town, the both of them sitting at a back table in a palace of human fantasies, talking about guns while half-naked women lead men upstairs by the hand to squishy leather love seats. John passes the Browning to me. It’s heavy and solid, something that should be obvious but is still startling somehow, immediately. “Feel the trigger on that,” Jeff says. I do. It feels smooth and light, like pushing an elevator button, except this is a thing designed for death. Printed on Jeff’s black T-shirt, in skinny white letters: “by reading this shirt you have given me brief control over your mind.” John and Jeff take out another gun, the recently released Ruger American 9-mm pistol, black and plastic-y, and then another, a tiny .380 Kel-Tec. Jeff’s eyes flash down to the guns and then back up to me and then back down again, all of them laid out on the counter. “Welcome to West Virginia,” he says. I am in West Virginia to understand Donald Trump. At least, to the extent that the political embodiment of a Hardee’s commercial needs to be understood. Specifically, I’m here to understand the people who want him to be president. Last December, The New York Times published a report—based on statistics from Civis Analytics, a Democratic data firm—that found West Virginia to have the highest support for Trump in the country. In its first congressional district—the northern part of the state, where Morgantown is located—45 percent of those polled said they would choose Trump over any other G.O.P. candidate. On some level, this isn’t a surprise. West Virginia hasn’t voted for a Democrat in a presidential election since 1996. The state, according to Census data, is 93 percent white and 88 percent native-born. And environmental restrictions targeting the coal industry—the central nervous system of the West Virginia economy—have been taken by many as a personal assault, a condemnation of the state’s culture, its history, its blue-collar virtues. The mess of these things has brought Obama’s approval rating in West Virginia as low as almost anywhere else in the country. And so I have come here to meet people like John and Jeff, people who see Trump as the renegade out for justice, as someone who is not impulsive but decisive; not cruel but honest; not bombastic but patriotic; not indecent but uninhibited. You may wonder, How could someone vote for a man so resistant to grace, to convention, to good taste? And those people will tell you, look where good taste brought us.

One afternoon at the Bluebird store in Clarksburg—part diner, grocery store, and social club—I meet Shane Shreves, a fourth-generation union coal miner. He wants Trump to be president. In 2015, he says, he lost 262 miners to layoffs at his mine alone, Robinson Run No. 95. “Coal has carried West Virginia on its back for 200 years,” he tells me. “It’s built schools. Communities. It’s not anger [we feel here], really, it’s just very frustrating.” Eric Leaseburg, the owner of the store, sits down at a big round table with us. He has a full plate of food in front of him. Shreves finishes a thought, and then Leaseburg says, as he loads up his fork, “I don’t even know if [West Virginians] want to see Trump president, but they’re just that pissed off.” And, well, if you’re pissed off, if your hopes for your stagnant town have wilted and died, who better than Donald Trump, America’s tooth fairy emeritus? He is a man who has turned the excruciating, real-life, how-are-we-keeping-the-lights-on pissed off into something marketable, a 140-characters version of pissed off, something easily packaged and disseminated. Trump is politician as pickup artist, as infomercial salesman; someone who will in a single breath pulverize your self-esteem and then convince you that he is the only one who can put you back together again, speaking in empty hyperbole, all “love” and “disasters”; someone to resuscitate all of your sputtering little egos with something grand and implausible. He loves everyone, everything, he’s going to take you home tonight, you have such beautiful eyes, baby, what are you doing here all alone? I can make you great again. Donald Trump is an American. But before that he is a mogul, a helicopter passenger, a monolith of barely considered interjections. His Twitter feed is a scroll of grave warnings and half-present admonishments of America-down-the-shitter. Is it any wonder that the same day Trump received an endorsement from Sarah Palin, he also received one from the daughter of John Wayne, another counterfeit cowboy? Trump behaves like a man bored enough by fame and wealth that he can manufacture an adversarial relationship with a nation just to challenge it. Someone so aroused by the idea of being outrageous and condescending that it seems to almost border on erotic for him. Someone who has spent his life negotiating, convincing, selling you things you don’t need for a price you can’t afford. He is selling not a commodity now but an inspirational hokum, a life raft, a rope ladder from a helicopter.

I am getting coffee for my ride north, stopping in Charleston, West Virginia, in Gino’s Pizza & Spaghetti House. There are posters on the wall for “Our Famous Pubwich” and “Ginos Original Sicilian Baked Sub” and “Old World Pepperoni Cheesy Bread.” The pictures of the items on the posters look “famous” the way mug shots look famous. The store manager, Cheryl Hall, has short blonde hair and punctuates every sentence with sweetie-sugar-honey-baby, putting her elbows on the counter to listen to you talk. She moved from Ohio to West Virginia in 1982, and in April she’ll have been working at Gino’s for 11 years. “I started and I didn’t think much of it,” she says. “I didn’t know it was gonna be a career. I wish I was like my son sometimes, he makes me realize maybe I’m not so ambitious.” Her son is 22. “He’s the light and the gift,” she says. I ask her about the election. “Me and my husband, we almost don’t wanna say it out loud, but we kinda like Trump, his ideas. He just doesn’t have, what’s the word for it? Couth?” I make my way to Clarksburg, the two-hour drive on I-79, empty and wide, the sunset pure and purple and orange against the snow-covered hills, barren for miles and miles except for the little dots of civilization, smoke coming from a house you can’t see at first, tire tracks in the dirt. In West Virginia, no matter where you are, you never feel far from nowhere. I spend part of my night at the Brickside Bar & Grill, just outside Clarksburg, the fifth-largest city in the first district. Population, according to the 2010 census: 16,578. State motto: Jewel of the Hills. Denny’s locations: one. At Brickside, I meet a man named Steve. Steve asks Tammy, the bartender, for some menu guidance. “You can’t go wrong with the steak hoagie,” she says. “We have a sriracha-agave wing sauce, it’s sriracha, agave, and spices they won’t tell me about,” Tammy says. Steve makes a face that says, “secret recipes are bullshit.” Then he asks her if they still make the fried-bologna sandwich. They do. He orders that, and an order of the wings. He tells Tammy, “Make sure they don’t cook the hell out of the wings. You know these pre-cooked wings, you don’t need to cook them for 10 minutes like they say.” Steve is a managing partner at the Outback Steakhouse near Clarksburg, so as a purveyor of mass-consumed deep-fried products, he is something of an expert. “I’ve worked in restaurants all my life,” he says. The conversation turns to the imperiled local economy. Steve, by way of explanation, quotes a scene from Dumb and Dumber in which Jim Carrey’s and Jeff Daniels’s characters come back to their apartment after a day hunting for employment. He recites Daniels’s line: “I can’t believe there’s no jobs in this town.” Then Carrey’s: “Yeah, unless you wanna work 40 hours a week.” His sentences tend to start peacefully, calculated, then the words gather like storm clouds, heading toward a profanity, pieces of crust from his fried bologna sandwich falling onto his black Pittsburgh Steelers sweatshirt. “What this country is right now is a hornet’s nest.” He has some more sandwich; we drink beer. “I’m all about conservation, you know. I love to fish, I love the beauty of nature. But China, Japan, you think they give a shit about the environment? But we’re supposed to?” He continues, “It’s the hypocrisy of it all. You know, like Hollywood. You remember Clint Eastwood, he gets up there [at the Republican National Convention in 2012] and he gets shredded. And he’s never been late on a movie set, he’s never been over budget. But he gets shredded. But then you have some of these actors up there, these motherfuckers all think they’re statesmen, and some of them didn’t even finish high school.” Before he leaves, he gives me a list of places to visit around town; it’s one of the few moments in our conversation he speaks with an unrestrained love for something. This will keep happening to me, people talking about the decency of other West Virginians and ordinary-seeming food as if it were a dream they had. Outside at the Brickside, there is an enclosed patio with heat lamps and stationary towers that have flames spitting out of them. A guy with dark bushy hair dances sloppily to “Love Shack” by the B-52s as someone else sings it in karaoke. The waitress says to Tammy, “That kid outside is kinda cute.” “Yeah?” Tammy says. The waitress adds, “I think that’s because he’s sort of hipster-ish, I don’t know.” This, apparently, is progressivism in West Virginia: semi-unkempt hair and an earring. The D.J. shouts, “We got some Nicki Minaj coming at you!,” and the crowd cheers like it hasn’t all night, like it’s preparing to bungee jump over the waters of rap music and dangle there for a few moments. Then a bunch of West Virginians with identical buzz cuts dance like they have nausea. Someone does the raise-the-roof motion. A pretty, tall blonde woman in a snug leather jacket indulges a dozen half-advances from guys in hats bearing logos for golf brands or sporting-goods chains. I go back to the hotel; my room looks out over a gas station and a place called Eat’n Park. Its sign reads: “CALORIES DON’T COUNT IF THEY SMILE.”

The next day, as I’m walking around downtown Clarksburg, I see a tall man in his 70s, Jim Hileman, standing in the entrance of the Lord’s Pantry food bank. Hileman is a Trump supporter: “I support the man because he’s crazy like me.” Then he laughs in a tone somewhere between mall Santa Claus and Batman villain hatching a diabolical plan. He’s been helping at the food pantry for about 10 years. He started out volunteering after he left his job at a funeral home, then he just kept doing it. He tells me to get to Ritz Lunch at some point to try their hot dogs. You have never heard people speak so fondly, so intimately about hot dogs. Not, like, the nuances of them, but their very existence, the way you would talk about a grandmother or an old Labrador. It’s part reverence, part nostalgia. I have never cared as much about anything as this man did about a hot-dog recommendation. It was sincere and beautiful, him imparting this to someone, a kind of treasure map. Two men are talking at a table when I walk into the Bluebird store. “Tobacco by itself probably doesn’t even cause all those cancers—it’s the chemicals,” a man says. He finishes eating and leans back in his chair. “That’s a pretty good lunch right there now. That’s like a dinner.” It isn’t a bad lunch, it must be said. I ask a woman named Pam if I can sit down and eat next to her and her friend. I tell her the purpose of this story and she almost deflates in her chair. Donald Trump alters her posture, literally. “We always get dumped on,” she says. “There’s this idea of [West Virginians] as bumpkins or whatever, but Kentucky has rural areas, too, you know? No one thinks of them like this. I hate to see us in a poll like that leading for Trump because it almost makes us look dumber. . . . At first I thought: Wow, he’ll go where no one else goes. We need that. But the more I hear him the more I think he’s just dangerous.” Across town, there are people trudging through the snow, pushing strollers around puddles, catching their breath outside the Dairy Queen. I walk into the Humane Society thrift store. There are bottles of half-used lotion, open boxes of Band-Aids for sale, a playpen full of stuffed animals, a bookshelf with a bundle of plastic bags tacked to it and a sign that reads, in black marker, “BOOKS 50¢ BAG.” Next to the cash register: a Donald J. Trump–brand shirt that looks like everything he has ever worn. White cuffs and white collar, a shade of blue that is just a little brighter and bluer than it needs to be. A volunteer named Joyce Insani looks at it and says, “Is anyone even gonna buy this shirt?” Another volunteer named Becky Steptoe walks by. “Careful what you say about our next president,” she says. I ask Becky if she likes that idea. “Well the country is a business. I think we need a businessman to run it.” Joyce is wearing a fleece vest the color of pink jelly beans. I ask her what she thinks. “I don’t really know what to think about him. He’s very successful, so he’s got to be smart.” She’s sorting women’s tops while she tells me this. “But I don’t think we’ll be able to fix this till we restore our faith in God.”

There are pockets all over West Virginia where business is something simple and utilitarian, practical, hand-painted signs hanging from stores that say “Junk Junk,” and beneath it, pots and pans and brooms and plastic lawn chairs. The next day, I head to the Northeast, through towns of a few hundred people, towns that are 97 percent white (Grafton) and 99 percent (Rowlesburg). I pass cemeteries and trucks that look abandoned, rusty machinery in backyards. Everywhere there are things leaning, teetering; you might consider this metaphorically, but it is literally true, the houses are breaking. I pass small shops and enterprises, one after another, places called Morgan’s Muffler Inspection and Dave’s Autobody; Larew’s Used Car, Jack’s Car Wash, Debbie’s Pantry, a human with a name who had an idea for a place to do a thing and then did it. I pull into a roadside restaurant in Grafton called Biggie’s. In the magazine rack, behind two candy machines that sell Skittles for a quarter, is a December 7 issue of the tabloid the Globe. On the cover in all capital letters: “IMPEACH OBAMA,” and a crosshair over the Statue of Liberty. There is one other customer inside Biggie’s; he’s a corrections officer at the Pruntytown Correctional Center. He has pale blue eyes and dime-size pupils that make everything he says seem wild and intense and on the verge of recklessness. “I like the idea of Donald Trump. He’s going to run it like a business. He don’t care who he offends. He’s gonna pull no punches. One of the things America was formed on was saying what you feel. We built this country on offending people.” He won’t give me his name, and I don’t make any progress asking a second and third time. “You don’t need my name.” Farther east, the town of Rowlesburg used to house the largest sawmill factory in the country. Now it has a population of 584. Three bars are boarded up, the church is closed, and the VFW’s walk isn’t shoveled. At the Sidetracked Bar and Grill, the bar is empty for the hour I’m there. Two trains pass. Mary Goff is standing behind the counter in front of two tap handles: Bud Light and Budweiser. I ask for a Budweiser, but they don’t have any beer yet; they’ve been waiting months for their license. I ask Goff what she thinks about Trump. “He’s maybe not the greatest person in the world,” she explains, “but he’s a businessman.” When West Virginians talk about the man, there is a mystique, an almost shamanistic wisdom granted to “business” people, anything associated with tycoons or their largesse, the implied clout and sophistication of a New Yorker in a shiny pink tie. “I’ll be honest with you,” one college kid named Eric tells me later that night, at a bar in Morgantown. “Trump has a ball sack, but I don’t know if he knows what the fuck he’s doing.” His friend, Erik, leans in, “But can you imagine him approaching, like, Saudi Arabia or something with that kind of mentality?” Eric interjects before reason can get in the way. “He’ll be fine,” he says, nodding confidently. And that, really, is its own sort of currency. Trump’s red-lining testosterone, his brazen dismissals of rivals, the way he duels with other candidates in ways that have nothing to do with policy, but everything to do with something essential about being a human, getting embarrassed and ignored in public. When Trump says, “Rubio, I’ve never seen a young guy sweat that much,” he’s winning in a way that seems irrelevant but also sort of irrefutable.

The Blue Parrot almost never opened in the first place. Jeff and John began renovations in March of 2010, but by mid-April the town was trying to stop them. Eventually, the county passed an ordinance that prohibited adult-entertainment venues from operating within 2,000 feet of churches, schools, or residential areas, but only after the Blue Parrot Cabaret was grandfathered in. And the county still fought them. Six years later, the club’s still here. “We had a terrible, terrible time,” John says. “There was no winning or losing. There was only winning. Once everything you own is on the line, it’s no longer options. It’s no longer choices. It’s going to work.” I’m talking to John about how the state’s population has hovered at around 2 million for the last 70 years, rounding myself into the same sort of defeatism I’ve heard in the people I’ve met here. He describes for me how the literal topography, the shape of the earth, restricts what sort of industries can survive. I ask him how it’s possible to not walk around mad all the time. Then Jeff says, from a few steps away, “Well you do. I think that’s why Trump appeals.” What do you do about any of this? “A lot of what gets done in West Virginia is through brute force,” he says. I imagine all these people left on their own, stranded, forgotten. I think about what Albert Camus said in The Stranger, “It was as if that great rush of anger had washed me clean, emptied me of hope, and, gazing up at the dark sky spangled with its signs and stars, for the first time, the first, I laid my heart open to the benign indifference of the universe.” I find no bumpkins in West Virginia. Nor do I find any Trump shrines. The only political paraphernalia I see, over three and a half days, is for Bernie Sanders. Instead of the burbling hints of a revolution, I find a pervading sense of resignation. People drift occasionally into states of indignation or anger, but mostly they express ambivalence. These are people who are familiar with dense winter skies, interstates that stretch and bend over the horizon, things that feel all around like they’re breaking or on an incline or carved through rock or forest or around rivers. Whether Trump exists to you as Vine superstar, or a political pioneer, or the hellion king in the cockpit of a kamikaze mission, something seems inescapable: this is West Virginia, this is its plight, things giant and immovable. And so I imagine you can get mad at the Democrats, at the idea of political correctness, at the grinding wheels of bureaucracy, at the notion of people trying to take your guns or your strip club or your job digging coal from the earth. At the passing train that momentarily brings your dying little town to a halt. At the person who keeps asking you for your name. You can be furious at things so big and maddeningly abstract that a tyrannosaur parade float of a man seems like a savior. But sometimes, all you can do is get mad at the mountains. Donald Trump has zeroed in on America’s percolating xenophobic aggression, harnessed the impulses behind it and tried to amplify them, using simple-as-that declarations that he will ban Muslims and Syrians and build walls, file lawsuits, circling the wagons and rebuilding, transforming. Delicate takes time, restraint takes time. Sledgehammers get right to it. There are people either tantalized by the mirage, tantalized by a man who would so shamelessly peddle the mirage, or leveled enough by rhetoric and empty idealism that they don’t have time for any of it. Sometimes the mirage looks pretty, sometimes the mirage looks real, sometimes it’s a con and we know it. On the last day of my trip, a man with a beard creeping high up his cheeks and a 30-case of Busch Light in one hand is on his way out of a convenience store. We talk about presidents. He’s holding the door open now with his foot wedged at the bottom, the cuffs of his pants torn and caked with mud, as people come in and out of the store. I ask him if he likes Trump, if he likes anyone, if he cares. It’s starting to snow. He turns and spits a long stream of black tobacco juice through the air, and then he looks back at me. “Whoever it is,” he says, “if they ain’t a thief now, they will be by the time they in office.” Then he’s gone. “O.K., you, in the third row… Yes, you… I’m calling on you… Yes, that’s why I’m pointing… I’m pointing with my finger… My FINGER. This one… Why would you think I’m holding up a cocktail frank?” In Iowa last January, Trump regales voters with a humanizing personal anecdote about how he once bit his right index finger after mistaking it for a half-eaten French fry. A wax figure of “Duke” Wayne looks on in disgust as Trump strains to reach his fingers all the way around daughter Aissa Wayne’s frankly rather petite shoulder. (Fun fact: you could load the barrel of Wayne’s pistol with 14 of Trump’s pinkies.) As Trump talks straight through a lunch-hour town hall in February, hungry New Hampshire voters appear mesmerized by the five chicken-tender-like appendages radiating from his sausage-patty-size palm. Greeting voters in Iowa City, Trump surreptitiously compares his hand to a baby’s, a smile of satisfaction and relief slowly spreading across his face. At the 1990 grand opening of the Trump Taj Mahal Casino Hotel in Atlantic City, wee hands try to summon a genie from a giant lamp. “It’s the motion,” Trump gamely jokes. At a recent G.O.P. debate in Las Vegas, Trump’s “fun-size” grip fails to circumnavigate Chris Christie’s big, beefy palm. Trump attempts to regain alpha-male status by showing the New Jersey governor his impression of a Doberman pinscher wagging its docked tail. An interesting optical illusion: Trump’s left hand is actually in the foreground of the picture! More ugly politics in South Carolina: Trump is forced to refute rumors, traced back to the Cruz campaign, that his fingers aren’t long enough for Christian prayer. Trump pretends to enjoy a pork chop on a stick at the 2015 Iowa State Fair, probably the one place on Earth where people won’t mistake a pork chop on a stick for Trump’s third hand. In costume with actress Megan Mullally at the 2005 Emmys, Trump wows an audience of hardened entertainment professionals by wrapping his fingers nearly all the way around a pitchfork. Some pundits have attributed candidate Trump’s hawkishness to the fact that, even though his fingers have as many joints as a normal man’s, they remain at least an inch short of being able to form a proper peace sign. Nothing much to say about the fingers in this picture; just curious why Trump’s “anus mouth” face hasn’t also become a thing. To this day, clubhouse attendants maintain that Trump had to be outfitted with a Babe Ruth Jr. Youth League glove for this 1991 appearance at Yankee Stadium. At this 2005 gala, Trump, thinking quickly, uses both hands to keep wife Melania from getting a good look at the size of a single Puff Daddy hand. Trump’s delicate right hand is nearly crushed by his nine-year-old daughter Ivanka’s huge, burly mitt at a 1991 event.",1
4942,Trump’s misleading claim that 58 percent of black youths are unemployed,"“Look at how much African American communities are suffering from Democratic control. … Fifty-eight percent of your youth is unemployed, what the hell do you have to lose?”

“He’s [Trump] saying, ‘How in the world can we abide a 58 percent unemployment rate among African American youth?’ ”

Regular readers of The Fact Checker know we have written about this figure in some of our round-up fact checks of Trump’s speeches.

But Trump continues to use it, and his new campaign manager has now adopted it as a talking point. Since we haven’t explored it in depth, we decided to take a more thorough look at what this figure means, and explain exactly why it doesn’t hold water.

The official Bureau of Labor Statistics unemployment rate for black youth is 19.2 percent — about one-third of the rate Trump uses.

A Trump campaign official previously told us that they calculated the 58 percent using this data set from the Bureau of Labor Statistics, calculating the number of people classified as “unemployed” and “not in the labor force” as a percentage of the total civilian population.

“Unemployed” refers to people who are available for work and actively looking for a job, but don’t have one. “Not in the labor force” refers to people who are not looking for jobs because they have given up looking, or are not interested — such as students. Students working part time while going to school are counted in the “employed” category.

That means Trump is counting students who are not looking for work as a part of the “unemployed” population. Technically, those students don’t have jobs. But that does not fit the definition of “unemployed” and is especially problematic for this age group, because the number of people who aren’t looking for jobs includes people who are in school full time.

Consider a 16-year-old high school sophomore, who is going to school full time and engaged in extracurricular activities when not in school. The student doesn’t have a job but isn’t looking for one. Counting the student as “unemployed” — defined as a person who’s looking for a job but can’t find one — doesn’t tell you anything about the labor market.

“No economist, I would think, would feel comfortable using that because it’s counting people who may have no interest in having a job,” said Adam Millsap, research fellow for the State and Local Policy Project at George Mason University’s Mercatus Center.

The BLS did not come up with the definition of “unemployed” out of thin air. It actually reflects an internationally embraced definition set by the International Labor Organization in 1982.

If you apply Trump’s definition to white youth, 49 percent are “unemployed.” That’s five times the official BLS unemployment rate (10 percent) for white youth.

Asians fare worse than blacks using Trump’s fuzzy math. The BLS youth unemployment rate for Asians is 9.6 percent, lower than the rate for white youth. But under Trump’s calculation, the Asian youth unemployment rate jumps to 63.6 percent — seven times the official rate, and even worse than the 58 percent figure for black youth.

See how the calculations for Asian, black and white youth compare in this graphic below. (Thanks to Millsap for helping us with the calculation.)

The difference in Asian youth rates may reflect a cultural factor, Millsap said. Fewer Asian youths may be in the labor force because they are more devoted to school and work less, even part time. But their BLS unemployment rate may be lower because Asian youth are more successful at finding a job if they look for one.

A campaign official previously told the Fact Checker that its calculation “is a more comprehensive reflection of disengagement from the labor force than the unemployment rate,” as it includes those who are not finding work because they are discouraged from previous attempts at employment. But the campaign did not respond to our latest inquiry, specifically for this fact check, for an explanation of why the campaign includes those who are not interested in looking for work (i.e., students).

If Trump really is interested in the rate of disengagement among black youth, there is an academically accepted measure he can use. It’s called NEET, which stands for “Neither Employed nor in Education or Training.” This measure factors out students altogether, and measures the share of disconnected youth aged 16 to 24.

Pew Research Center’s Drew DeSilver, who has written about youth unemployment and NEETs, calculated a 2015 NEET rate among black youth 16 to 24 at 20.9 percent of the total civilian non-institutional population, compared with 14.7 percent among white youth of the same age range.

Youth unemployment is higher among blacks than whites, regardless of the method you use. But Trump’s figure doesn’t show how it’s a persistent problem for black youth compared with white youth, and fails to accurately reflect the state of the labor market for black youth 16 to 24 years old.

Per Trump’s math, a 24-year-old college graduate who is actively looking for a job but can’t find one is in the same situation as a 16-year-old high school sophomore who is in school full time and going to band practice or playing on a school sports team when not in class.

And per Trump’s math, more Asian youth are unemployed than black youth — even though Asian youth have a lower official BLS unemployment rate than whites or blacks. So Trump ends up using a calculation for black youth that greatly exaggerates the actual number of people who can’t find a job even though they are trying, while minimizing their rate in the context of Asian youth.

We previously awarded Four Pinocchios to Trump’s absurd calculation that the “real unemployment rate” is 42 percent — about eight times higher than the official BLS rate. He applies the same junk analysis for the black youth unemployment rate, which defies internationally accepted measures of unemployment while ignoring an actual measure of disengaged youth that could prove his point. We award Trump Four more Pinocchios.

Send us facts to check by filling out this form

Sign up for The Fact Checker weekly newsletter",1
1730,"Scott Walker never stood a chance: Why this awkward, Koch-backed Midwesterner was outrageously overrated","In 2008, it was former Gov. Tommy Thompson of Wisconsin, whom beltway political mavens had built up for years as an exciting Republican reformer with big “new ideas” (like welfare reform and school vouchers). In the wake of the Bush debacle, he was especially attractive as an “outsider” who could make the American people forget what they’d just endured. Unfortunately, like Walker, on the stump Thompson was frighteningly unprepared, even making embarrassing gaffes about Jews and Israel, and he dropped out in August of 2007. Undeterred by this embarrassment, the establishment once again anointed a Midwestern Governor as the GOP’s salvation for exactly the same reasons in 2014, former Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty, who also flamed out before any votes were cast.

This year it was Scott Walker, who “suspended” his campaign yesterday after having been in precipitous free fall from front-runner to last place and facing the prospect of being booted from the main debate stage and forced to spar with Lindsey Graham at the kids’ table next time out.

If you don’t count Gerald Ford, who backed into the presidency by being appointed vice president and succeeding Nixon when he resigned, the GOP has never nominated a governor and only one politician from the Midwest since Alf Landon back in 1936: Senator Bob Dole in 1996. (And neither of them were exactly resounding victories — Landon only got two electoral votes and Dole was soundly defeated by the incumbent Bill Clinton.) Eisenhower more accurately belonged to the nation, not the region where he was born and his executive experience was in saving the world from fascism so such parochial electoral concerns were not particularly relevant.

But while it’s true that the modern electoral map is very daunting for the GOP, they seem peculiarly fixated on this region. Walker took the early lead in the Midwestern savior race, but for months people were also talking up Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder and Indiana Gov. Mike Pence as similarly excellent choices to lead the GOP out of the wilderness.  Back in 2014, as they all made pilgrimages to the Republican Governor’s Association, Politico described them this way:

The fact that they seemed to be able to transcend the party’s, shall we say, cruder side was also a big selling point. As Walker put it during his apparently impressive appearance:

By strong leadership he meant that one should be as crackpot right-wing as one can get away with and not be Michele Bachmann. And Walker was that guy in every way. The New Republic described him this way:

He took his marching orders from The Club For Growth, Americans for Prosperity and anti- immigration guru Jeff Sessions. He had evangelical credentials equal to those of Mike Huckabee and Rick Santorum. His record of union bashing was second to none.

And he certainly seemed nice, so nice in fact that he appeared to be something of a grinning simpleton at times, particularly on social media, where his tweeting of his dinner menus and constant pictures of himself riding on a Harley were ruthlessly mocked. While all the constituencies in the party who were presumed to be his greatest fans gave him plenty of chances, his gaffes and flip-flops made them doubt his sincerity and abilities. He had been widely assumed to be the Koch brothers’ choice due to their involvement in the union busting and recall campaign in Wisconsin. And they were admittedly very impressed with him until he started making embarrassing mistakes, like saying that Ronald Reagan’s greatest foreign policy achievement was taking on the air traffic controllers union, and flip-flopping on immigration several times, finally landing on the opinion that even legal immigration should be ended. Not ready for prime time doesn’t begin to describe it and the Kochs have known that for a while now. Additionally, for reasons that remain somewhat elusive, the Christian right just didn’t trust him. To someone who isn’t a member of that club, his tiny deviations from the dogma seemed understandable, but they saw it differently. With other candidates in the race with strong conservative evangelical credentials (as well as Trump, who rightly notes that many evangelicals love him too) that constituency never materialized for him either. And even aside from the now predictable consecration as this year’s Midwestern savior, the rationale for Walker’s campaign was built on the fallacy of his alleged prowess in bending the Legislature to his will and dominating at the ballot box. Apparently, managing to win in years that were national Democratic electoral bloodbaths and only being recalled once makes you a giant slayer in the Republican Party these days. And having a legislative majority that had been building an agenda and a game plan for many years before you were elected counts as a demonstration of heroic power. (Juggling numerous scandals and managing to avoid indictment is likewise considered a useful skill — which, come to think of it, it actually is in the GOP.) The sad fact is that Walker has been the most overrated politician in the country based largely upon the Republicans’ quixotic desire to find a leader who can put a respectable face on its increasingly disreputable base — and the media’s odd willingness to not believe what their eyes were telling them: that Walker was a terrible candidate. Like Pawlenty and Thompson before him, he may have looked good on a PowerPoint presentation, but in reality he showed few signs of life on the debate stage or on the stump. The good news for Washington’s pundits and establishment Republicans is that there’s still some hope for their Midwestern hero scenario to come true in 2016. There is another one in the race: Ohio Gov. John Kasich. Whether or not he can make the cut is still unknown, but if there’s one thing you can say about him, it’s that he’s anything but dull. Unfortunately, the Republican electorate seems mesmerized by “outsider” amateurs this year so far and Kasich is the embodiment of a lifelong politician who took some time out to cash in  — he’s the fourth richest Republican running — and then jump back in to become governor, and then president. He also has a habit of diluting his hardcore conservatism with some pragmatic deal-making from time to time, which is unlikely to be acceptable unless he adopts some Trumpish attitudes about Mexicans and Muslims to cover it. But whatever happens this time out, for those who believe in the Great Whitebread Hope as the only salvation for a fractured party that needs someone who can convince the country it hasn’t gone completely stark raving mad, there’s every reason to believe that the work goes on, the cause endures, the hope still lives and the dream shall never die.",1
2261,We Republicans Lost On Gay Rights. That’s A Good Thing.,"I’m not among those Republicans who have “evolved” on the issue of gay rights. I didn’t need to. I’ve always been attracted to the GOP message of more freedom and less government, but thought it hypocritical and counter to the core of our philosophy that Republicans would not apply those tenets to gay rights. But of course I was often the black sheep in campaign meetings during the 1990s and 2000s. There goes McKinnon again. Taking up for the gays. Although “gay” wasn’t the word that was used back then.

Politically, while it once helped political parties to use gay rights to divide and score political points (and the GOP didn’t have a monopoly on the issue; remember it was Bill Clinton who signed the Defense of Marriage Act), the wedge issue has now lost its edge, even, I would argue, in the 2016 Republican presidential primary. No Republican can win the nomination without the support of the business community. And Big Business is now at odds with the social conservative faction of the Republican Party over gay and transgender equality — and Big Business is winning.

Look at what’s happened in four states dominated by the GOP in the past year.

Weeks before the Super Bowl kickoff in 2014, the Arizona Legislature passed a bill allowing businesses to refuse service to gay customers. This “religious freedom” measure made it OK for business owners to kick customers out of their establishments if they opposed homosexuality on religious grounds. Scores of corporate titans in the travel and tourism industry, together with the NFL, opposed the bill. Gov. Jan Brewer vetoed it.

In Indiana this March, lawmakers tried to pass similar legislation, followed by a hell-hath-no-fury response led by Eli Lilly, Salesforce and Angie’s List, which canceled a $40 million project planned for Indianapolis. Marriott’s CEO said the legislation was “pure idiocy from a business perspective.” Gov. Mike Pence modified the bill, but the damage was done. (The state has since hired a global PR firm to resuscitate its image following the brouhaha.)

In Arkansas, same story. Seeing the firestorm that occurred in Indiana, Republican Gov. Asa Hutchinson didn’t sign the original bill that hit his desk after calls for him to veto it came from his own son, and from Arkansas-based Wal-Mart, which said the bill ran counter to the company’s values. In the end, the governor signed a less toxic, less controversial bill.

And this week, Texas became the latest to join the fray.

The Lone Star State just wrapped its legislative session, which included two “religious freedom” constitutional amendments. Learning from what happened in the above states, industry groups and major businesses went out pre-emptively — let me say that again: pre-emptively — before such bills made it too far in the Legislature. The conservative state chamber of commerce, the Texas Association of Business, took the lead.

The amendments “would devastate economic development, tourism and the convention business,” said Bill Hammond, TAB’s CEO. “One has to look no further than Indiana to realize what a detriment this would be, and how hard it would be to sell Texas to the rest of the country. The Super Bowl [in Houston in 2017], the Final Four, all those things would be at risk in Texas if this were to become part of our Constitution.”

More than 250 Texas companies — American Airlines, Dell, Texas Instruments, Dow Chemical, the Dallas Mavericks — went on record with a general pledge in support of treating gay and transgender Texans fairly and equally under the law — and that welcoming and inclusive communities are essential to their bottom line.

Both amendments in the Texas Legislature died a quick death.

So: four states, same story and same result. If the “religious freedom” strategy can’t work in Texas — the bastion of conservatism and beacon for business — where can it work?

It’s not news this country has come a long way on LGBT rights. An evolution, a massive one, has taken place. Culturally, we’ve gone from taboo to tolerance, and in some cities, total embrace. Elections are always about the future, never about the past. And so my advice to GOP candidates is to recognize that since our society has largely moved on, and business has moved on, so should the party of Abraham Lincoln, who fought a civil war over civil rights.

Discrimination is now simply bad for the bottom line and bad for any brand, whether a company’s or a state’s. When it comes to recruitment and retention, the millennial generation, which will be 75 percent of the workforce by 2030, doesn’t have much tolerance for anti-gay anything. In fact, it’s become somewhat of a litmus test. 73 percent of millennials support LGBT nondiscrimination, according to Public Religion Research Institute. Surely, they use it as one criterion when deciding where to work.

Most businesses now have their own internal nondiscrimination policies for LGBT employees, but they want to see their larger communities in which they operate adopt similar welcoming and inclusive policies. Top talent is looking for both a great job and a great quality of life. To most folks, I would venture, that does not mean a city or state that looks the other way when discrimination happens.

It’s clear from the reaction of many of America’s leading corporations, that Big Business wants to do the right thing for and by employees — all of them. And most CEOs of the Fortune 500 are Republicans. So, they are paving the way for more in our party to jump on board with gay rights. If it’s good for business, it’s generally good for the Republican Party.

Negative national headlines on religious freedom continue to fuel a negative image of the entire party. Both in my private conversations with and in public (and private) polling, conservatives are moving ever closer to supporting full equity for LGBT Americans. Gallup’s Values and Beliefs poll released last month showed a more than 20 percentage-point increase since 2001 in Americans (63 percent) who believe “gay and lesbian relations” are “morally acceptable”. You don’t get to a supermajority like that without Republicans. Even Texas conservatives support protecting gay and transgender folks from employment discrimination.

Republicans, like the rest of Americans, support nondiscrimination laws because most of us have gay family members, friends and co-workers and want to treat them as we would want to be treated. And having heard from moms and dads who want this great country to treat their gay child just like their straight child has been a powerful narrative. It really is all about family standing up for one another. Most people believe equality under the law can and does work well alongside protecting religious freedom — which must be and is protected, even cherished, in our Constitution.

Shockingly, it’s still legal in the United States of America, even as we may be on the brink of having marriage equality in all 50 states, to fire and evict gay and transgender folks — and kick them out of a restaurant — simply for being who they are. This is patently wrong and needs to be fixed.

Democrats and Big Business are at work fixing it, together. That would have been an odd pairing years ago. The GOP position is untenable — and out of step with one of its key constituencies. It’s time to stand up to the social conservative wing and move into the future.",1
2841,Iran takes hard stance on key provisions in nuke deal,"Iran took a hard stance on two of the biggest demands of world powers in a final nuclear deal Thursday, rejecting any extraordinary inspection rules and warning that if the U.S. and other countries re-impose sanctions after the deal is done, it will ramp up enrichment of bomb-making materials.

A senior Iranian negotiator told reporters outside Vienna the U.N. nuclear agency’s standard rules governing access to government information, sites of interests and scientists should be sufficient to ensure that Iran’s program is solely for peaceful purposes. Anything beyond that would be unfair, he said.

However, the U.S. and some other countries want Iran to take the extra step.

""We should be realistic,"" said the Iranian official, who briefed members of the news media on condition he not be quoted by name. The man also questioned the legitimacy of countries that don’t accept the International Atomic Energy Agency’s jurisdiction demanding that Iran be subject to tougher requirements than any other nation. RIA-Novosti reported that Russia also backed Iran’s position that additional inspection guidelines for Iran weren’t necessary.

The official was making a clear reference to Israel, a state widely presumed to maintain an undeclared nuclear arsenal.

The marker is expected to be a cause for concern for the Obama administration and other world powers who are hoping to come to an agreement that would curb Iran’s atomic program for a decade in exchange for relief from crippling sanctions.

The hard stance from Iran comes as the head of the IAEA visited Tehran Thursday to deal with issues surrounding the deal and to seek ""clarification"" of possible military dimensions of programs, The Wall Street Journal reported.

“I believe that both sides have a better understanding on some ways forward, though more work will be needed,” Director-General Yukiya Amano said in a statement.

Amano's trip, described by both western and Iranian officials as potentially important in unlocking a deal, also covered the sensitive issue of access to military sites by IAEA inspectors, The Journal reported.

Iran has committed to implementing the IAEA’s “additional protocol” for inspections and monitoring as part of an accord. The protocol gives the IAEA expanded access to declared and undeclared nuclear sites, and to the sensitive information of more than 120 governments that accept its provisions.

However, the rules don’t guarantee monitors don’t guarantee monitors can enter any site they want to and offer no specific guidelines about sensitive military sites – an issue with Iran, given the long-standing allegations of secret nuclear weapons work at its Parchin base near Tehran.

Instead, the agency’s regulations allow governments to challenge such requests and offer alternative proposals for resolving concerns, such as providing additional documents or access to nearby locations.

For that reason, U.S. officials maintain that rules for inspection must go beyond those laid out by the IAEA for all sides to come to an agreement.

Even as Iran's supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, has defiantly rejected such access, U.S. officials have sought to differentiate between what Iranian officials were saying is for domestic consumption and what they were promising in the negotiating room.

Tehran says its program is solely for peaceful energy, medical and research purposes, but wants a deal to level the mountain sanctions that have crippled its economy.

President Obama has said the U.S. would maintain its ability to snap sanctions back into place if Iran cheats as some officials don’t trust Iran to hold up its end of the bargain. Iran has said that ability goes two ways.

If Iran is facing the re-imposition of penalties, and the U.S. and its partners don’t uphold their commitments to provide economic relief, he said “Iran has the right to go back to its program as it wishes.”

The official didn't spell out what that meant, but Iran would have several options, such as installing new centrifuges, enriching uranium at levels closer to weapons-grade or restarting activity with material that can be used in warheads where it has pledged to do no such thing.

However, the official said the Islamic Republic would have no need to revert back to its previous capacities if the deal is favorable.

Russia's deputy foreign minister Sergei Ryabkov said his government also opposes any automatic re-imposition of international sanctions. Russia and the United States are negotiating alongside Britain, France, Germany and China.

There were few public signs of progress as the high-level negotiations entered a sixth day Thursday after diplomats blew through a June 30 deadline and extended an interim accord by a week. Work was progressing, albeit slowly, officials said.

""Not at breakthrough moment yet,"" British Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond tweeted.

Hammond had a morning meeting with U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry, who also consulted top diplomats from China, France, Germany and the European Union. Kerry met Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif late Thursday.

Speaking at the Vienna-based Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe, German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier said all participants had ""the serious intention to finalize a deal,"" but cited numerous unresolved issues.

""The last steps are the most difficult ones,"" he told reporters.

Negotiators have given themselves until at least July 7 to reach agreement.

The Associated Press contributed to this report",1
2113,The awful truth about climate change no one wants to admit,"There has always been an odd tenor to discussions among climate scientists, policy wonks, and politicians, a passive-aggressive quality, and I think it can be traced to the fact that everyone involved has to dance around the obvious truth, at risk of losing their status and influence.

The obvious truth about global warming is this: barring miracles, humanity is in for some awful shit.

Here is a plotting of dozens of climate modeling scenarios out to 2100, from the IPCC:

The black line is carbon emissions to date. The red line is the status quo — a projection of where emissions will go if no new substantial policy is passed to restrain greenhouse gas emissions.

We recently passed 400 parts per million of CO2 in the atmosphere; the status quo will take us up to 1,000 ppm, raising global average temperature (from a pre-industrial baseline) between 3.2 and 5.4 degrees Celsius. That will mean, according to a 2012 World Bank report, ""extreme heat-waves, declining global food stocks, loss of ecosystems and biodiversity, and life-threatening sea level rise,"" the effects of which will be ""tilted against many of the world's poorest regions,"" stalling or reversing decades of development work. ""A 4°C warmer world can, and must be, avoided,"" said the World Bank president.

But that's where we're headed. It will take enormous effort just to avoid that fate. Holding temperature down under 2°C — the widely agreed upon target — would require an utterly unprecedented level of global mobilization and coordination, sustained over decades. There's no sign of that happening, or reason to think it's plausible anytime soon. And so, awful shit it is.

Nobody wants to say that. Why not? It might seem obvious — no one wants to hear it! — but there's a bit more to it than that. We'll return to the question in a minute, but first let's look at how this unsatisfying debate plays out in public.

The latest contretemps was sparked by a comment in Nature by Oliver Geden, an analyst at the German Institute for International and Security Affairs. In it, he made a simple argument. Politicians, he says, want good news. They want to hear that it is still possible to limit temperature to 2°C. Even more, they want to hear that they can do so while avoiding aggressive emission cuts in the near-term — say, until they're out of office.

Climate scientists, Geden says, feel pressure to provide the good news. They're worried that if they don't, if they come off as ""alarmist"" or hectoring, they will simply be ignored, boxed out of the debate. And so they construct models showing that it is possible to hit the 2°C target. The message is always, ""We're running out of time; we've only got five or 10 years to turn things around, but we can do it if we put our minds to it.""

That was the message in 1990, in 2000, in 2010. How can we still have five or 10 years left? The answer, Geden says, is that scientists are baking increasingly unrealistic assumptions into their models.

Geden focuses on one such assumption: that substantial negative emissions will be possible in the latter half of the 21st century. We will be able to suck thousands of megatons of carbon out of the atmosphere, so humanity can go net negative by 2100, even if we emit a bunch more carbon in the short term.

The mechanism for negative emissions is supposed to be bioenergy — burning plant mass — coupled with carbon capture and sequestration. The combo is called BECCS, and in theory, it buries more CO2 than it emits.

If you work enough BECCS into your model, you can almost double humanity's ""carbon budget"" — the amount of carbon we can still pump in the atmosphere without passing 2°C. After all, if you can suck half the carbon out, you can afford to pump twice the carbon in.

But is large-scale BECCS plausible? There's the problem of finding a source of biomass that doesn't compete with food crops, the harvesting of which does not spur additional emissions, and which can be found in the enormous quantities required. The IPCC scenarios that come in below 2°C require BECCS to remove between 2 and 10 gigatons of CO2 a year from the atmosphere by 2050. By way of comparison, all the world's oceans combined absorb about 9 gigatons a year; all the world's terrestrial carbon sinks combined absorb about 10 gigatons a year.

These scenarios mean potentially doubling the capacity of terrestrial carbon sinks, capturing and burying — permanently, without leaks — gigatons of CO2 a year. How will it be monitored? What if it leaks or is breached?

There's no consensus on the viability of widespread BECCS, which, after all, doesn't exist yet. One 2014 commentary in the journal Nature Climate Change, co-bylined by 14 researchers, raised serious doubts about the feasibility of large-scale BECCS and the wisdom of betting the climate farm on it. They note that ""deployment of large-scale bioenergy faces biophysical, technical and social challenges, and CCS is yet to be implemented widely,"" and that ""widespread deployment [of BECCS] in climate stabilization scenarios might become a dangerous distraction.""

But BECCS isn't the only way to make models produce happier results. The scenarios that show a high likelihood of avoiding 2°C also presume policy regimes that are positively utopian: a rising price on carbon, harmonized across every country in the world; the availability, maturation, and rapid deployment of every known low-carbon technology; all bets paying off, for 50 years straight. It would be quite a run of luck.

Is it possible in models? Yes. Is it possible IRL? Climate modeler Glen Peters doesn't think so:

There are other ways to shape model outcomes. Peters draws attention to this chart, from the IPCC AR5 report:

Row four is the total carbon budget available to humanity this century, in gigatons. As you can see, if you move right or left on the chart, relatively small changes substantially alter the carbon budget. If you tweak the scenario from having a 66 percent chance of staying under 2°C to a 33 percent chance, the carbon budget goes from 1,000 gigatons to 1,500 — 50 percent more breathing room.

If you decide 2°C is too difficult, and maybe 3°C is okay, your carbon budget goes from 1,000 gigatons to 2,400, more than doubling. That sure looks a lot easier. (Though, important note: even hitting that easier target would require substantial BECCS!)

Kevin Anderson, of the UK's Tyndall Centre for Climate Change Research, is another frequent critic of these model assumptions. He says that models have often included unrealistically low estimates of current and future emissions growth, unrealistically early peaks in global emissions, and unequitable estimates of emission curves in developing countries (implicitly assuming stunted development).

Add to all these considerations the high rate of decline in emissions necessary after global emissions peak. It used to be that 2 percent annual global emission reductions was considered the maximum feasible (without serious economic contraction). Now models routinely show 4 or even 6 percent annual reductions, a rate of emissions decline that has never been achieved by anyone, anywhere, ever, much less consistently over 50 years.

Peters also shares this figure, from researcher Robbie Andrew:

In these scenarios, emissions never go net negative, though BECCS can get used. As you can see, for each year that emissions continue rising, the rate of decline afterward has to be steeper to stay within the budget.

Now policymakers are being told that emissions can peak in 2030 and still keep temperature rise under 2°C. To get that result in a modeling scenario, emissions have to fall 6 percent a year, even with large amounts of BECCS thrown in. To find that plausible, one has to imagine all of human society turning on a dime, beginning in 2030, deploying massive amounts of nuclear, bioenergy, wind, and solar, and doing so every year for decades.

It's ""possible,"" yes, but at a certain point that term loses much meaning. Something that would require human beings to quickly and fundamentally change their collective behavior may not violate the laws of physics, but it is unlikely, given what we know about human beings, path dependence, and political dysfunction. This is what I once called the ""brutal logic of climate change.""

The question is, who is responsible for publicizing the truth about the assumptions behind these scenarios? Is it scientists? Niklas Höhne, director of the New Climate Institute, offered a reasonable response to Geden:

I think there's a good bit of truth in this. The integrated assessment models (IAMs) used to produce these scenarios are not meant to yield predictions, or even plausible alternatives. They show what outcomes result from a particular set of inputs; they reflect their assumptions. Theoretically policymakers ought to know this, but political misuse of modeling is as old as modeling.

Nonetheless, the heated reactions elicited by Geden's piece do show that he's on to something. You can see some of those reactions on BuzzFeed, ClimateWire, and Responding to Climate Change (RTCC). A few are just crazy and knee-jerk, like Bill Hare of Climate Analytics, who ""lumped [Geden] in with climate skeptics and other naysayers 'who systematically downplay the risks of climate change and argue against action to reduce emissions on spurious and ill-founded grounds.'"" That is roughly the opposite of what Geden does.

Others respond by, in my view, missing the point. Stefan Rahmstorf and Michael Mann both insist that Geden is wrong, that 2°C is still physically possible.

I don't take that as the main thrust of Geden's argument, though. Lots of things are physically possible that nonetheless require heroic assumptions about collective human behavior (like, say, aggressive mitigation policy, in the face of powerful vested interests, harmonized across the globe, sustained for decades ... and also many gigatons worth of BECCS). The question is not whether 2°C scenarios violates laws of physical science, but whether they are reasonable given what we know about human beings.

That's not really a scientific judgment, though, is it? Geden makes the same mistake when he writes, ""the climate policy mantra — that time is running out for 2°C but we can still make it if we act now — is a scientific nonsense."" No. It may be a nonsense, but it's not a scientific nonsense. No branch of science, certainly not climatology, can tell us what the humans of 2050 are capable of. We are all, on that score, making educated guesses, and a knowledge of history, politics, and economics will be just as important to that judgment as any knowledge of the physical sciences.

I imagine the scientists want to blame the policy advisors and the politicians — after all, they didn't hide the unrealistic assumptions, they are right there in Appendix 17 for anyone interested.

And yes, theoretically, the policy advisers surrounding politicians should make clear to them exactly the assumptions required to produce the 2°C outcome. And politicians should be straight with their constituents about those assumptions.

However, as the kids say these days, politicians gonna politic. They all have enormous incentive to try to thread the needle, to accept the 2°C target on one hand while maintaining that current policy commitments are adequate, or might some day be adequate, on the other. To do that, they need evidence that success is still within reach.

There is not a politician on earth wants to tell his or her constituents, ""We've probably already blown our chance to avoid substantial suffering, but if we work really hard and devote our lives to the cause, we can somewhat reduce the even worse suffering that awaits our grandchildren."" [crowd roars]

And Geden is right that scientists have very little incentive to tell the unpleasant truths either. They can stick to physical science and the ""possibility"" of 2°C for quite a bit longer, I would imagine. Geden fears that the next big thing, the next deus ex machina to save the 2°C target, is going to be solar radiation managements (aka geoengineering). If they're told to model it, what can scientists do? They'll model it.

The sad fact is that no one has much incentive to break the bad news (except, ahem, my colleague Brad Plumer). Humans are subject to intense status quo bias. Especially on the conservative end of the psychological spectrum — which is the direction all humans move when they feel frightened or under threat — there is a powerful craving for the message that things are, basically, okay, that the system is working like it's supposed to, that the current state of affairs is the best available, or close enough.

To be the one insisting that, no, things are not okay, things are heading toward disaster, is uncomfortable in any social milieu — especially since, in most people's experience, those wailing about the end of the world are always wrong and frequently crazy.

Yet here we are. The fact is, on our current trajectory, in the absence of substantial new climate policy, we are heading for up to 4°C and maybe higher by the end of the century. That will be, on any clear reading of the available evidence, catastrophic. We are headed for disaster — slowly, yes, but surely.

Even as many climate experts are now arguing that 2°C is an inadequate target, that it already represents unacceptable harms, we are facing a situation in which limiting temperature even to 3°C requires heroic policy and technology changes.

And yet ... the world doesn't appear to be ending; there's no big, visible threat. Climate change moves so slowly that its pace is evident primarily through graphs and statistics. It rarely rises above the background noise.

So people want to hear that there's hope of 2°C. Politicians want to say that there's hope of 2°C. When asked, modelers are still able to produce scenarios that show 2°C. And nobody wants to be the one to pee in the punch bowl.

Further reading: Two degrees: How the world failed on global warming",1
1219,RNC chairman: 'We're going to embrace whoever the nominee is',"""I think it's pretty clear we're going to embrace whoever the nominee is. I embrace all of these candidates,"" he told CNN's Alisyn Camerota Wednesday on ""New Day."" ""Whoever the nominee ends up becoming they're going to join the biggest RNC operation we've put together.""

Priebus said the GOP is still pretty divided in its support.

""It's a big party. And there are some of our major donors I saw standing behind Donald Trump. People are competing. And people are endorsing different candidates,"" he said.

Priebus said he was not surprised by Trump's success in Nevada with Hispanic voters because the Republican Party has been working for the past several years to connect with Hispanic voters.

""We have been obviously working very hard in expanding the Republican Party in Hispanic communities. We're in the middle of hiring 1,300 people right now many of which are going to be in Hispanic neighborhoods,"" he said. ""What I have in mind is making sure that we've got a party that doesn't show up in Hispanic and black communities and Asian communities three months before an election and expect that the brand is going to sell. It won't."" Priebus also dismissed a Washington Post editorial taking him to task for not rebuking Trump over controversial statements. ""That is the stupidest editorial that I have ever seen,"" he said. ""That I'm called out for not beating up the front-runner of the GOP ... It's ridiculous."" ""That's not my job. My job is to put forward the fairest process that we can put forward. To not put my hand on the scale. To allow our delegates to make the choices that they want to make. And then accept the decision that the delegates make,"" he said.",1
3259,"Cory Booker: Senate bill is ""in my lifetime the first reversal of mass incarceration""","Sen. Cory Booker acknowledges that the Senate's criminal justice bill is not perfect. But he doesn't hesitate to point out that ""it's in my lifetime the first reversal of mass incarceration in the federal level.""

The legislation contains some big compromises: It keeps many mandatory minimum sentences, does not shorten sentences for violent offenders, and adds a new mandatory sentencing enhancement for fentanyl, a powerful opioid, when it's present in trafficked heroin. Booker said that if it were only up to him, the legislation would have gone much further in rolling back punishments, and it wouldn't have added the mandatory enhancement for fentanyl.

But he argued that at the end of the day, the bill would be progress, leading to fewer people in federal prisons. It would reduce some mandatory minimum sentences — retroactively for nonviolent offenders. It would give judges the power to downgrade 10-year mandatory minimum sentences for first-time drug offenders. And it would let people currently in prison take steps to reduce the length of their sentences through special programs, as long they demonstrate they no longer pose a threat to society.

Booker argued this is enough to make the law a net good. And as a progressive senator, he said people should get on board.

Here's my conversation with Booker, edited for length and clarity.

German Lopez: Since we last talked, the criminal justice reform bill was introduced and changed, and it's now definitely safe to say it's a compromise. How do you view the legislation now that it's closer to final form?

Cory Booker: It's never been the totality of what I wanted. It's never been as bold as I wanted it to be. But it is a significant bill in the sense that it is stopping this drift that we've seen over the last 20, 30 years toward massive hyper-incarceration. And in fact, it's the first major [federal] bill that's going to begin to unwind or move the pendulum back toward the sanity that we as a nation should be so urgently demanding.

So the compromises at the end of the day — and some people are making them out to be far worse than they actually are — don't undermine the truth of the bill. This is going to take our serious problem of over-incarceration and begin to reduce it, give judges more discretion, give people with these long, unnecessary sentences avenues to earn their time down and get more early release, and affect people as they come out of prison in a way that will empower them to be more successful. All those things are good things.

GL: In terms of the bill's specifics, one of the compromises that stuck out to me, as someone who covers drug policy, is the addition of the fentanyl mandatory penalty. It just seems kind of strange to me — and I've heard this from readers, too — that a bill that's supposed to reform and move away from mandatory minimums for nonviolent drug offenses would add this kind of penalty. What's your view on it?

CB: Well, first of all, I obviously wouldn't want that in there.

But it's important for your readers to understand that it is not a mandatory minimum. There's a big difference between telling a judge that you have to give this person five years in prison or more versus what this is, which is a sentencing enhancement, which says to the judge, ""You got to give this person some kind of enhancement,"" but the full discretion is to you. You could literally give 12 hours, one day, or more time if you want to.

So for me, what I reject is three strikes you're out, 10-year mandatory minimums that take all the discretion out of the judge's hands and put it all in the legislature's hands. That's one of the ways we've gone awry.

The last thing that's really important is that in fiscal year 2014, the US Department of Justice only prosecuted 12 [heroin cases involving fentanyl] nationwide. So this means 12 cases the judge would have the ability to add more on but would have the discretion not to do that.

So, number one, this provision affects a small amount of people. Number two, it's not a mandatory minimum. Number three, if this is one of the compromises we had to make to get the other major pulldowns of mandatory minimums that could affect thousands of people, that is a small, small compromise for the big, big gains we're going to be getting in reducing mass incarceration through the bill.

GL: What are some of the things the bill does that you don't like?

CB: I'll tell you, I fought hard to get the end of juvenile solitary confinement, and I'm upset — though I understood I had to take what we got — that it's only for juveniles that have been tried as juveniles, as opposed to a 16-year-old who's been tried as an adult. He's still eligible for that solitary confinement. That's problematic to me. It's a 16-year-old child — and, again, it's a small number, but they're still in the system. We want the ban on solitary confinement for them.

That a 16-year-old, whose brain is still under development, when they're so vulnerable, [can still be placed in solitary confinement], that's something I don't like in the bill.

We worked hard to get the expungement for juveniles, and I'm worried that that's not in the House provision right now. So that's a provision that's vulnerable.

""As soon as this one passes, I'm back to negotiating and fighting for the next bill that can go further than this""

We were able to get 10-year [mandatory minimums] and above into the judge's discretion, but we were not able to get the five-year mandatory minimums. In other words, with a 10-year, the judge can actually disregard the mandatory minimum according to the bill. That's a massive redirecting of power back toward judges. We won that for 10-year, but we did not win it for five-year mandatory minimums.

If you want more, I could obviously give you a small dissertation on the bill Cory Booker would have wanted versus that one [we got]. In my opinion, I would have liked to just have gotten rid of the mandatory minimums altogether and made our judicial system about judges, juries, prosecutors, and defendants again and not legislators who know nothing about the particular circumstances of a case. So there's a lot of things that are in the bill that aren't the things that I really want, but it is a result of a compromise.

Look, as a result of this compromise, we've gotten Sen. [Mark] Kirk, Sen. [Thad] Cochran, Sen. [Steve] Daines, and Sen. [Dan] Sullivan onto the bill, which gives us all the more chances of it getting passed.

Again, it's not my dream bill. And as soon as this one passes, I'm back to negotiating and fighting for the next bill that can go further than this. And the more guys like you, frankly, and others are awakening the public [to] what I think is one of the greatest cancers in our country, on the soul of our democracy, the more people will be pressing for other and further reforms.

GL: The reason I asked that is to gauge the cost-benefit analysis that you're doing in your head in terms of what makes this bill good and what would make it too bad to pass. It seems like you're saying that this pushes the ball forward a bit and reduces incarceration overall, and that makes it worth passing. But how do you gauge that?

CB: The Sentencing Commission numbers are clear: This is going to have a significant benefit to reducing incarceration. Elements of this bill will have a significant benefit.

There's some benefits that I know are huge that we can't measure, like giving judges that discretion back. We can't measure that. But I know federal judges who've spoken to the fact that they feel like their hands are tied, literally grieving that they have to put down sentences that they know are inappropriate. Well, now, for those 10-year mandatory minimums, those judges have that discretion, and I think it's going to be used a lot. Those are the things we can't measure.

But we have some good numbers on the sentencing reform.

This will move the ball on the field a good number away, and will affect thousands upon thousands of Americans who are unnecessarily, potentially even unjustly, forced to serve very, very long terms. This bill will do good.

It won't do as much good as I would want, but there's no cost-benefit analysis. The choice is this or nothing in this Congress. Nothing leaves a lot of people wallowing in prison, facing harsh judgments that are not necessary. My thinking is let's put these points on the board and commit ourselves to understanding the game's not over yet.

GL: Are you worried that passing this bill would make it harder to get more reform, since people would feel like they at least did something? Or do you think there's so much movement for reform that it will still happen?

CB: I'm a new legislator, so that question you asked me, I've asked so many veterans around this place on both sides of the Capitol. That was a common question I asked for a while — until I heard the same answer from enough senior Democrats that I stopped asking it.

So what everyone who has experience legislating has told me — Dick Durbin was the first person to spell it out for me — is that if you have a chance to pass a bill that does a lot of good, do it, because you never know what's going to happen next year, or what the sentiment is going to be next political cycle. Take what you can off the table. You may not get the whole loaf, but take the loaf that you can get — and then go back to fighting again.

I've been convinced by that argument from enough senior senators. I'll take as much as I can.

And then, by the way, the coalition that we've helped foster around this issue, it isn't going away either. Conversations with Mark Holden, with the Koch brothers, with Newt Gingrich, with others — everybody knows that there's more work to do. So I don't think you're going to get any diminution in commitment from a lot of these interest groups, advocacy groups, and justice groups.

But, again, you never know what can happen — who's going to win the presidential election, who's going to win the Senate, who will be elected in the House. So I think the right thing to do is to get a bill that may not go as far as we want to. But it's in my lifetime the first reversal of mass incarceration in the federal level.

GL: So the bill received some big changes recently, after it was released last year, due to fears about some of the measures benefiting violent offenders. But I know that a lot of reformers and experts actually liked those portions; they think it's important to acknowledge that sentences are too long not just for drug offenders but for everyone in general. Where do you stand on that, and is it something you intend to work on moving forward?

CB: I've spoken about this publicly a lot. And I don't have unanimity in my own caucus about this. But we have an issue with violent crime in the sense that everybody makes a stark difference between violent offenders and nonviolent offenders.

But for people in the criminal justice working world, that is a gray line at best. You could have someone who's in a car, driving a boyfriend, and the boyfriend decides to jump out, pull a gun out, rob somebody, jumps back in the car, and she keeps driving — and now she's a violent criminal.

So we need to start having a better conversation about the many people who are languishing in prison for very long terms when their crime was not showing the right sense and stopping the car and exiting the car as a driver or what have you.

I still think we have disproportionate punishments for people who are so-called violent criminals but don't necessarily involve any direct actions of violence.

In addition to that, the circumstances to violent crime. I'll give you an example on an assault charge. If you and I got into a bar fight, and you punched me, and I fell backward and I hit my head, and I died, that's a horrible crime — but there are circumstances within that. Does that person deserve life imprisonment?

I just think there's a fear to have a candid conversation about proportionality when it comes to things that are labeled as violent crimes.

GL: Even for people who have done truly violent or horrible things, there are also some questions about whether they truly deserve the long sentences they're getting, especially if they can prove that they've rehabilitated or have aged out of crime. In those kinds of cases, what do you think should be done?

CB: Let's look at the statistical reality. When people are in prison, maybe they commit a crime in their 20s, and now they're in their 50s, 60s, and 70s and we're still holding them in prison; there is so much data that shows that you hit a point in your age that your chances of committing another crime have gone down dramatically.

There comes a point where you really have to ask yourself if we have achieved the societal end in keeping these people in prison for so long. Is the societal cost and expenditure worth it to keep somebody who's older — higher medical costs and the like — in prison? This is a conversation this country really needs to have.

By the way, I think what you're getting at also is that we are different than most places on the planet Earth in terms of the lengths of our sentences even for violent crimes.

GL: One example that comes to mind is Norway's system, where prison terms are capped at 21 years but perhaps a judge can add a few years at the end of the term. It seems like something the US could move to.

CB: Even with our bill, what a lot of people don't understand is that people who are earning time out in our bill, they're not just getting it and then it's like, ""Hey, it's time to get out."" They have to go for reviews before the prosecutor, before the judge. So we're not just opening doors for people to leave without any checks whatsoever. In fact, the checks are, in my opinion, very justifiably burdensome for someone to exit prison.

So a system in which someone who serves 40 years on a sentence and is now a senior citizen, a system that says they should now be able to go through a process and the victims are notified, where prosecutors are there, where the chance for redemption is open to them, not given to them, I think we should have a system that allows a chance for redemption for people who are well past the point in their lives where they're any statistical threat to this country.

GL: If this bill passes, are there any particular ideas you're thinking about specifically in terms of criminal justice reform?

CB: I don't know my communications director will want me to say this, but: Hell yes!

Let's start with the great bill to ""ban the box."" That's a no-brainer, in my opinion. And it has wide bipartisan support. And it would deal with this other problem that you and I haven't talked about yet: Folks who get out of prison — maybe they only serve a year, maybe they only serve a month — now they can't get a job.

There is, across the board, so much more work to be done in this area. Should this bill get done and sent to the president's office, before the ink is dry I'm going to start talking about the many more things that we have to do to bring justice back to our justice system.

GL: That's one thing the bill leaves out: addressing all these collateral consequences. You mentioned ""ban the box,"" but it also applies to other stuff, like voting rights and welfare benefits. I know some of this is done at the state level, but still.

CB: I'm on a bill about voting rights. States may be able to do what they want on the state level, but on federal offices, heck yes that's our jurisdiction. And it's outrageous that African Americans are four times more likely to be convicted of drug crimes, even though they have no difference in committing drug crimes. And guess what, as a result of that? Black Americans are about four times more likely to lose their voting rights.

I'm already involved on legislation on a whole bunch of these issues — really good bills that I'm not giving up on fighting for. And when this sentencing bill is done, I'm going to be part of introducing new sentencing bills around mandatory minimums, because I think the momentum and history is on our side. And we can continue to chip away at this problem.",1
3220,Republicans Are Now Seen As The More Extreme Party,"In a shift of opinion since the 2014 midterms, Americans now consider the Republican Party more extreme than the Democratic Party, a new HuffPost/YouGov poll finds.

In the days just after the GOP retook the Senate last November, Americans were evenly split as to which party they thought was more extreme. They now say by an 8-point margin that Republicans are further from the mainstream.

Half of Americans now say the GOP is too extreme, up 7 points since November. The percentage saying Democrats are too extreme, which has remained relatively steady, is currently 39 percent.

Forty-eight percent of independents now say the GOP is too extreme, up 9 points from last year. The percentage of Republicans calling their own party too extreme also rose by 6 points.

One thing hasn't changed: Most Americans still want members of both parties to work together. Fifty-six percent say that Republicans should compromise some of their positions to work with Democrats, rather than stick to their positions and risk not coming to an agreement, while 68 percent say Democrats in Congress should compromise.

While most Democrats think their leaders should compromise, Republicans support a harder-edged approach, with 58 percent saying their congressional representatives should stick to their positions. Independents say that both sides should work together.

The HuffPost/YouGov poll consisted of 1,000 completed interviews conducted April 25-27 among U.S. adults using a sample selected from YouGov's opt-in online panel to match the demographics and other characteristics of the adult U.S. population.

The Huffington Post has teamed up with YouGov to conduct daily opinion polls. You can learn more about this project and take part in YouGov's nationally representative opinion polling. Data from all HuffPost/YouGov polls can be found here. More details on the poll's methodology are available here.

Most surveys report a margin of error that represents some, but not all, potential survey errors. YouGov's reports include a model-based margin of error, which rests on a specific set of statistical assumptions about the selected sample, rather than the standard methodology for random probability sampling. If these assumptions are wrong, the model-based margin of error may also be inaccurate. Click here for a more detailed explanation of the model-based margin of error.",1
3816,Obama vetoes GOP attempt to repeal Obamacare,"WASHINGTON — President Obama has vetoed the first bill sent to him by Congress this year, a symbolic attempt by Republicans to repeal the Affordable Care Act and defund abortion provider Planned Parenthood in an election year.

""Republicans in the Congress have attempted to repeal or undermine the Affordable Care Act over 50 times,"" Obama said in a veto message Friday. ""Rather than refighting old political battles by once again voting to repeal basic protections that provide security for the middle class, Members of Congress should be working together to grow the economy, strengthen middle-class families, and create new jobs.""

The bill — called the Restoring Americans' Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act of 2015 — used an obscure budget-writing procedure known as reconciliation to thwart a Senate filibuster. That maneuver allowed a bill repealing Obamacare to get the president's desk for the first time, forcing him to make good on repeated veto threats.

“It’s no surprise that someone named Obama vetoed a bill repealing Obamacare,"" House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., said, promising a veto override vote ""taking this process all the way to the end under the Constitution.""

Republicans are far short of the two-thirds votes necessary for an override, however. It passed the Senate 52 to 47 and the House 240 to 181.

But Ryan said the bill proved that Obamacare can be repealed, given a Republican in the White House.

“The idea that Obamacare is the law of the land for good is a myth,"" he said. ""We have now shown that there is a clear path to repealing Obamacare without 60 votes in the Senate. So, next year, if we’re sending this bill to a Republican president, it will get signed into law.""

White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said the bill accomplished nothing.

""It's not significant. It got them nothing, and with the stroke of a pen, the president dispensed with it,"" he said.

It was the eighth veto of Obama's presidency, and the White House has issued three more veto threats just this week.

In contrast to an elaborate signing ceremony Thursday by House Speaker Paul Ryan, Obama's veto came in a routine veto message.",1
3890,"Obama to Make Landmark Presidential Trip to Father's Homeland, Kenya","Barack Obama will make a long-awaited trip to Kenya later this year, visiting his father's homeland for the first time since becoming US president six years ago, the White House said Monday.

During the long-promised visit this July, Obama will attend a Global Entrepreneurship Summit in the east African nation, a statement said.

Obama has visited Africa four times since becoming president, but has not visited the country where he still has relatives.

For much of Obama's presidency, Kenya's leaders have been under a cloud of prosecution by the International Criminal Court.

Kenyatta was indicted over the country's 2007-08 post-election violence, the worst since it won independence from Britain in 1963.

Kenyatta has always protested his innocence.

The case was dropped in December, with prosecutors complaining that they had been undermined by a lack of cooperation by the Kenyan government, as well as the bribing or intimidation of witnesses.

""President Obama will meet him in Kenya,"" a White House official told AFP, confirming a meeting that is likely to court controversy.

The official, who asked not to be named, said the United States regularly raises ""concerns with the Kenyan government about restrictions on human rights and fundamental freedoms.""

""The president's trip will create another opportunity for dialogue with the government and civil society on these issues.""

Obama had visited Kenya before as a senator and before entering politics, visiting his father's home village and taking a very public HIV test.

The president's origins have spurred domestic controversy, with some hardline political foes claiming he was not born in the United States and so was ineligible to become president.

Obama allies say this is thinly veiled racism.

The president has often made light of the controversy.

""If I did not love America, I wouldn't have moved here from Kenya,"" he recently joked.

On this visit, Obama expected to take part in the Global Entrepreneurship Summit (GES), which is being held in sub-Saharan Africa for the first time.

""Hosting the GES is an opportunity for Kenya to showcase its economic progress,"" said the White House official.

""Kenya maintains enormous potential for economic growth, thanks to the creativity and entrepreneurial spirit of the Kenyan people.""",1
3716,Obama: 'Senseless murders' in church shooting,"Washington (CNN) President Barack Obama on Thursday called the nine deaths in the Charleston, South Carolina, church shooting ""senseless murders"" and suggested more gun control is needed in the wake of the tragedy.

""Any death of this sort is a tragedy. Any shooting involving multiple victims is a tragedy,"" said Obama, as Vice President Joe Biden stood alongside him. ""There is something particularly heartbreaking about death happening in a place in which we seek solace and we seek peace.""

Police in Charleston released this security-camera image that they say shows Roof entering the Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church.

Police in Charleston released this security-camera image that they say shows Roof entering the Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church.

Police close off a section of Calhoun Street near the scene of the shooting.

Police close off a section of Calhoun Street near the scene of the shooting.

People pray in a hotel parking lot across the street from the scene of the shooting on June 17. Every Wednesday evening, the church holds a Bible study in its basement.

People pray in a hotel parking lot across the street from the scene of the shooting on June 17. Every Wednesday evening, the church holds a Bible study in its basement.

Police gather at the scene of the shooting on June 17. The church was formed in 1816.

Police gather at the scene of the shooting on June 17. The church was formed in 1816.

A man kneels across the street from where police gathered outside the church on June 17.

A man kneels across the street from where police gathered outside the church on June 17.

People in Charleston pray following the shooting on June 17.

People in Charleston pray following the shooting on June 17.

Charleston police officers search for the shooting suspect outside the church on Wednesday, June 17.

Charleston police officers search for the shooting suspect outside the church on Wednesday, June 17.

Police in Charleston close off a section of Calhoun Street early on June 18, after the shooting. The steeple of the church is visible in the background.

Police in Charleston close off a section of Calhoun Street early on June 18, after the shooting. The steeple of the church is visible in the background.

Two law enforcement officials said Roof confessed. Roof said he wanted to start a race war, one of the officials said.

Two law enforcement officials said Roof confessed. Roof said he wanted to start a race war, one of the officials said.

A police officer directs a police vehicle in front of the church on June 18.

A police officer directs a police vehicle in front of the church on June 18.

Law enforcement officers in Charleston, South Carolina, stand guard near the scene of the shooting at Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church.

Law enforcement officers in Charleston, South Carolina, stand guard near the scene of the shooting at Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church.

Dylann Roof, the 21-year-old charged with murdering nine people in a church shooting on Wednesday, June 17, is escorted by police in Shelby, North Carolina, on Thursday, June 18.

Dylann Roof, the 21-year-old charged with murdering nine people in a church shooting on Wednesday, June 17, is escorted by police in Shelby, North Carolina, on Thursday, June 18.

In this image from the video uplink from the detention center to the courtroom, Dylann Roof appears at a bond hearing June 19, 2015, in South Carolina. Roof is charged with nine counts of murder and firearms charges in the shooting deaths at Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church in Charleston, South Carolina on June 17.

In this image from the video uplink from the detention center to the courtroom, Dylann Roof appears at a bond hearing June 19, 2015, in South Carolina. Roof is charged with nine counts of murder and firearms charges in the shooting deaths at Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church in Charleston, South Carolina on June 17.

Obama spoke of the personal connections he and first lady Michelle Obama had to the Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church, where they knew several members.

""We knew their pastor, Reverend Clementa Pinckney, who, along with eight others gathered in prayer and fellowship, was murdered last night,"" Obama said. ""And to say our thoughts and prayers are with them and their families and their community doesn't say enough to convey the heartache and the sadness and the anger that we feel.""

Obama declined to comment on specific details of the investigation, which currently centers on 21-year-old suspect Dylann Roof, a white man who was taken into custody late Thursday morning in Shelby, North Carolina, authorities have said.

But the President said the shooting should refocus attention on preventing potential killers from getting their hands on guns.

""We do know that once again, innocent people were killed in part because someone who wanted to inflict harm had no trouble getting their hands on a gun,"" Obama said at the White House. ""At some point, we as a country will have to reckon with the fact that this kind of mass violence does not happen in other advanced countries. It doesn't happen in other places with this kind of frequency. It is in our power to do something about it.""

""Communities like (Charleston) have had to endure tragedies like this too many times,"" he said.

Republican presidential candidate Rand Paul, however, was skeptical that a government solution was available.

""What kind of person goes in a church and shoots nine people? There's a sickness in our country. There's something terribly wrong, but it isn't going to be fixed by your government,"" the Kentucky senator said at the Faith and Freedom Coalition's Road to Majority conference in Washington.

Meanwhile, the National Rifle Association declined to comment following the President's remarks Thursday afternoon, saying it was sticking to the same policy it has followed after similar incidents.

""The NRA will not be making any public statements until the facts are known,"" spokesman Andrew Arulanandam told CNN.

Thursday isn't the first time Obama has used a shooting tragedy in the United States to make a renewed call for toughening gun ownership laws. Bolstering restrictions on gun sales became a top White House priority immediately following the mass shooting at Sandy Hook, which killed 20 children and left a total of 28 people dead.

Advocates for tougher gun laws rallied behind a bipartisan measure that would have mandated background checks on every gun sale. The bill was seen as the best chance for any type of new gun restriction to gain approval on Capitol Hill, where many lawmakers balked at imposing bans on assault weapons or high-capacity magazines.

But even the background check measure failed to gain enough support in the Senate in April 2013, and the issue of gun control has largely remained off the agenda in Washington since.

Without congressional support, Obama has signed dozens of unilateral executive actions meant to quell gun violence. But broad actions like creating a universal background check law or banning certain types of ammunition would still require lawmakers' approval.

A year ago, Obama said it was ""stunning"" that Congress wasn't able to get behind a single piece of gun control legislation after the Sandy Hook shooting. He called the failure to expand background checks to handgun sales his ""biggest frustration"" as president.

Obama on Thursday conceded that the current political arrangement in Washington -- where Republicans control both chambers of Congress -- means any movement on gun control laws remains unlikely during his presidency.

""The politics in this town foreclose a lot of those avenues right now,"" he said, adding that acknowledging the steady beat of shootings -- and their perpetrators' access to guns -- was a first step.

""At some point it's going to be important for the American people to come to grips with it, and for us to be able to shift how we think about the issue of gun violence collectively,"" he said.",1
2142,GOP hits back at fracking rules,"The party looks to Kamala Harris, Catherine Cortez Masto, Tammy Duckworth and Maggie Hassan to help lead it out of the abyss.",1
2976,NSA spying: Today in America our government keeps us neither free nor safe,"In their continuous efforts to create the impression that the government is doing something to keep Americans safe, politicians in Washington have misled and lied to the public. They have violated their oaths to uphold the Constitution. They have created a false sense of security. And they have dispatched and re-dispatched 60,000 federal agents to intercept the telephone calls, text messages and emails of all Americans all the time.

In the process, while publicly claiming they only acquire identifying metadata -- the time, date, location, duration, telephone numbers and email addresses of communications -- they have in fact surreptitiously gained access to the content of these communications.

On June 1, one of the three claimed legal authorities for all this, Section 215 of the Patriot Act, expired, as Congress was unable to agree on either its reinstitution or the enactment of a substitute. At the time that Section 215 was about to expire, President Obama, Attorney General Lynch and FBI Director Comey warned that the NSA’s computers would go dark and the American public would be at the mercy of our enemies. Their warnings were nonsense.

The NSA is a military entity that utilizes the services of military computer experts and agents, employs civilians, and hires companies that provide thousands of outside contractors. After nearly 14 years of spying on us -- all authorized by a secret court whose judges cannot keep records of what they have ordered or discuss openly what they know -- the NSA now has computers and computer personnel physically located in the main switching offices of all telecom and Internet service providers in the United States. It has 24/7 access to the content of everyone’s telephone calls, emails and text messages.

The data amassed thereby is so vast that the government cannot sift through it quickly or effectively enough to stop such notorious events as the Boston Marathon bombings, the Ft. Hood massacre and the attempted massacre last month outside of Dallas. The Justice Department acknowledged this last month when it revealed that all this spying has not succeeded in stopping any terrorist plots and has not aided any federal prosecutions of terrorism.

Then why do it? Because the feds want to calm American nerves by giving the impression that they are doing something -- even though we know that they know that what they are doing fails to keep us safe. They are giving us a false impression. But they owe us the truth, not falsehoods designed to make themselves look like they are doing what they claim. Their spying has failed to enhance our safety.

It also has failed to protect our freedoms. The Constitution requires probable cause as a precondition for all search warrants. That is a level of evidence about the place to be searched or the person or thing to be seized sufficient to induce a judge to conclude that a crime probably has been committed. Without this probable cause requirement, nothing would stop the government from searching and seizing whatever it wants. Yet that is where we are today. The NSA’s unconstitutional standard of “government need” reinstitutes the general warrants -- search where you wish and seize what you find -- which the Fourth Amendment was written to prohibit.

Both the Patriot Act and the Freedom Act, the substitute law enacted by Congress, do away with the probable cause requirement. Both of those laws permit the FISA court to issue general warrants based on the government’s needs, rather than probable cause. It is the government-need standard, which is no standard at all, that has resulted in spying on all persons all the time.

When Section 215 of the Patriot Act expired, the NSA’s legal (yet unconstitutional) authority to spy did not. The propaganda that its computers were shut down is false. Section 702 of the FISA law and President Bush’s October 2001 executive order were and are still valid, and both have been interpreted to unleash the NSA.

Section 702 permits warrantless surveillance of Americans who speak with foreigners, and the NSA has gotten FISA warrants to intercept the calls of the folks to whom those Americans speak, to the sixth degree. That alone encompasses all persons in the United States. Bush’s executive order was given to all military intelligence agencies -- of which the NSA is but one. It instructed the military to intercept the calls and emails of whatever Americans it needs to listen in upon to enhance safety. That executive order still stands. This is why the hand wringing and false claims that the NSA computers went dark is untruthful. The computers violate our privacy and assault our liberty and fail to enhance our safety, but they are not dark.

Last week, one of the pro-spying politicians was clever, even cute, when he issued the one-liner: “You can’t enjoy civil liberties from a coffin.” His statement was a craven articulation of failure. The government’s job is to keep us free and safe. If it keeps us safe but not free, it has failed to do its job. Today it does neither. I suggest to him Patrick Henry on this: “Give me liberty or give me death.”

Which one-liner better embodies American values, history and traditions?

Andrew P. Napolitano, a former judge of the Superior Court of New Jersey, is the senior judicial analyst at Fox News Channel.",1
2040,2016 cash race: It's on,A verdict in 2017 could have sweeping consequences for tech startups.,1
2549,Clinton pivots left on immigration,"During the campaign, Trump had threatened to impose a large tariff to keep the jobs in the United States.",1
4977,How Rich Candidates Try To Appeal To Working Voters,"How Rich Candidates Try To Appeal To Working Voters

Donald Trump has described himself as ""really rich"" — but by just about any standard, that label fits both the Republican presidential nominee and his Democratic rival, Hillary Clinton. In an election year characterized by populist energy over economic concerns like jobs and trade, the gap is striking.

Clinton's newly released tax returns show that she and her husband, former President Bill Clinton, made more than $10 million in 2015. Trump is under pressure to follow suit, but he has yet to release his returns. He says he's a multi-billionaire, but his refusal to release the documents has led to speculation that Trump may not be as rich as he claims.

What's clear is that both Trump and Clinton earn vastly more than the income of the typical American household, around $54,000 per year. So it's no surprise the candidates have been trying — and sometimes struggling — to connect with average voters.

Money has been a big theme in this election. Trump often touts his wealth as evidence of his competence and success, promising to create jobs for working people. He's argued that his wealth means he won't answer to big donors — even though he has begun fundraising more aggressively since locking up the GOP nomination.

""I don't need anybody's money. I'm using my own money. I'm not using the lobbyists. I'm not using the donors. I don't care,"" Trump said during his campaign announcement speech at Trump Tower in New York last year.

Clinton, meanwhile, points to her middle-class, Midwestern roots. In her speech to the Democratic National Convention last month. Clinton said in the Rodham family, ""no one had their name on big buildings. My family were builders of a different kind.""

Clinton talked about her grandfather working to build a better life by working in a lace mill in Scranton, Pa., and her father's experience running a small business. Of course, Clinton grew up in an upper-middle class suburb of Chicago, and her father did well as the owner of a drapery business.

Trump, too, has tried to demonstrate that he understands the lives of regular people. Speaking to the National Association of Home Builders in Miami Thursday, Trump reminisced about his father — also a builder — touring some of his construction sites.

""My father would go, and he'd pick up the sawdust, and he'd pick up the nails – the extra nails. And he'd pick up the scraps of wood; he'd use whatever he could use, and recycle it in some form, or sell it. And it was a constant process,"" Trump said. ""And he did a beautiful job.""

At a campaign rally in Erie, Pennsylvania, he said he actually prefers the workers on construction sites to his wealthy peers:

""They say, you know, you're really rich. How come you sort of relate to these people? Well, you know, my father built houses and I used to work in these houses,"" Trump said. ""I got to know the plumbers, the steamfitters, I got to know them all. And I liked them better than the rich people that I know. I know a lot of rich people. It's true. They are better. I like them better.""

While Trump touts his ability to accumulate vast wealth in the real-estate business, Clinton has come under fire for the amount of money she and her husband have made since leaving public office.

In June of 2014, ABC's Diane Sawyer asked about her lucrative paid speeches to audiences that have included Wall Street firms.

""We came out of the White House not only dead broke, but in debt. We had no money when we got there, and we struggled to, you know, piece together the resources for mortgages, for houses, for Chelsea's education,"" Clinton said. ""You know, it was not easy.""

That answer was widely panned by Clinton's critics and rated ""mostly false"" by Politifact.

Republican pollster Frank Luntz says he's no fan of either Clinton OR Trump, but he says Clinton's carefully rehearsed style feels inauthentic to many working-class voters.

""To working-class voters, they want you to let loose,"" Luntz told NPR. ""They want you to say what you mean and mean what you say.""

Despite Trump's massive wealth, his ""willingness to say just about anything to just about anyone at any time"" has strengthened his credibility, Luntz said, with working-class people who are ""tired of being talked down to.""

But Luntz added that Trump's slipping poll numbers over the past few weeks suggest his style may be turning off the upper middle-class voters the Republican Party has long relied upon.",1
2296,Hogan rejects Democratic request for ban on state-funded travel to Indiana,"Maryland Gov. Larry Hogan (R) on Wednesday rejected a request by an openly gay state lawmaker to ban state-funded travel to Indiana until that state repeals its newly enacted Religious Freedom Restoration Act.

Critics say the law — which has triggered a firestorm of reaction across the country — could allow businesses to discriminate against gay people and others in the name of religious freedom.

“My family could be denied service in Indiana because of my marriage to another man,” Sen. Richard S. Madaleno Jr. (D-Montgomery) wrote in a letter to Hogan on Tuesday. “Many of our colleagues could also be denied service because of an Indiana business owner’s objection to a Marylander’s marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, appearance, or a myriad of other excuses.”

D.C. Mayor Muriel E. Bowser (D) issued an executive order Tuesday banning city-funded travel to Indiana until the law is repealed. The Democratic governors of Connecticut, New York and Washington state have taken similar action.

Doug Mayer, a spokesman for the governor, said Hogan does not plan to institute a ban. “Governor Hogan is opposed to discrimination in all forms,” Mayer said. “History has repeatedly proven that the best way to effect positive change is through an engagement of ideas, not disengaging from those we disagree with. Political stunts like this are precisely what Maryland voters rejected in last year’s election.”

Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe (D) submitted a letter to the Indianapolis Star on Monday that urged Indiana businesses displeased with the law signed last week by Gov. Mike Pence (R) to relocate to “open and welcoming” Virginia.

The commonwealth passed a religious liberties law of its own in 2007. But its focus is on government intrusion into the free exercise of religion, rather than on religious clashes between individuals and businesses.

McAuliffe spokesman Brian Coy said the governor is not planning any ban on state-funded travel to Indiana. “No, he’s working on convincing Indiana businesses who are concerned about this recent development to travel to Virginia and bring jobs with them,” Coy said. “In fact, he’s hoping to travel there himself and recruit businesses.”

A Maryland lawmaker borrowed McAuliffe’s idea Wednesday, circulating “an open letter to Indiana businesses” that encouraged them to move to Maryland. “With their profoundly divisive action, your state policymakers made it harder for you to attract world-class talent,” wrote Del. Luke H. Clippinger (Baltimore), chairman of the House Democratic Caucus. “Governor Pence and his cronies put you at an extraordinary competitive disadvantage.”

Pence strongly defended the law at a news conference Tuesday, focusing on the legal grounds granted to individuals and businesses to defend themselves against claims of discrimination. But he said that the intent of the law was never to allow discrimination and that the state will “fix” that to make clear that businesses cannot deny services to anyone.

Madaleno wrote in his letter that Maryland has been a leader in providing legal recognition and protections for all state residents.

“When other states pass these prejudicial laws,” he wrote, “Maryland needs to stand up for our values.” The Democrat said Indiana’s law would allow businesses to discriminate against people on the basis of their marital status, sketching a scenario in which first lady Yumi Hogan could be refused service because her first marriage ended in divorce.

Mayer said that when Hogan reached that part of Madaleno’s letter, he stopped reading.

The letter drew a rebuke Wednesday from Senate President Thomas V. Mike Miller Jr. (D-Calvert), who cautioned lawmakers against mentioning relatives of fellow elected leaders in written correspondence.

“We had a letter going out the other day that mentioned someone’s spouse,” he said. “We’re not going to get into details, but we’re all big here, men and women. And we’re partners in this, but we don’t mention other people’s spouses in any type of correspondence — their spouses or children.”

Madaleno said he was “trying to make the point about how sweeping this type of law is and how it puts many families in Indiana and in Maryland at risk for a variety of reasons.”

He said he was “very sad” to hear that Hogan considers bans and strong stances against the Indiana law to be political stunts. Referring to the racing group that issued a statement Tuesday opposing the legislation, Madaleno added, “He’s not even standing with NASCAR.”

“We all have aspects about our lives that probably someone else would find offensive or objectionable from their own religious stance — but they shouldn’t be able to deny us service or discriminate against us because of it,” Madaleno said. “And that’s the point I was trying to make.”

Madaleno acknowledged that it’s “always difficult” when family members become part of political discussions, but he added: “My family has been part of the political debate in this state for quite a while.”

Laura Vozzella in Richmond contributed to this report.",1
3685,Slain reporter's boyfriend calls for violence discussion,"(CNN) One day after reporter Alison Parker, 24, and her cameraman, Adam Ward, 27, were gunned down on live television near Roanoke, Virginia, Parker's boyfriend said merely remembering their lives is not enough.

""There needs to be some action that is taken out of an event like this -- out of an event like Sandy Hook, like Charleston, like Aurora, Colorado... where these things just don't occur anymore,"" Chris Hurst told CNN on Thursday, citing a litany of American gun violence.

""We need to have a substantive conversation on what is going on in America that is allowing evil to continue to crop up over love? Is it because we are in the media? And the attacker knew this was going to get a lot of play, and here we are again, another mushroom cloud of coverage over gun violence?""

On Wednesday, Vester Lee Flanagan II produced a real-time murder show that he choreographed in detail.

In a ranting note sent to ABC News before his death, Flanagan blamed his misery on black men and white women and said he was ""somewhat racist against whites, blacks and Latinos.""

Flanagan shot dead Parker and Ward while she was live on air on WDBJ via Ward's camera, a video of the incident showed.

Hurst works at the station as an anchor and had been dating Parker for nine months. They were already talking about marriage. He was saving for an engagement ring, he said.

""I think the media can have an even stronger effect to be positive if we can use this as a conversation in figuring out why we are allowing hate to creep into people's hearts instead of fostering love,"" he said at memorial for the victims.

""We need to ask why this is happening, and we need to keep the conversation going. We don't want to keep it going because it's tiresome and then, we just wait for another one to happen, and we say, 'This is a huge issue,' and then forget about it until another one happens... If we don't forget, I think the incidents will lessen. I believe that.""

Parker's father, Andy Parker, told CNN's Anderson Cooper on Thursday night that he will honor his daughter's memory by lobbying for laws that will make it harder for the mentally ill to purchase firearms. It was not clear whether Flanagan had been diagnosed with a mental illness.

""After Sandy Hook, and the theater shootings, everybody thought, gosh this is terrible,"" he said. ""We have got to do something to keep people that are mentally disturbed, we got to keep them away from guns and having the ability to get guns.""

It's up to the media, he said, to prevent the story from fading.

""That's what the [National Rifle Association] is thinking right now,"" Parker said. ""The NRA is saying, it will go away. And, you know, they are the most powerful lobby in the country. And someone has got ... to take them on. By God, I am going to do it.""

Parker was reluctant at first to speak to reporters about his daughter's killing, but her career as a journalist changed his mind.

The first 24 hours after her death were filled with numbness, uncontrollable grief and anger, he said.

""She was kind and she was sweet and she touched everybody,"" he said.

He didn't go nicely back then, and Ward recorded his emotional outburst on camera. Court documents from a discrimination suit that he filed show that Flanagan scoffed at Ward and flipped off the camera. Before police walked him out of the building, Flanagan handed his manager a small wooden cross and said, ""You'll need this.""

Flanagan had not worked with Parker, the reporter he shot dead, but there were signs he resented her having been hired.

WDBJ's general manager said Flanagan had run-ins with many co-workers and was a poor performer.

Flanagan's performance and behavior problems led to his bosses referring him to the company's employee assistance program, Marks said.

The managers did not request he reach out to the program because of his mental state -- they didn't know about that -- but because of his difficulty working with others, Marks said.

The final warning for the reporter came in December 2012, and he was fired in February 2013.

Flanagan caused a stir and police were called to escort him out, Marks said. Flanagan gave the news director at the time a cross and said ""you'll need this,"" Marks said.

All of the claims that Flanagan made against the company and were investigated Marks said. Those investigations concluded that no reasonable person would have taken the alleged instances as discrimination or harassment, he said.

Vester Flanagan owned several websites associated with gay porn, records show.

Flanagan registered at least seven domain names in 2007 and 2008, and solicited ""attractive & muscular men"" to model for live web cams.

Records obtained by CNN show Flanagan's name and Vallejo, California, address were included in the domain registrations.

The shooter planned meticulously to act out a lot of resentment violently and get back into the limelight before turning his gun on himself.

Flanagan, aka Williams, recorded video of his killing, which he spread on social media as he fled authorities. He appeared to have prepped his Twitter account days before the killing with a review of images from stations of his life.

During his flight, posts to Twitter appeared in the name of Bryce Williams, showing video recorded from the perspective of his gun barrel as his shots struck his victims. Many social media users were horrified by the scenes playing out before them on autoplay.

Both Facebook and Twitter quickly shut down the accounts.

Flanagan had rented a car weeks before and used it in his getaway instead of his own car, a 2009 Ford Mustang.

Virginia State Police spotted the rental car on Interstate 66. A trooper tried to pull him over, police said, but he refused to stop and sped away before running off the road and crashing into an embankment.

Troopers found Flanagan inside with a self-inflicted gunshot wound, Virginia State Police Sgt. F.L. Tyler told reporters. He was taken to a hospital and pronounced dead Wednesday afternoon.

Flanagan was known for a series of anger and behavioral problems in his workplaces.

As news broke about whom police sought in the killing, Don Shafer heard a familiar name on the radio. ""Vester Flanagan. He worked for me,"" he said to himself.

""The hair on the back of my neck went up,"" said Shafer, who is now news director at XETV in San Diego.

When he hired Flanagan, Shafer was news director at WTWC in Tallahassee, Florida. The reporter who went by Bryce Williams made a nice impression on Shafer at first, but in 2000, he fired him over run-ins with colleagues.

""There were some issues with him and his personality that kind of spiraled down, and that's why we had to get rid of him,"" Shafer said.

Flanagan sued, alleging racial discrimination, but the suit was dismissed.

Later, he joined WDBJ but was later fired over performance issues. He sued again, once more alleging discrimination.

Court documents from that suit revealed the station had taken disciplinary action against Flanagan for months, met with him many times about angry behavior and told him to seek counseling.

Dan Dennison, former news director at WDBJ, said it was the toughest termination decision he'd ever handled. He had to call police to escort the reporter out.

""(Williams/Flanagan) had a level of a long series of complaints against co-workers nearly from the beginning of employment at the TV station,"" Dennison said. He said they were never substantiated.

The firings and lawsuits were part of a mishmash of resentments that Flanagan faxed to ABC News, while police searched for him.

In a ranting note in his farewell fax, Flanagan tried to justify his killings.

""OK, so the big question is 'Why?' "" he wrote. ""Well, after I compiled well over 100 pages chronicling the hurt in my life, I asked myself, 'Why NOT?' ""

And he talked about having a disturbed mind. ""I've been a human powder keg for a while ... just waiting to go BOOM!!!! at any moment,"" he wrote.

He spent some time making allegations of racism, including against reporter Parker, whom he said ""made racist comments"" but got hired anyhow. There was no elaboration, and WDBJ General Manager Marks said the claim was unfounded.

""We're outraged that any of the comments in that manifesto are taken the least bit seriously,"" he said, adding that he doesn't believe that Flanagan and Parker crossed paths at WDBJ.

But Flanagan also blamed much of his misery on black men and white women and said he was ""somewhat racist against whites, blacks and Latinos.""

Flanagan said he put a deposit down for a gun two days after the Charleston, South Carolina, church shooting in June and ranted against the accused shooter.

""As for Dylann Roof? You (deleted)! You want a race war (deleted)? BRING IT THEN YOU WHITE (deleted)!!!"" the fax said.

Police recovered two guns from Flanagan, Glock 9 mm pistols he purchased legally.",1
2420,GOP resistance to Obamacare is working brilliantly,"One of the core purposes of the Affordable Care Act is to expand health care to people who previously lacked it, and today Gallup-Healthways released new numbers showing once again that the law is accomplishing this goal.

But buried in the data is an indicator of a different kind of success: Republican resistance to the law at the level of states is also having a substantial impact by limiting the drop in percentages of uninsured people, keeping the uninsured rate higher than it might otherwise have been.

Here’s how: Gallup tells me that the numbers show that the drop in uninsured due in particular to the Medicaid expansion has slowed significantly since last year — because far fewer new states have expanded Medicaid in recent months compared to the block of states that did so initially at the start of 2014.

First, Gallup’s topline findings, which show a clear decline in the uninsured rate since the law took effect:

While Gallup concludes that the improving economy may be playing a role, it also notes that the uninsured has now dropped significantly lower than it was in early 2008, before the worst of the economic crisis, suggesting that the law is a key factor. And Gallup adds that the drop in the uninsured rate is particularly pronounced among lower income Americans (down 8.7 percentage points since the law went into effect), African Americans (down 7.3 points) and Latinos (down 8.3 points).

That’s great. But Dan Witters, the research director of the Gallup-Healthways Well-Being Index, tells me the numbers also clearly show a drop-off in the impact of the Medicaid expansion on the uninsured rate — a drop-off that coincides with the slowdown in GOP states opting into the expansion.

Witters says that Gallup data — which are extremely extensive, a key reason why this polling is the gold standard for measuring the law — showed that last year’s drop in the uninsured rate, which was 4.6 percentage points, was heavily fueled by the Medicaid expansion. The expansion was responsible for around 40 percent of the newly insured, he says.

But this year, the drop has thus far been only 1.5 points — in part because of the Medicaid expansion slowdown. The data show that the fall in the rate in uninsured this year due to the Medicaid expansion is only about three-tenths of a percentage point, he says.

“The states that are expanding Medicaid in recent months have only been trickling in — there are fewer new states expanding Medicaid in 2015 as opposed to 2014,” Witters says. “That has sucked the air out of the rate of decline this time, relative to the last. The rate of decline in the uninsured has dropped across all American adults, in part because fewer states are joining in the Medicaid expansion.”

After a number of states expanded Medicaid last year, in 2015 the push for the expansion has stalled in places like Florida, Tennessee, Alaska, Missouri, and Utah, due to conservative legislative opposition and an aggressive campaign against it by the Koch-founded Americans for Prosperity.

Witters says the data suggests that if the expansion had proceeded at a comparable clip this year, the uninsured rate would have shown an even “more accelerated decline this time, a decline pretty close to what we saw the first time around.” He adds: “We’d probably see around another point shaved off — and every percentage point is another 2.4 million American adults.”

Florida might end up opting in to the Medicaid expansion. GOP governor Rick Scott’s sudden reversal on the expansion has put the state’s budget negotiations — including planned tax cuts, a major GOP priority — in peril, and some GOP legislators are insisting on the expansion to move the budget process forward, which suggests its fiscal logic may ultimately carry the day. That logic may yet prevail in other states where the expansion is being debated.

But it’s very possible the Medicaid expansions could remain on hold. And beyond that, of course, looms the Supreme Court’s pending decision in the King v. Burwell lawsuit, which could gut subsidies for millions in the three dozen states where governors have declined to set up exchanges, possibly driving the uninsured rate back up again. Which is to say that even if the law currently is accomplishing one of its core goals, GOP resistance to it is accomplishing one of its core goals, too — and the resistance’s achievements could only grow more impressive in the months ahead.",1
530,"Budget 2016: Obama moves left, testing Republicans (+video)","President Obama's 2016 budget seeks higher spending on education, roads, and bridges, and a boost to middle class incomes. Republicans want to spend more on defense. The search for common ground is on.

It’s Budget Day in Washington, and President Obama is taking a sharp turn from the past.

Gone is an emphasis on deficit reduction. Talk of putting Social Security and other safety net programs on a more sustainable path has also been put to the side. Now, with deficits down, Mr. Obama is focused on boosting the middle class and reducing income inequality. That means higher taxes on wealthy Americans and corporations and more government spending.

“What I’d like to see is not only that the economy continues to grow, but I also want to make sure that everybody’s benefiting,” Obama told NBC News Sunday, looking ahead to his final two years in office.

The result is a nearly $4 trillion federal budget plan for fiscal 2016 that ditches what Obama calls “mindless austerity” and raises spending for domestic priorities – foremost on education, infrastructure, and tax relief for middle-income Americans – as well as on national security. By proposing higher defense spending, Obama hopes to lure Republicans into a deal.

Many Republicans agree that the “sequester” – the automatic, across-the-board spending cuts put in place two years ago – is a bad way to budget. But they’re not ready to go along with what Obama has in mind. And so while deficits are down, that doesn’t necessarily mean Washington is on the verge of a spending spree.

Political reality points to a tough slog ahead. Republicans now control both houses of Congress, and if they can agree amongst themselves on what to present Obama – and that’s a big “if” – he could face tough choices of his own later this year to keep the government running.

What’s more, deficit hawks have hardly given up. They point to retiring Baby Boomers and the prospect of skyrocketing interest payments on the debt with alarm. Though annual deficits have shrunk markedly from the early Obama years, they will begin to rise again in 2018, reaching $1.1 trillion in 2025, the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office said last week. If Obama’s 10-year budget plan were to become reality, nearly $6 trillion would be added to the federal debt, which now stands at $18 trillion.

But for now, Obama is all about planting a flag for the middle class, which involves “investment” – i.e. spending. Presidential budget proposals are a statement of priorities, and the opening bid in a negotiation, not a blueprint for what will happen.

This year, as the race to succeed Obama gets under way, the budget is especially political. It’s also a reaction to the blowout of last November’s midterms, when Republicans won control of the Senate and built a larger majority in the House. Just as Obama appeared ebullient, even liberated, in his recent State of the Union address, so too is his budget almost a declaration of independence.

“The president is not running for reelection, so he’s a little freer to propose what he wants,” says Stan Collender, a budget expert and executive vice president at Qorvis MSL Group. “Since he’s proposing it to a Republican Congress and it’s dead before type-setting, he’s also free, because he doesn’t need to come up with something Democrats will accept.”

The budget is also a campaign document. Not only does it set the table for Hillary Rodham Clinton, strongly favored to win the 2016 Democratic presidential nomination, it also affects the party’s bid to retake the Senate and win back House seats. Whether former Secretary of State Clinton, known as more of a centrist, wants to move so far to the left is another matter. But for now, Obama may have at least mollified the restive liberal base of the Democratic Party.

And there is plenty in Obama’s budget for liberals to cheer about, including free community college (costing $60 billion over 10 years) and a six-year, $478 billion program to repair the nation’s roads, bridges, airports, and other infrastructure. To pay for his college plan, Obama would change how inherited wealth is taxed. Money for the infrastructure plan would come from a one-time 14 percent tax on corporate wealth repatriated from overseas.

Obama also proposes a 19 percent minimum tax rate on corporate profits earned overseas, as part of a larger overhaul of taxes that would take the corporate rate down from 35 percent to 28 percent, and 25 percent for manufacturers.

An overhaul of the entire tax code has long been on Washington’s agenda, but amid partisan gridlock, the process hasn’t gotten off the ground. Rep. Paul Ryan (R) of Wisconsin, the new chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee, which handles taxation, signaled on Sunday that he’s open to working on tax reform with Obama, but warned it will be difficult.

""We want to work with this administration to see if we can find common ground ... and we want to exhaust that possibility and if and when that possibility is exhausted, then we will put out what we think ought to be done,"" Congressman Ryan said Sunday on NBC’s “Meet the Press.”

""We haven't done tax reform since 1986, because it is just that hard,” he added.

Other elements of Obama’s budget were telegraphed in advance. In calling for an end to the sequester, Obama proposed a 7 percent hike in discretionary spending for both domestic and defense spending by roughly equal amounts. Domestic non-entitlement spending would go up $37 billion over the sequester caps to $530 billion; defense spending would rise by $38 billion to $561 billion.

The rest of the budget is consumed by nondiscretionary spending: entitlements such as Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid, plus interest on the debt.

Obama used to speak regularly about the perils of deficits, and the ever-rising federal debt, which is the cumulative total of annual deficits. In 2010, he appointed a panel, the Simpson-Bowles commission, to come up with proposals for tackling the nation’s unsustainable fiscal path. The Budget Control Act of 2011 did bring spending down, via sequestration, but now both parties are ready to move away from that technique.

Some economists argue that deficits and debt are sustainable, as long as they remain at a reasonable percentage of the size of the US economy. But deficit hawks are as alarmed as ever.

“Entitlement reform – the most critical piece of fixing our fiscal situation – is the disappearing story of the upcoming budget cycle,” says Maya MacGuineas, president of the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget. “The debt levels are still quite scary, and yet we’re about to see a budget that no longer even aspires to get control of the debt.”",1
3203,Republicans Stand Against Cuba Change Despite Public Opinion Shift,"The Cuban flag is flying over the Cuban Embassy in the United States for the first time in 54 years after the two countries restored diplomatic relations in December, but not everyone is celebrating the renewed flow of mojitos from the embassy's Hemingway Bar.

Presidential hopefuls Marco Rubio and Jeb Bush, who both call the heavily Cuban-American Miami area home, denounced last Monday's new step in U.S.-Cuba relations.

""History will remember July 20, 2015, as Obama's Capitulation Monday, the day two sworn enemies of the United States were able to out-maneuver President Obama to secure historic concessions,"" Rubio, who is of Cuban heritage, stated, also referencing the U.N. Security Council's endorsement of the Iran deal, which happened last week.

""Monday's events at the U.N., Washington and Havana leave no doubt that we have entered the most dangerous phase of the Obama presidency in which the president is flat out‎ abandoning America's vital national security interests to cozy up to the world's most reprehensible regimes,"" Rubio said.

""Better judgment is called for in relations far and near. Ninety miles to the south, there's talk of a state visit by our outgoing president,"" Bush said when he announced his candidacy. ""But we don't need a glorified tourist to go to Havana in support of a failed Cuba. We need an American president to go to Havana in solidarity with a free Cuban people, and I'm ready to be that president.""

Bush currently leads Rubio among Cuban-American Republicans by double digits. In a poll published July 18 of registered voters in Miami-Dade County, Bush led Rubio in Cuban-American GOP votes by 12 percentage points, 43 to 31 percent. Ted Cruz, whose father emigrated from Cuba, received 7 percent of support in the polls.

Florida, a swing state, is an important part of any presidential candidate's electoral vote calculus, and Cuban-Americans have long been a powerful group within Florida, especially in Miami-Dade County. The Miami area is home to the largest population of Cuban heritage outside Cuba.

Bush's relative success among Cuban-Americans in the polls with his slightly softer stance reflects a larger trend: Cuban-Americans are not as opposed to normalization as they were in the past.

Once a community known for standing in solidarity in support of the trade embargo, steering U.S. policy toward Cuba, the Cuban-Americans of Miami-Dade are showing rifts in their political views.

In a poll conducted in March, 51 percent of Cuban-Americans approved of Obama's plan to normalize relations with Cuba; 40 percent disapproved. Another poll, conducted in the spring of 2014 by Florida International University pollsters, found that 52 percent of Cuban-Americans in Miami-Dade favored ending the U.S. embargo of Cuba.

That's quite different from the past.

In the 1993 version of the same Florida International University poll, 87 percent of Cuban-American respondents in Miami-Dade favored increasing international economic pressure on Cuba, and 80 percent favored having no diplomatic relations with Cuba.

The changing Cuban-American demographic may serve as a window into the group's changing opinions. The number of Cuban-Americans born in Cuba dropped from 68 percent in 2000 to 57 percent in 2013, according to the Pew Research Center.

The decrease in share of the Cuban-born Cuban-American population matters because of the two groups' differing political views: In 2014, 45 percent of those born in Cuba supported normalization, compared with 66 percent of those born in the U.S.

The emerging differences in views among the Cuban-American community may also play a role in Democrats' increasing ability to court its members. While 70 percent of Cuban-Americans polled in Miami-Dade County were registered as Republicans in 1991, that number had fallen to 53 percent by May 2014. Another 25 percent in 2014 were registered as Democrats.

In the months since the Obama administration announced its policy change toward Cuba in December, nearly every GOP presidential candidate has come out with a statement denouncing normalization. Scott Walker, Ted Cruz, Lindsey Graham, Bobby Jindal and Mike Huckabee have joined Bush and Rubio in denouncing the restoration of full diplomatic ties.

Rand Paul has been the only outlier, a position that caused a scuffle with Rubio earlier this year.

""After 50 years of conflict, why not try a new approach?"" Paul wrote in a Dec. 19 Facebook statement. ""The United States trades and engages with other communist nations, such as China and Vietnam. Why not Cuba?""

Paul continued his statement to make a dig at Rubio's strong stance against the president's policy.

""Seems to me, Senator Rubio is acting like an isolationist who wants to retreat to our borders and perhaps build a moat. I reject this isolationism,"" Paul wrote. ""Finally, let's be clear that Senator Rubio does not speak for the majority of Cuban-Americans. A recent poll demonstrates that a large majority of Cuban-Americans actually support normalizing relations between our countries.""

Rubio replied, ""He has no idea what he's talking about,"" on Fox News' The Kelly File.

Democratic presidential hopefuls have openly praised the president's steps toward normalizing U.S.-Cuba relations.

""As I have said, the best way to bring change to Cuba is to expose its people to the values, information, and material comforts of the outside world,"" Clinton said when Obama announced his plan on Dec. 17. ""The goal of increased U.S. engagement in the days and years ahead should be to encourage real and lasting reforms for the Cuban people. And the other nations of the Americas should join us in this effort.""

""I applaud the president for beginning discussions to establish full diplomatic relations with Cuba, just like most of the rest of the world. This is a major step forward in ending the 55-year Cold War with Cuba,"" Sanders said in a statement.

With Cuban-Americans' shifting opinions on normalizing relations, the Democrats' stance might just gain them a few more votes. And the popular Republican opinion may not stand for many more election cycles.",1
3891,"The best lines from President Obama's speech, according to the White House","Typically the White House releases a few excerpts in advance of the State of the Union, and 2015 is no exception to that rule. Here's what they've told us to expect:

""We are fifteen years into this new century.  Fifteen years that dawned with terror touching our shores; that unfolded with a new generation fighting two long and costly wars; that saw a vicious recession spread across our nation and the world.  It has been, and still is, a hard time for many.

But tonight, we turn the page.""

""At this moment - with a growing economy, shrinking deficits, bustling industry, and booming energy production - we have risen from recession freer to write our own future than any other nation on Earth.  It's now up to us to choose who we want to be over the next fifteen years, and for decades to come.

Will we accept an economy where only a few of us do spectacularly well?  Or will we commit ourselves to an economy that generates rising incomes and chances for everyone who makes the effort?""

""So the verdict is clear.  Middle-class economics works.  Expanding opportunity works.  And these policies will continue to work, as long as politics don't get in the way.""

""In fact, at every moment of economic change throughout our history, this country has taken bold action to adapt to new circumstances, and to make sure everyone gets a fair shot. We set up worker protections, Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid to protect ourselves from the harshest adversity.  We gave our citizens schools and colleges, infrastructure and the internet - tools they needed to go as far as their effort will take them.

That's what middle-class economics is - the idea that this country does best when everyone gets their fair shot, everyone does their fair share, and everyone plays by the same set of rules.""

""I believe in a smarter kind of American leadership.  We lead best when we combine military power with strong diplomacy; when we leverage our power with coalition building; when we don't let our fears blind us to the opportunities that this new century presents.  That's exactly what we're doing right now - and around the globe, it is making a difference.""

""In Iraq and Syria, American leadership - including our military power - is stopping ISIL's advance.  Instead of getting dragged into another ground war in the Middle East, we are leading a broad coalition, including Arab nations, to degrade and ultimately destroy this terrorist group.  We're also supporting a moderate opposition in Syria that can help us in this effort, and assisting people everywhere who stand up to the bankrupt ideology of violent extremism.  This effort will take time.  It will require focus.  But we will succeed.  And tonight, I call on this Congress to show the world that we are united in this mission by passing a resolution to authorize the use of force against ISIL.""

""No foreign nation, no hacker, should be able to shut down our networks, steal our trade secrets, or invade the privacy of American families, especially our kids.  We are making sure our government integrates intelligence to combat cyber threats, just as we have done to combat terrorism.  And tonight, I urge this Congress to finally pass the legislation we need to better meet the evolving threat of cyber-attacks, combat identity theft, and protect our children's information.  If we don't act, we'll leave our nation and our economy vulnerable.  If we do, we can continue to protect the technologies that have unleashed untold opportunities for people around the globe.""",1
4965,The GOP Is Writing Off 30 Percent of the American Electorate,"According to some polls, Donald Trump has been pulling as little as 0 percent of the black vote in key battleground states such as Ohio and Pennsylvania. Zero percent! That's mind-boggling and sure, it might pick up after his recent speeches identifying with the plight of African Americans living in urban areas that have been under Democratic control for decades.

But if we're being honest, it's not going to change very much. That's not all Trump's fault, either. It represents a decades-long trend that has seen Republicans essentially abandon all hopes of cracking the lowest possible double digits among black voters. In 2012, Mitt Romney got just 6 percent of black votes. (One Republican who has done better is Ohio Gov. John Kasich, who earned 26 percent of the black vote in his 2014 re-election race).

It wasn't always this way, of course, and looking at how Republicans went from being the default party of black voters after the Civil War to being a pariah among them is a way of understanding one highly probable future for the GOP as a minor party that represents a smaller and smaller bloc of voters who identify as ""white"" and ""American"" in strictly nativist terms.

The GOP's declining appeal to black voters—again, approaching zero in the Year of the Donald!—is paralleled by the party's declining appeal to Hispanic voters, too. According to the Census, blacks currently make up about 13 percent of the population while Hispanics account for about 18 percent. In an August 11 Fox News Latino poll, only 20 percent of Latinos support him, lower even than Mitt Romney's dismal 27 percent showing among Latinos in 2012, which was itself lower than John McCain's 31 percent in 2008. Between blacks and Latinos, then, the Republican Party is effectively writing off almost 31 percent of the vote before the first ballot is cast in November. And given broad demographic trends, things can only get worse for the GOP.

What's going on here and what it does it say about Republicans and electoral politics in the 21st century? And what does it say about the possibility for a third party such as the Libertarians to drive up their own national numbers? The short answers: Absent a different agenda and outreach to groups they alternately demonize and ignore, the GOP will harden into an awful party of racial and ethnic resentment. For the LP, which embraces tolerance, diversity, and economic mixing and progress, the sky's the limit, especially if the Democrats continue to take minorities for granted.

As recently as 1960, the Republican Richard Nixon managed to get about 30 percent of the black vote. From the Civil War on, blacks had favored the ""party of Lincoln"" for self-evident reasons. Southern Democrats were segregationists and they worked hard not just at disenfranchising blacks at election time but in every way possible. Blacks weren't even allowed to attend Democratic national conventions until 1924. While he was no great friend to African Americans, Franklin Roosevelt began to win a majority of their votes in the 1930s, mostly for the same reasons he won a majority of nearly every group's votes during his four presidential campaigns. Blacks were more likely to be poor than average and they warmed to various FDR programs aimed at ameliorating poverty. Harry Truman, writes Brooks Jackson, won 77 percent of the black vote in 1948, the first year that a majority of blacks identified as Democrats (among other things, Truman integrated the armed forces and took civil rights more seriously than most of his predecessors).

While Eisenhower in '56 and Nixon in '60 did relatively well with black voters, Barry Goldwater's refusal to vote for the Civil Rights Act of 1964—and his willingness to run a campaign that tolerated (if it didn't actively court) segregationists—effectively ended the Republican Party's relationship with blacks. As former segregationists such as Strom Thurmond crossed the aisle to join the Republicans, the transition was complete and for the past 40-plus years, Republican presidential candidates have struggled to crack double digits with black voters. Running as the ""law and order"" candidate in 1968 and targeting urban violence (by war demonstrators and race rioters alike), Nixon no longer had much appeal for black voters. The last GOP candidate to crack double digits was George W. Bush in 2004, when he pulled 11 percent.

Something similar is happening with Latino voters, although the trend line is less uni-directional. In 2004, George W. Bush won 40 percent of the Latino vote (some reports put it a few points higher), but since then it has declined precipitously, down to Trump's pre-election share of 20 percent. The typical conservative Republican response to this is to invoke a master plan by Democrats and/or moral and ideological failings of Latinos. A few years back, I debated Ann Coulter at an event hosted by the great Independence Institute of Colorado. Among the topics was immigration. Coulter, who has taken credit for Donald Trump's pro-deportation stance in this election, claimed that Ted Kennedy was behind the push to bring in millions of Mexicans and other unmeltable ethnics from Africa, Asia, and especially Latin America, all of whom would inevitably vote for Democrats. ""I don't think any time in the history of the world has a country changed its ethnic composition overnight like that,"" said Coulter, following a line of thought that is popular among many conservatives, right-wingers, and Republicans. ""It was done by design. It was done to help the Democrats, and it did help the Democrats.""

In fact, the immigration reform enacted in the mid-1960s, much in the spirit of Civil Rights legislation. Its chief authors were New York Rep. Emanuel Celler and Michigan Sen. Philip Hart, and its explicit goal was partly to route around the patently racist quotas from the 1920s that had been based on ""national origins."" Disturbed by the rise in immigrants from central and southern Europe, unapologetically racist lawmakers in the '20s laws moved to limit the number of Jews, Italians, Poles, Slavs, Irish, and other undesirable Europeans. New limits were pegged to percentages of the 1890 Census, when there were fewer foreigners from ""bad"" countries in the United States. The '60s reforms, on the other hand, were specifically designed to let Americans of European descent bring over parents and grandparents who had been stranded in the old country first by the Depression and then by World War II. Even as it put family reunification front and center in deciding who could come here, it also allowed for high-skilled folks to emigrate. It was passed against a backdrop of lower and lower levels of foreign-born people in the United States. By 1970, just 4.7 percent of the country was foreign-born, down from a peak of almost 15 percent in 1910.

By the mid-'60s, though, relatively few Europeans were interested in coming to America. Some of them were trapped behind the Iron Curtain and had no easy way West. Throughout free European nations, things were relatively good for most people after a truly grim period that started with World War I. The immigrants that have come to America post-1965 are mostly from Mexico, Latin America, and Asia. In the late 1980s, Ronald Reagan pushed hard to create a pathway to legalization and citizenship for undocumented immigrants who were overwhelmingly of Latino heritage. So you might want blame (or thank) Reagan far more than Ted Kennedy for changing our ""ethnic composition overnight.""

But you can and should blame Republicans for failing to appeal to ethnically diverse Americans in the 21st century. Demograhics are not destiny in politics but ever since the mid-'60s, the GOP has done a masterful, if not always conscious, job of making sure that blacks and Latinos feel unwelcome.

In a great piece at Politico, Josh Zeitz writes that ""unlike earlier waves, 90 percent of new Americans since 1965 hail from outside Europe—from countries like Mexico, Brazil, the Philippines, Korea, Cuba, Taiwan, India and the Dominican Republic."" Where conservatives tend to see an undifferentiated blob of threats to American identity, Zeitz underscores that post-1965 immigrants ""include evangelical Christians, traditional Catholics, anti-statist refugees and the kind of upwardly mobile, economic strivers whom the GOP courted assiduously in past decades.""

Had the GOP worked to engage newer, non-European immigrants, the party wouldn't be in the position it's found itself in, where only rare presidential candidates such as Reagan and Bush II can appeal to one-third or more of a rapidly growing part of the citizenry. About the only time contemporary Republicans view immigrants as individuals is when they are signaling out the precise threat each different sub-group represents to the nation:

""By 2050, non-Hispanic white Americans will comprise less than half of the U.S. population,"" writes Zeitz. ""Had the GOP focused more on ideology and less on skin color, the party could have thrived from the immigrant influx.""

But it didn't do that, any more than it has reached out to African Americans on a regular basis. There have been well-intentioned and sincere efforts by some Republicans (Jack Kemp comes to mind, and more recently Rand Paul), but the instinct among most conservatives and Republicans is to ignore issues in the African-American community or to reflexively side with the police, drug warriors, and others who are viewed negatively by blacks. When it comes to Latinos and non-European immigrants, the same distancing act dominates, along with calls to establish English as an official language and appeals to protect bankrupt entitlement programs from pilfering by illegal immigrants who are simultaneously supernaturally lazy and so hard-working they take all of our jobs.

There is very little reason to believe that the Republican Party will pursue any meaningful interaction with racial and ethnic minorites or economic refugees, even when, as Zeitz underscores, they might have strong ties built on common religious and entrepreneurial interests. The attitudes of so many of the GOP's presidential nominees and boosters in the press have been resolutely hostile to seeing Mexican and Latino immigration as anything other than a scourge upon the land. A few years back, Tea Party favorite Marco Rubio worked on comprehensive immigration refrom legislation until he was shouted down by his own party. By the time he announced for president, he was only interested in talking about cutting off the flow of newcomers. Toward the end of primary season, the Cuban-American Ted Cruz took to attacking Donald Trump as soft on immigration because the billionaire had a ""door"" in his much-discussed wall on the U.S.-Mexico border. National Review, arguably the flagship publication of the conservative right, has been calling for reductions in immigration from Latin America for decades now and attacked Trump for being insufficiently tough on the issue.

The Republicans' unwillingness to interact with a more ethnically and religiously diverse America can be the Libertarian Party's gain. Former New Mexico Gov. Gary Johnson and former Massachusetts Gov. William Weld are the only candidates that are effusively pro-immigration, pro-trade, and socially tolerant. Coming from a border state with a large Latino population, Johnson in particular is in a position to talk about the benefits of immigration and the issues faced by newcomers and their families as well as by longtime residents. His focus on the sharing economy, school choice, and rolling back federal regulations that hamper entrepreneurship also should play well with both blacks and Latinos.

But none of this is easily achieved. Gaining support among any constituency is the result of hard work and years of toiling side by side and shoulder to shoulder. The Republican Party—including Donald Trump in his recent outreach to African Americans—isn't wrong to say that racial and ethnic minorities aren't benefitting from Democratic Party policies at the local, state, and federal levels. Social Security retirement benefits ultimately screw over blacks, who have shorter lifespans; protecting union teachers from competition by charters and other forms of school choice hurts low-income minorities most of all; far from welcoming illegals from Latin America, the Obama administration has deported record numbers and split up tens of thousands of families; and on and on.

But simply rattling off such talking points isn't going to win new votes. That only comes from concerted actions that start at the neighborhood level and work out and up through levels of power and government policy. The political opportunity is there, but it remains to be seen who, if anyone, will take it.",1
2431,The Supreme Court is hearing a case that could derail Obamacare: Everything you need to know,"The fate of the Affordable Care Act, the president's signature domestic policy achievement, is once again in the hands of the Supreme Court on Wednesday. The justices heard oral arguments in King v. Burwell, a challenge to the financial assistance that millions of Americans are receiving to purchase health insurance. The case is considered the greatest threat to Obamacare's future since the court considered a challenge to the law's individual mandate three years ago.

What's the lawsuit all about?

The ACA created marketplaces, or exchanges, where people can shop for individual and family health insurance if they don't have another source of coverage. The law directs the federal government to set up exchanges in states that didn't build their own, which was the case for about two-thirds of the country. The law also provides subsidies through the exchanges to people who meet income requirements.

The King challengers say the law only authorizes subsidies through exchanges established by the state. They argue that the law was intentionally designed this way to pressure states to set up their own insurance marketplaces. They contend the IRS illegally issued a rule in 2012 providing subsidies through the federal exchanges when it became clear that most states wouldn't set up their own exchanges by 2014, when the marketplaces opened.

The Obama administration, however, argues the challenge is politically motivated and wrongly focuses on just a few words in the ACA. The administration says a reading of the entire law makes clear that subsidies are available in all exchanges, regardless of who's running them. The law was intended to extend health insurance to as many Americans as possible, the administration argues, so the law's drafters would have no reason to withhold subsidies to so many people.

The plaintiffs are four Virginians who do not want to buy health insurance, as mandated by the ACA. They argue the IRS illegally interpreted the ACA to authorize subsidies through federal-run exchange, and that without those subsidies, they would be exempt from the requirement to purchase insurance because they don't earn enough. The challenge is funded by the Competitive Enterprise Institute, a libertarian think tank opposed to the ACA. Federal courts have also heard three other cases challenging the subsidies, but the Supreme Court is only considering King.

Why do people think this case is so important to the future of ACA?

The subsidies are a critical part of the law, working with two other major ACA pieces — the guaranteed availability of health insurance and the individual mandate. The law prevents health insurers from denying coverage or charging people more because of their medical condition. To help offset the costs of sicker customers, the law requires most people to have insurance or pay an annual penalty for not having coverage. To make that coverage affordable, the law provides subsidies to low- and middle-income families. The subsidies are paid directly to insurers, who then apply the discount to their customers' monthly premiums. On average, the subsidies knock down the price of monthly premiums by nearly 75 percent.

A ruling overturning the subsidies would cause more than 8 million people across the country to lose health insurance as a result of a ruling against the government, according to recent estimates. And it could wreak havoc on the insurance market. Without the aid, it's expected that the lower-income and healthier enrollees would quickly drop coverage, leaving just the sickest patients who need coverage the most. Insurers would look to raise their rates to cover the costs, pricing even more people out of coverage and causing problems for the individual insurance market outside of just the exchanges.

One note, however: Most people who would lose their subsidies in such a ruling would be spared from the penalty for not having health insurance since they don't earn enough.

Would there be a fix?

The immediate question is whether subsidies could be restored to those who'd suddenly lose them if the Supreme Court rules against the government. The easiest fix would be for Congress to pass a law that says federal exchanges can provide subsidies — but Republicans opposing the ACA would never go for that. A handful of Republican lawmakers, in two separate proposals this week, raised the idea that they would offer temporary financial relief to those losing subsidies. However, they haven't provided detailed plans, and it's unclear how much support they have within the party for their proposals. The Obama administration, for its part, insists it won't be able to fix anything — perhaps an effort to avoid signaling to the justices that a ruling against subsidies would be easy to rectify.

The federal exchange states, many of which are deeply opposed to the law, are in a precarious position, too. Republican governors and state lawmakers could find themselves taking the blame if millions of their citizens are suddenly cut off from coverage. States could still establish their own exchanges, ensuring that their citizens receive subsidies, but that could be a lengthy, expensive and politically difficult process. So that means states may look to possible work-arounds to establish an exchange in minimal time and cost. The state-level response will depend, though, on the details of the court's decision and whatever direction comes from Congress or the Obama administration.

Which states would be affected?

The challenge is only to the subsidies in states that didn't set up their own marketplaces, so residents of 16 states and the District of Columbia wouldn't see their financial assistance taken away if the government loses. In the following map from the Kaiser Family Foundation, residents of states with ""Federally-facilitated Marketplaces"" and ""State-Partnership Marketplaces,"" as labeled below, could lose the subsidies.

This case marks the third time the ACA has been before the Supreme Court since it was enacted five years ago. In 2012, the court narrowly upheld the individual mandate, the requirement for most Americans to have health insurance, while also ruling that the federal government couldn't force states to expand their Medicaid programs. And last year, the court ruled that the government couldn't require closely held businesses to offer their employees contraceptive coverage against their religious objections.

How will the court rule this time?



That's always hard to predict. Four justices from the court's conservative wing were ready to throw out the entire law three years ago, but Chief Justice John Roberts found a backdoor way to uphold the individual mandate. It only takes four Supreme Court judges to accept a case (though, we don't know which ones opted to pick up King v. Burwell), and some observers were surprised that the court accepted this challenge as quickly as it did. Either way, it's thought that Roberts or Justice Anthony Kennedy could provide the swing votes this time.

Oral arguments began Wednesday at 10 a.m and have now ended. Within days of the argument, the justices will likely meet privately to discuss and vote on the case. However, the court isn't expected to release its decision until late June, before the justices break for the summer. And, no, don't expect a decision to leak before the justices announce it from the bench.",1
441,"White House still not telling America the truth about jobs, economy","Friday, forecasters expect the Labor Department will report that the economy created 190,000 jobs in October—that’s well below the 260,000 averaged in 2014.

We can also expect the White House to again proclaim that the economy is doing well—touting 61 consecutive months of jobs creation—and liberal commentators like New York Times columnist and CNBC analyst John Harwood will no doubt offer this as more proof that the economy does better with a Democrat in the White House.

So much depends on the circumstances in which each president governs. For example, does his party control one or both houses of Congress and more importantly, what was the state of the economy bequeathed by his predecessor?

The best apples to apples comparison are the rather difficult conditions of Presidents Reagan and Obama inherited and how the fortunes of America’s families then progressed—with the former relying on conservative prescriptions and the latter on activist government to stimulate growth.

Obama confronted a terrible financial crisis and endured a punishing recession. Unemployment peaked at 10 percent in his first term, but since the economy has reclaimed and added 12.6 million jobs and employment is up 9.8 percent.

The Gipper faced tough times too—double-digit unemployment and interest rates and a bruising recession. Unemployment peaked at 10.8 percent but subsequently the economy added more than 17.2 million jobs and employment rose 19.4 percent.

The reason Reagan was able to create so many more jobs—in a much smaller economy—is quite simple. It wasn’t just lower taxes and less spending but rather, a reliance on private decisions to guide recovery. He cleared a path for businesses, large and small, to invest as they deemed fit and raise wages as they decided they could afford, and encouraged the unemployed to get out and look for work.

Whereas from subsidies for solar energy projects and mandatory health insurance to incessant preaching that ordinary folks are victims of racism, sexism and the evil machinations of the well-off, Obama has sought to micromanage business through an explosion of regulations and to pacify a middle class under siege and Americans underemployed or not working at all with giveaways from free contraception to forgiving college debt.

Through the first 25 quarters of Obama’s recovery, GDP growth has averaged 2.1 percent, whereas during the comparable period for Reagan, GDP advanced at a 4.6 percent annual pace.

And whereas Reagan’s social safety net assisted the unemployed, Obama’s pays the unemployed to be idle.

The 7 million men between the ages of 25 and 54 who are neither employed nor are looking for work are rewarded with food stamps, the earned income tax credit if their spouse is a low-income worker and federal healthcare subsidies—and even virtually free health care through Medicaid in many states.

For folks refusing to do anything productive with their lives, Obama is offering an even more attractive benefit—free money in the form of a government pension.

Despite the fact that Americans are living healthier and longer lives and work is generally less physically challenging, the percentage of adults ages 16 to 64 certified as permanently incapable of working by the Social Security Disability Insurance program now stands at 5.1 percent—about double the figure in Reagan’s day.

A broken appeals system offers a decided advantage to those crafty applicants who hire a lawyer—a situation the Obama administration refuses to fix.

For hard working families, the results are predictable—annual family incomes have declined about $1650 during the Obama years, whereas those increased $3900 during Reagan’s tenure.

For the indolent, this is the Second Age of Pericles but for those who toil for their daily bread, Obama’s pronouncements that the economy is much improved and performs better with Democrats in control have a decided Orwellian ring.

Peter Morici served as Chief Economist at the U.S. International Trade Commission from 1993 to 1995. He is an economist and professor at the Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, and a widely published columnist. He is the five time winner of the MarketWatch best forecaster award. Follow him on Twitter @PMorici1.",1
729,Bernie Sanders digs in,"Washington (CNN) The stakes of Bernie Sanders' take-it-to-the-convention strategy are rapidly rising as fresh polls underscore Hillary Clinton's vulnerabilities and predict a tight race between her and Donald Trump in the fall.

After months of talk about the potential of a contested Republican convention, Trump, the presumptive GOP nominee, is quickly consolidating his party's support -- something Clinton is unable to do with Sanders still in the race.

With only a few major nominating contests left, including California and New Jersey on June 7, Sanders lacks a credible mathematical path to overhauling Clinton's wide lead in pledged delegates. And with polls showing Clinton's general election advantage over Trump evaporating, a lingering fracture in the Democratic party could be perilous for its chances to keep the White House.

Still, Sanders is not heeding calls from some Democrats to get out of the race -- or at least cool his rhetoric during the final weeks of the primary season. Instead, he kept up his blistering criticism of Clinton over the weekend and deepened his feud with the party establishment, including endorsing the primary challenger to Democratic National Committee Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz.

""The last I heard is that we are a democratic country, and that elections are about vigorous debates over the issues. Secretary Clinton and I disagree,"" Sanders told Jake Tapper Sunday on CNN's ""State of the Union."" ""What the Democratic leadership has got to understand is that not all of my supporters go to these fancy fundraising dinners. They're working people who are hurting now, who want real change in the economy.""

He added: ""I hope the Democratic leadership understands they have to open up the process, bring those people in.""

Sanders acknowledged in the interview that he has a ""very, very uphill fight"" in his quest to overtake Clinton, given that he has won 46% of pledged delegates so far and she has won 54%. But he rebuked Democratic superdelegates -- party office holders and lawmakers who can vote however they choose at the convention -- for overwhelmingly coming out for Clinton early on in what he said was an ""anointment"" by the establishment and big money interests.

Clinton's failure to finally put away the Sanders campaign is grating on the former secretary of state.

""I will be the nominee for my party,'' Clinton told CNN's Chris Cuomo in an interview last week. ""That is already done, in effect. There is no way I won't be.''

On Sunday, she said there will be an ""obvious need of us to unify the party"" once she becomes the presumptive nominee.

""I will certainly do my part, reaching out to Sen. Sanders, reaching out to his supporters,"" she said on NBC's ""Meet the Press."" ""And I expect him to do his.""

The internal conflict comes at a time when polls show that Trump is getting a dividend from closing out the Republican primary race, and setting up what could be a close election against Clinton in November.

A Fox News poll last week showed Trump leading Clinton 45% to 42%, findings that were within the survey's margin of error. Meanwhile, a New York Times/CBS News national survey released Thursday had Clinton up by six points.

Quinnipiac University polls in swing states Ohio, Florida and Pennsylvania this month also had the rivals effectively neck-and-neck.

Polls this far out from a general election cannot offer a reliable picture of what will happen in November. But they can shape the political environment in which the early stages of the race evolves and, if they continue to show Trump gaining in strength, are likely to increase pressure on Sanders to bring the Democratic Party together.

But Sanders does not see such polls as an argument that he should get out of the race or dial back attacks on Clinton. In fact, he sees them as proof that he would be a superior general election candidate to the former first lady -- most polls show him leading Trump.

In the NBC interview, Clinton suggested Sanders simply hasn't been subjected to the rough and tumble of politics the way she has.

It's ""fair to say that I have been vetted and tested, and I think that that puts me in a very strong position,"" she said.

Referring to Sanders, she said, ""let me say that I don't think he's had a single negative ad ever run against him.""

Sanders disputed the notion that he is only doing better than Clinton because he has not had to endure the years of partisan warfare that have shredded her approval ratings.

""Any objective assessment of our campaign versus Clinton's campaign, I think, will conclude we have the energy, we have the excitement, we have the young people, we have the working people, we can drive a large voter turnout, so that we not only win the White House, but we retain, regain control of the Senate, do well in the House and in governor's chairs up and down the line,"" Sanders told Tapper.

Latest polls clearly show that the lingering Democratic Party divisions are a challenge for Clinton.

The Washington Post/ABC poll released Sunday showed that in a match-up equation with Trump, Clinton currently gets 86% of Democratic voters, meaning that a slice of the party coalition that is not yet sold on her as nominee.

Making a decision to leave a primary race or to tone down attacks on a rival who appears headed for victory is the toughest choices any candidate faces. It is a particularly acute dilemma for Sanders, given that he has won millions of votes, ignited a populist uprising in the Democratic Party that no one saw coming and is basking in an unprecedented reception to his democratic socialist ideas that left him in the political wilderness for years in the Senate.

He and his campaign team have dismissed the idea that he could wreak lasting damage on Clinton if she becomes the nominee, saying he will do whatever it takes to ensure that Trump does not win the presidency. But if his arguments about the process of the Democratic primary race leave the impression that he has been unfairly treated and that Clinton is somehow not the legitimate nominee, the task of uniting the party becomes far more difficult.

That's where Sanders' clash with Wasserman Schultz is particularly concerning to some Democrats. The Vermont senator's campaign has consistently accused the DNC chairwoman of tilting the race in favor of Clinton and criticized the scheduling of debates on Saturday nights when television audiences are lower, and the closed primaries that bar independents in big states like New York.

Sanders is now backing Wasserman Schultz's primary opponent in her Florida district, Tim Canova, and left no doubt about the strengths of his feelings about her on Sunday.

""Well, clearly, I favor her opponent,"" Sanders told Tapper. ""His views are much closer to mine than as to Wasserman Schultz's."" ""In all due respect to the current chairperson. If (I was) elected president, she would not be reappointed to be chair of the DNC.""

Sanders campaign manager Jeff Weaver also sent out a fundraising email to supporters Sunday seeking contributions for Canova.

For all the sudden handwringing in Democratic circles, it's still likely that Clinton will enjoy her own boost in the polls once she finally becomes the presumptive Democratic nominee similar to the one Trump is enjoying now.

For now, veteran Democrats appear to be ready to give Sanders some room. But the clock is ticking.

""After (Clinton) has actually won, after she actually has enough delegates to win the nomination, I think Bernie needs to think about his legacy,"" said Mark Alderman, a top Democratic Party donor who was part of President Barack Obama's transition team. ""Bernie is in the middle of the tsunami -- he doesn't have any perspective yet. It will take a little time. Unfortunately, he only has a little time. He has got to get it together by July.""",1
659,Trump Draws Fire from GOP Leaders over Attacks on Latino Judge,"Republican leaders are taking presumptive presidential nominee Donald Trump to task for his attacks on a Latino judge presiding over a lawsuit against Trump University.

Trump is refusing to back down from his contention that U.S. District Judge Gonzalo Curiel could not preside over a fair trial in a fraud case against Trump University because Curiel's parents were born in Mexico.

""He's member of a club or society very strongly pro-Mexican, which is all fine. But I say he's got bias,"" Trump said of Curiel on CBS' ""Face The Nation."" ""I want to build a wall. I'm going to build a wall.""

And Trump went further when pressed on whether he thinks a Muslim judge would also be biased against him.

""It's possible, yes. Yes. That would be possible, absolutely,"" the billionaire said.

CBS' John Dickerson  then asked Trump, ""Isn't there sort of a tradition though in America that we don't judge people by who their parents were and where they came from?""

""I'm not talking about tradition,"" Trump replied. ""I'm talking about common sense, okay?""

Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich, a Trump supporter and widely considered a possible running mate, severely criticized his remarks.

""This is one of the worst mistakes Trump has made,"" said Gingrich. ""I think it's inexcusable. This judge was born in Indiana. He is an American, period.""

  

 But Gingrich added that that he considers Trump a remarkable leader who learns very quickly.

Meanwhile, Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton grabbed the chance to aim her fire at Trump.

""What Trump is doing is trying to divert attention from the very serious fraud charges against Trump University,"" she said on ABC's ""This Week.""

And on NBC's ""Meet the Press,"" Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell also criticized Trump, but would not say if he thought what Trump said was racist.

""I couldn't disagree more with a statement like that,"" McConnell told NBC's Chuck Todd.

""But is it a racist statement?"" Todd pressed.

""I couldn't disagree more with what he said,"" McConnell reiterated.

In the meantime, Republican leaders are urging Trump to start unifying the party and start acting like ""a potential leader of the United States.""",1
2759,How the battle against the Islamic State is redrawing the map of the Middle East,"CONFRONTING THE ‘CALIPHATE’ | This is part of an occasional series.

Along the vast, zigzagging perimeter of the Islamic State’s self-styled state, the militants are steadily being pushed back as the forces­ ranged against them gain in strength.

In the process, new borders are being drawn, new fiefdoms are being carved out and the seeds of potential new conflicts are being sown.

A war seen by the United States as primarily aimed at preventing future terrorist attacks in America is being prosecuted for very different reasons by the diverse assortment of Shiite, Kurdish and Sunni fighters battling in both Iraq and Syria, often in pursuit of competing agendas that work to subvert the goal of defeating the militants.

In northern Iraq and Syria, Kurds are busily carving out the borders to new Kurdish enclaves. Shiite militias, now the most powerful force in Iraq, are extending their reach deep into traditionally Sunni areas of northern Iraq. The Syrian government is focusing its energies on reclaiming land seized by its opponents during the five-year-old rebellion against it, while deeply divided Syrian rebels in turn are fighting a two-front war to hold their ground against both the government and the Islamic State.

In this fragmented landscape, the Islamic State is but one of a multitude of groups competing for territory and dominance over the collapsed nation states of Iraq and Syria — a symptom as much as a cause of the scramble for power unleashed by the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq in 2003 and the 2011 revolt in Syria.

[Is it too late to solve the mess in the Middle East?]

The Islamic State may or may not be vanquished soon — and a string of defeats inflicted in recent months in northeastern Syria, northern Iraq and most recently Ramadi have raised hopes that its demise may be closer than had been thought.

But already it is becoming clear that victory over the militants won’t end the bloodshed in the region, said Fawaz Gerges, a professor of international relations at the London School of Economics and Political Science.

“There is little thought being given to the morning after, and the morning after is going to be as bloody, as chaotic and as destabilizing as the situation we are seeing now,” he said. “The heart of the Middle East has changed. The fragile state system is no longer there.”

Along some of the war’s front lines, the ways in which the battle against the Islamic State is redrawing the map of the Middle East — perhaps irrevocably — come sharply into focus.

Men of all ages — and in a few places, women — are fighting courageously against desperate and well-armed jihadists, in some instances carrying only the hunting rifles their families owned long before there was war.

But there is no single unifying plan, and no overarching goal, only a jigsaw puzzle composed of the collapsed fragments of Iraq and Syria.

One piece of the puzzle is taking shape along a road called the M4 on most maps, and the International Highway by those who live in its vicinity. It links northern Iraq to the Mediterranean coast of Syria, and it has served as a supply route for the Islamic State across the mostly erased Syria-Iraq border.

In northeastern Syria, it also roughly tracks the front line between the frontier of the Islamic State’s so-called caliphate and the lands claimed by Syria’s minority Kurds, who have emerged as one of the single-most-effective U.S. partners in the war.

Raqqa, the Islamic State’s self-proclaimed capital and the next priority of the U.S. military campaign, lies 30 miles to the south.

But Raqqa, an Arab city, is not a priority for the People’s Protection Units, or YPG, the Kurdish force that is busy consolidating its control in northeastern Syria. In the past year, the YPG has expanded the territory under its control by 186 percent — compared with a 14 percent shrinkage for the far larger territory controlled by the Islamic State — making it by far the biggest winner in the wider war, according to figures compiled by the IHS Conflict Monitor.

The YPG’s sights are now set on another stretch of Kurdish land, the isolated enclave of Afrin far to the west, in the province of Aleppo, surrounded by territory controlled by an assortment of Syrian rebels. In an effort to link up with Afrin, the focus of the fighting has shifted there, putting the Kurds in conflict with local Free Syrian Army groups and, potentially, Turkey, which has vowed to prevent the creation of a Kurdish enclave in the area.

The Raqqa front line has been left to a ragged assortment of former Raqqa rebels who were driven out of the city by the Islamic State. They are fighting in sandals with ancient Kalashnikovs alongside a crude earth barrier thrown up in the desert just to the south of the town of Ain Issa. Their relations with the YPG are tense, and they have been overlooked in the effort by the Pentagon to arm Sunni allies to take on the Islamic State in Sunni areas.

But a strategy that relies on a Kurdish force to counter the Islamic State in Arab areas “is destined to make things worse, not better,” said Robert Ford, the former U.S. ambassador to Syria who is now with the Middle East Institute.

“The Americans are aiding in the establishment of a unilaterally declared autonomous Kurdish zone, and Arab Syrians will not accept it,” he said. “Where this leads to is the partition of Syria, and it’s going to make it harder if countries are fragmented in this way to take on the Islamic State.”

A similar dilemma prevails across the border in the Kurdish region of northern Iraq, on the battlefield just south of the once-mixed Kurdish-Arab town of Makhmour, whose capture by the Islamic State in August 2014 helped precipitate U.S. airstrikes. The jihadist occupation lasted barely 48 hours before U.S. warplanes intervened and the Islamic State retreated, in the first indication that air power could prove decisive in stemming and then reversing the militants’ ­advances.

The front line since has barely shifted. A labyrinth of trenches, earthen barricades and sandbags snaking across the fertile plains of northern Iraq’s Nineveh province separates the combatants and also forms the southernmost frontier of the territories claimed by the regional government of Kurdistan as part of its still-undeclared Kurdish state.

The villages beyond are wholly Arab, and the Kurdish peshmerga forces manning the line say they have no intention of pressing forward, even though they believe they could.

“Here on this front line we won’t advance any further because this is Arab land,” explained Col. Yadgar Hijran, who commands forces­ along a stretch of the front line. “If anyone is to free these areas, it should be Arabs, because if Kurds free them, then it will become an ethnic war.”

In many ways, it already is. Spanning the Kurdish-Arab fault line that runs across northern Iraq, Makhmour has long been contested and was among the areas targeted in the 1980s by Saddam Hussein’s “Arabization” program. Surrounding Kurdish villages were razed and their lands given to Arab settlers, often from other parts of the country. The Kurdish peshmerga seized control of Makhmour after U.S. troops swept into the area in 2003, and many of those Arabs fled.

[The hidden hand behind the Islamic State militants? Saddam Hussein’s.]

Under Iraq’s new constitution, the final status was to have been settled by a referendum, but that plan has become moot since the war against the Islamic State began. The president of the Kurdish region, Masoud Barzani, has said the Kurds will never surrender any of the lands they have recaptured. Talk of a far bolder referendum, to vote on the complete independence of Kurdistan, is being revived.

“There is a need for brave decisions, to look at the realities and let people decide what they want,” said Masrour Barzani, Kurdistan’s national security chief. “Iraq has broken apart. Sunnis believe in a united Iraq only if Sunnis rule it. Shiites believe in a united Iraq only if Shiites rule it. There is no single definition of a united Iraq.”

“Trying to keep the country united against the will of the people is not going to succeed,” he said.

That’s not a view shared by the Shiite militia fighters battling the Islamic State 40 miles to the south, outside the destroyed Baiji oil refinery. The facility was finally recaptured in October after more than a year of back-and-forth battles, with Shiite militias fighting under the umbrella of the Hashd Shabi — as the popular mobilization units are known — playing an instrumental role in securing the victory alongside Iraqi army units, according to the Iraqi government and army units on the ground.

The front line now has shifted northwest into the Makhool mountains, a strategic ridge of barren hills overlooking the refinery and also the main highway leading to Mosul, the biggest city controlled by the Islamic State and a key target of the fight.

This is also indisputably Sunni territory, now in the process of being conquered by Shiites fighting far from their homes in the Shiite south of the country — motivated, say young fighters, by duty to their religious leaders. Along the length of the 200-mile highway leading north to Baiji from Baghdad lie the ruins of Sunni towns and villages, destroyed by airstrikes and artillery in the fight to dislodge the Islamic State.

“We are following the orders of our marjaya” — the Shiite religious authorities in Najaf — said Sattar Ahwan, one of about two dozen men massed beneath a ridge on the hillside as bullets zinged and mortar fire crumped overhead. He, along with many of the fighters, wore an armband featuring the face of the late Iranian leader Ayatollah Khomeini, a reminder of the divergent loyalties complicating the battlefield.

The Shiite fighters are nonetheless fighting for a united Iraq, insisted two commanders from the Kataeb Sayed Shuhada, a Shiite militia that has also sent fighters to Syria, at a command post behind the front lines on the edge of the nearby town of Baiji. “The Hashd are the sons of Iraq. Our role is to fight for the sake of Iraq,” said Alaa al-Husseini, who comes from Najaf and wears a turban, signaling his role as a religious adviser to the fighters. “We are all Iraqis, Sunnis and Shiites, and this crisis has made us unite.”

Behind him, the flags of the assorted Shiite militias participating in the fight fluttered over Baiji, long since emptied of its inhabitants and now almost destroyed.

For the few Iraqi Sunnis engaged in the fight against the Sunni Islamic State, the symbolism of such scenes, broadcast widely on television, is obvious — and worrying.

Amiriyat Fallujah, in the western province of Anbar, is one of the few Sunni towns that held at bay the Islamic State onslaught into most of the country’s Sunni regions last year, and it is one of the first where local Sunnis are being deployed in the fight against the Islamic State. Several hundred local Sunni tribesmen trained by U.S. troops returned there in late October, and they launched their first offensive in November, alongside Iraqi army troops.

It went well. A front line that had endured since the Islamic State’s advances­ early in 2014 crumbled within 36 hours. The tribesmen took control of an extra three miles or so of land. The new front line is barely distinguishable from the old, except that the old trench dug in the desert had filled with plastic bags and water bottles, whereas the new one is dug from freshly churned earth. It also puts the fighters three miles closer to Fallujah, the first Iraqi town to be captured by the Islamic State nearly two years ago.

As is the case along other front lines, the fighters say they are confident they could easily gain more ground and perhaps take Fallujah itself if they had sufficient support — from the Iraqi government and from allies such as the United States.

“As soon as they saw our ­forces, they ran away,” said Faisal al-Issawi, a local tribal leader who commands forces­ along one stretch of the newly dug front line. “They still have power, but it’s not the same as a year ago. Airstrikes made them weak and are breaking their structures. Every week they execute four or five members because they refuse to obey orders or try to turn against their leaders.”

But weapons have been hard to come by on this neglected front, where actual fighting is rare. None of the tribal fighters wear uniforms, and some are armed only with ancient rifles, owned by their families for generations, according to one fighter, who said he was 60 but looked older.

The Shiite-dominated government has been reluctant to arm the Sunni tribes for fear of empowering potential rivals, and the Sunnis here are already questioning their future in an Iraq now more firmly dominated by Shiites than ever before.

“Even those who are loyal to the central government and fight ISIS are treated like foreigners” by the central government, said Shaker al-Issawi, the mayor of Amiriyat Fallujah, as he visited his men on the front line.

He is among a small but growing number of Sunnis who are starting to embrace the idea of forming a separate Sunni entity, along the lines of the semiautonomous Kurdish enclave in the north.

“If the people of Anbar felt respected, as Iraqis, they would be loyal to us and fight ISIS,” he said. “But we are not respected, and I fear the only solution is a Sunni state.”

It is not a mainstream view among Iraqi Sunnis, Suhaib al-Rawi, the governor of the province of Anbar, said in an interview in Baghdad ahead of the recent victory of Iraqi government troops in Ramadi.

“It’s not only a bad idea, it would be a catastrophe,” he said, citing the battle for Ramadi, fought by the Iraqi army, as evidence that Iraq can survive. “Iraq was always a united nation and a great regional power. It is in the best interest of everyone to remain united.”

But they are not united, said Gerges, the London School of Economics professor, who questions not whether Iraq or Syria should be partitioned as part of an ultimate solution but whether they can be salvaged at all.

“The puzzle is, how do you glue these states back together again?” he said. “They’re gone. They’re gone into a million pieces.”

This is part of an occasional series about the militant group Islamic State and its violent collision with the United States and others intent on halting the group’s rapid rise.

The hidden hand behind the Islamic State militants? Saddam Hussein’s.

Life in the ‘Islamic State’: Spoils for the rulers, terror for the ruled

Inside the surreal world of the Islamic State’s propaganda machine

From hip-hop to jihad, how the Islamic State became a magnet for converts

5 stories you should read to really understand the Islamic State

Mustafa Salim in Baiji and Ameriyat Fallujah.contributed to this report.",1
731,Donald Trump is going to win: This is why Hillary Clinton can’t defeat what Trump represents,"The Trump alliance desires to remake the world in their own image, just as the class representing neoliberal globalization has insisted on doing so. The difference couldn’t be starker. Capitalism today is placeless, locationless, nameless, faceless, while Trump is talking about hauling corporations back to where they belong, in their home countries, fix them in place by means of rewards and retribution, like one handles a recalcitrant child.

Trump is a businessman, while Mitt Romney was a businessman too, yet I predict victory for the former while the latter obviously lost miserably. What is the difference? While Trump “builds” things (literal buildings), in places like Manhattan and Atlantic City, places one can recognize and identify with, and while Trump’s entire life has been orchestrated around building luxury and ostentatiousness, again things one can tangibly grasp and hold on to (the Trump steaks!), Romney is the personification of a placeless corporation, making his quarter billion dollars from consulting, i.e., representing economic abstraction at its purest, serving as a high priest of the transnational capitalist class.

No one can visualize the boardroom Romney sat in, as head of Bain Capital, but, via The Apprentice, everyone has seen, for more than a decade, what Trump’s boardroom looks like, and what it takes to be a “winner” in the real economy. What was that façade behind the collapse of fictitious corporations like Enron in the early 2000s? Trump supposedly pulled the veil off.

In the present election, Hillary Clinton represents precisely the same disembodiedness as Romney, for example because of her association with the Clinton Foundation. Where did the business of the state, while she was secretary of state, stop, and where did the business of global philanthropy (just another name for global business), begin, and who can possibly tell the difference? The maneuverings of the Clinton Foundation, in the popular imagination, are as arcane as the colossal daily transactions on the world’s financial exchanges.

Everything about Clinton—and this becomes all the more marked when she takes on the (false) mantle of speaking for the underclass, with whom she bears no mental or physical resemblance—reeks of the easy mobility of the global rentier class. Their efficacy cannot be accounted for, not through the kind of democratic process that is unfolding before our eyes as a remnant of the American founding imagination, her whole sphere of movement is pure abstraction.

In this election, abstraction will clearly lose, and corporeality, even if—or particularly if—gross and vulgar and rising from the repressed, will undoubtedly win. A business tycoon who vigorously inserted himself in the imaginations of the dispossessed as the foremost exponent of birtherism surely cannot be entirely beholden to the polite elites, can he? Trump is capital, but he is not capital, he is of us but also not of us in the way that the working class desires elevation from their rootedness, still strongly identified with place and time, not outside it. After all, he posed the elemental question, Where were you born?

Though he is in fact the libertine (certainly not Clinton, who is libertinism’s antithesis), he will be able to tar her with being permissive to an extreme degree—an “enabler,” as the current jargon has it, for her husband’s proclivities, for example. It has nothing to do with misogyny. It has everything to do with the kind of vocabulary that must substitute for people’s real emotions, their fears and desires, in the face of an abstract market that presumes to rule out everything but the “rational” utility-maximizing motive.

For the market to exist, as classical economics would have it, there must be free buyers and sellers, competitive prices, a marketplace that remains fixed and transparent, and none of these elements exist anymore in the neoliberal economy, which seeks to stamp out the last vestiges of resistance in the most forgotten parts of the world. In fact, the market has created—in the ghost towns of the American Midwest, for example—a kind of sub-Saharan desolation, in the heartland of the country, all the better to identify the completeness of its project in the “successful” coastal cities. Trump is a messenger from the most successful of these cities, and his very jet-setting presence, in the middle of empty landscapes, provides an imaginary access point.

Darkness in the human soul is not utility-maximizing, therefore someone has to stand in for the opposite of what the market establishes as the universal solvent, and that someone, in this election, happens to be Hillary Clinton; which makes her unelectable. She will not, in fact, be able to discover, as she hasn’t so far, anything like an authentic voice which can prove to the electorate that she is not that dark force the market cannot account for. But note the irony: by discrediting Clinton in this manner, the losers in the global economy are actually articulating yet another form for the decisive articulateness of the market after all!

The population across the board does not see the abstractions of the transnational capitalist class being able to solve a problem like ISIS, which represents a crisis of authority. Wasn’t al-Qaeda defeated? Didn’t we get Osama bin Laden’s head? Then what is this lingering distaste called ISIS? Forms of darkness are easily substitutable, thus Hillary (whose synecdoche is Benghazi, or secret emails) becomes unable to speak the truth, the more she tries.

But…I do not want to claim for a minute that Trump can represent anything other than the further strengthening of neoliberal capitalism, both domestically and globally. He can only represent a further intensification, as would be true of anyone else. The total globalization of the market—our greatest of myths today, the one all-powerful entity to which all, state, civil society, and individual, have completely bent—is unstoppable. The flat earth posited by Tom Friedman in the 1990s will end up erasing all local distinctiveness, the end goal of neoliberalism. While Trump represents the desire for national regeneration—as is true of any neofascist movement—this is not possible in the twenty-first century, because the state as we have known it has ended, as has the market in the conventional understanding.

In the end, Trump cannot take charge, because no one can take charge. Capital today serves nothing other than capital itself. In the current post-democratic, post-“capitalism” era, the myths of regeneration propounded by Trump serve as convenient fictions, as capital well knows, and is therefore little disturbed by.

Nonetheless, Trump has brought to the surface the leftover mobs of American society, the residual unemployable, the “losers” constituting perhaps a third of society, who were never acknowledged as such during the past many cycles of political ups and downs, but who are now forcing the successful two-thirds to face up to the fictions of the market.

When Trump’s masses see Clinton tacking to the middle—as she undoubtedly will, rather than go for the surefire path to victory by heading left, by picking Bernie Sanders for example—the more they will detest it, which will push her only further in their direction, not in the direction that can bring victory. Clinton, because of her disembodied identity in the placeless global economy, cannot make a movement toward the direction of reality, because the equations would falter, the math would be off, the logic would be unsustainable. And that is the contradiction that the country can easily see, that is the exposed front of the abstract market that will bring about its supposed reckoning in the form of Clinton’s defeat.

But the reckoning, again, will be pure fiction. Trump is not a fascist father figure, he is not the second coming of Mussolini, he is the new virtual figure who is as real as reality television, which is even more recessive and vanishing compared to Ronald Reagan’s Hollywood fictions. The field of action in which Trump specialized for a long time before the nation, as dress rehearsal for the current (and final) role, was one where, at least to outward appearances, the presence of surplus capital was acknowledged and taken for granted, and aspirants competed to know more about it and to desperately work on its behalf. With the ascension of Trump, an entire country of apprentices wants to get a handle on surplus capital by bringing the state back in, but as I said before, this is impossible because the pre-neoliberal state is gone, it has been reduced to the market, it is the market. Again, capital serves only capital, though Trump’s followers wish to see him create a split whereby they can enter the picture, forcibly, though even they perhaps know that Trump, as president, cannot sue evanescent corporations, or other realities of the market, even if suing is a tendency that comes naturally to him. To take the logic one step further, the myth of the market—or the way “government” is run today—cannot acknowledge one thing and one thing only: death. If you compete (whether in Trump’s boardroom or on the “level playing field” he wants to bring about in America by excluding illegal competitors, whether undocumented aliens or Chinese currency manipulators or unwanted Mexican goods), you win. (Of course, this only strengthens the myth of the market, but that is something that will be evident to the populace once Trump is in power; they want a localized, responsive, non-idle market, but the market is beyond the need to accommodate itself in those ways.) But to get back to death, Trump’s campaign has been successful so far, and will surely be victorious in the end, because he is the only one who has brought death back into the discourse. The only people identified with death today on the global scene—the only people not part of the market and not able to be part of it—are terrorists, undocumented immigrants, the homeless and the mentally ill, those who have no claims to success in the market. Trump’s people want to make sure—from the purest feeling of shame known to politics—that they are not of the unchosen ones, they want to enforce a radical separation between their kind of shame, which they think is unwarranted, by excluding illegal competition, by constructing literal walls to keep out the death-dealers, by overruling the transnational party elites who have sold them out. Trump is vocally identifying the death aura, prodding the working class to confront the other, which is as alienated and excluded as itself, but which the working class likes to imagine is the irreconcilable other. By forcing this confrontation he has put himself in the winner’s seat. Let us note the rise of suicide among white working-class men and women, of all ages. This—like the other deals in death that the market fails to name—is an assertion of independence from the market. Let us note too the power of the transgender rights movement (after the relative normalization of the presence of AIDS, and also of same-sex marriage) to prompt ferocious emotions amongst the excluded; this movement has become a substitute for the power of death—sexual death—to terrify us. They would rather be terrified by something they can do something about, knowing that the market wants to assimilate this form of gender-bending, identity-shifting, unlocalizable personality triumph. Again, Trump is virtual but not virtual, he is of TV but not of TV, functioning more as an ambassador from TV than an actor or role-player in that world—which makes him uniquely equipped, in the eyes of his supporters, for taking on the kinds of death-dealers that they think mess up the market against their parochial interests. Think again of Trump’s initiation of his campaign with the idea of the wall, and calling those who break through the wall rapists and murderers. And compare it to Clinton’s opening gambit of giving identifiable personalities to the clear winners in the transnational race to acquire and embody capital, paraded one after the other in her first campaign commercial. And then think of the culture warriors, both on the left and the right, as perceiving every threat as a personal attack on their very being, their very existence, no matter how trivial the offense (hence the revealing term “micro-aggressions), exactly as the Trump proletariat reacts to attacks on their identity, as they have been trained to respond after decades of rampant identity politics. Now consider, in the face of these three competing tendencies, the market’s pure victory; because all three games are being played out on its terms, it is the preordained winner. And yet, I would say, Trump must win, he has to win, to give the element he represents, of the three mentioned here, a degree of equality with the other two. The spectacle must be kept interesting after all. What is common between the “multitudes” who show up for the Trump and Sanders rallies? Both constituencies are rebelling against the empire of capital, the empire of the market (whether the right calls it the New World Order or the left calls it free trade), and they show up naming empire as such. In this election campaign, whoever names the empire of the market wins (Trump, or Sanders had he been able to overcome the barriers erected by the Democratic party), and whoever hides its name (Clinton), loses. Are these rallies, Trump’s and Sanders’s, aesthetic spectacles, or are they radical politics? The market does not have an answer to this question, or rather it has already answered it to its own satisfaction. Is Trump a racist? Does he represent racists? We have to take into account the fact that the recent resurgence of racism—in the form of overt police beatings, for example, and other things that we thought had been relegated to the past—is a symptom of the failure of the old state, it is simply an assertion on the part of the market that we cannot count on the “state” as such to resolve the fantasy of racism as the great equalizer. The market, I would dare to assert, is quite happy at the failure of the state to contend with racism. And to the extent that Trump fans the flames of racism, the market is happy with that too, it remains above the fray, so to speak, it remains the only untouched, unsullied, uncorrupted entity in the whole ongoing show. I expect Trump to take a national lead shortly and never relinquish it until the end. It will be easy if he keeps the libertine and destructive aspects of himself in perfect balance, seesawing from one to the other, as he has so far, appealing to an elemental fear in the country, torn apart by the abstraction of the market, to which Clinton has not the faintest hope of responding. He only has to use one distinctively non-misogynist, concretely unifying, morose five-letter word in the debates: NAFTA. A pure market abstraction that has turned out to be not so much an abstraction.",1
3270,Nevada GOP Gov. Brian Sandoval Won't Run For Senate In 2016,"Nevada Gov. Brian Sandoval (R) announced Tuesday that he will not be running for his state's open U.S. Senate seat in 2016, disappointing many Republicans who saw him as the strongest candidate to win.

""I have said many times that it is an honor and a privilege to serve as Nevada's Chief Executive and that I love my job. My heart is in my responsibilities as Governor and continuing to build the New Nevada. My undivided attention must be devoted to being the best Governor, husband and father I can be. For these reasons, I will not seek the United States Senate seat that will be available in 2016,"" Sandoval said in a statement posted on his website.

""I support Governor Sandoval's difficult decision to not run for the United States Senate,"" said Sen. Dean Heller (R-Nev.), who had urged the governor to run. ""Under his leadership, our state's economy continues to experience the Nevada comeback that we all know it is capable of achieving. While Governor Sandoval's voice and experience would have been a welcomed addition here on Capitol Hill, I join the entire Nevada family in wishing him success for the duration of his term in office.""

Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) revealed in March that he won't seek re-election in 2016, setting off a scramble to see whether Republicans will be able to pick up his seat. Reid has endorsed Democrat Catherine Cortez Masto, a former state attorney general, who announced her candidacy shortly after his announcement.

Sandoval easily won a second term last year, and is the first Latino to serve as Nevada's governor. But he has long sounded reluctant about entering the Senate race.

“Do you really think … I would propose the things that I proposed last night, thinking I might be on a ballot?” Sandoval said in January, referring to a proposed tax increase that would be the largest in Nevada history.

Las Vegas City Council member Bob Beers (R) has already declared his candidacy on the Republican side. U.S. Reps. Joe Heck and Mark Amodei, both Republicans, have already opted out of the race, but they could reconsider now that Sandoval isn't running.

CORRECTION: This piece originally stated that Rep. Dina Titus (D-Nev.) is also thinking of running for the Senate seat. She recently announced, however, that she is sitting out the race.

Have a tip or story idea to share with us? Email us at scoops@huffingtonpost.com. We'll keep your identity private unless you tell us otherwise.",1
3224,Can Jeb Bush fire up the base like he’s fired up the establishment?,"Jeb Bush’s nascent presidential campaign has already won over many of the big-dollar donors and GOP elites. What he needs to prove now is that he can win over the crowds.

Until visits to South Carolina and other early states this month, the former Florida governor hadn’t been on the campaign trail for himself in 13 years. He hadn’t sold himself to the deeply conservative, tea party-inspired crowds that have emerged as a driving Republican force in the Obama era. He’d never snapped so many “selfies” with admirers.

And he admits his delivery is a work in progress. “I’m learning along the way how to get better,” he told reporters in South Carolina this week.

And what has he learned? “I think if you’re on a long journey and you start at X, if you have any kind of aspirational nature in who you are, you’re expecting to get to 2X, 3X, 4X,” he said. “I’m goal-driven, and I can assure you I’ll get better at whatever it is I need to do.”

The exchange sums Bush up well. One moment he’s lofty; the next he’s granular. There are fleeting moments of personal connection, but mostly he’s proudly workmanlike — and unafraid to come off as the smartest guy in the room. He has a Bill Clinton-like ability to speak on multiple issues with fluency, but with a mechanical delivery in place of a friendly drawl.

Bush is casting himself as the experienced adult in a Republican field packed with younger, crowd-pleasing contenders, from Gov. Scott Walker of Wisconsin to Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas. The question is whether his wonky, somewhat stilted approach will have appeal beyond the ranks of the establishment GOP.

“Clearly, he’s smart, there’s no question about that,” said Bob Knight, a lobbyist who watched Bush speak in Greenville and ­Columbia, S.C. “You can buy that — but can you buy charisma? Does he have the charisma to win?”

Bush starts his standard stump speech with a quick nod to his family history. In Cedar Rapids, Iowa, he introduced himself as “George’s boy and W.’s brother,” but quickly put distance between himself and the former presidents.

“All of my mistakes I made in my life are my own doing. They have nothing to do with my family. I have a great family. But I’ve been on my own journey,” he said.

When he made his first stop on the tour in Las Vegas, a man asked Bush how he would be a different president than his father and brother were. He deflected by turning the question around at the crowd.

“You have brothers and sisters?” he asked the man.

“Are you exactly the same?” Bush asked.

Most Bush appearances last about an hour. He poses for a few pictures and shakes hands before giving about seven minutes of introductory remarks. Then he fields questions for at least 45 minutes on immigration, energy policy, Common Core education standards, Alzheimer’s research or the national debt.

He traveled Thursday to the Georgia State Capitol in Atlanta for a brief stop, which coincided with a visit by Georgia-born rapper Ludacris, who was being honored for his charitable foundation.

Bush joked that he came “because I heard Ludacris was gonna be here.” Photos of Bush and Ludacris circulated widely on Twitter.

Repeatedly during events this month, Bush marveled about the future. Pointing to the Pebble Smartwatch on his wrist, Bush said most Americans will soon be wearing such devices to track their health, bank accounts and sleep patterns — part of a “technological revolution,” as he put it in both New Hampshire and South Carolina.

Bush is 6-foot-4, a few inches taller than his brother. He has a slight hunch in his shoulders, something he admitted he’s working to correct. He has lost more than 20 pounds in the past few months as he prepares for the expected campaign. Audience members commonly say that he’s much taller than they expected.

While talking with voters, he calls men “brother,” says he’s “all in” on his positions and frequently labels things “cool.” He goes out of his way to thank Hispanic waiters at restaurants and speaks to them in his fluent Spanish. He uses outdated expressions such as “Holy schnikes” and “Holy Toledo,” and decries the “yapping” and “food fight” in Washington.

He also has a dry, deadpan sense humor — so dry it often evaporates quickly. “There are some people that have been dying to ask a question back there,” he told the Las Vegas crowd. “I don’t want them to do that.”

At this early stage, most of Bush’s public appearances are hastily arranged. In the hotel ballrooms, community centers and restaurants, there are no campaign placards, no booming music, no bright T-shirts and very little staff. Sometimes, he’s showing up as the headline act at somebody else’s event, such as a Chamber of Commerce meeting.

His traveling posse includes similarly lanky, bespectacled men. There’s Josh Venable, who worked for Bush’s education foundation and advises him on policy matters. Coleman Lapointe is the “body guy” who once worked for Bush’s father and is tasked with taking photos on the cellphones of supporters. Tim Miller, Bush’s communications director-in-waiting, is the freshest face in the pack.

Other traveling companions have included Kristy Campbell, his press secretary who held a similar job when he was governor; Sally Bradshaw, a longtime consigliere tasked with recruiting top staffers and donors; and David Kochel, his campaign manager-in-waiting.

In each state, the group piles into a rented SUV and Bush sits in the front passenger-side seat — never in the back. He snacks on unsalted almonds as part of a strict “paleo” diet. That meant eating takeout from Ruth’s Chris Steak House on the ride from ­Columbia to Myrtle Beach on Tuesday night, or pulled pork with no barbecue sauce during a recent stop in Waukee, Iowa.

Virtually all the voters who show up to see Bush say they are reserving judgment until they see other candidates.

“I want to know more about him,” Dennis Cavanaugh of Murrells Inlet, S.C., said after Bush’s visit to Myrtle Beach. Cavanaugh said that after Obama, the country needs to do a better job vetting the next president. “Anybody and his brother can run for office — literally. I think that’s part of what the big problem is.”

His wife, Anne, seemed won over by Bush for a simple reason: He encouraged people to e-mail him questions to his personal address, jeb@jeb.org.

“I like that because I think if I e-mailed President Obama I wouldn’t get an answer,” she said.

As his travels continue, Bush seems increasingly convinced that he can outlast others in the field.

“It’s been a blast,” he told reporters late one day in Columbia. “Just for the record, I’m not a candidate — but as I’ve gone about listening to people and hearing their questions, it’s been fun, truly it has been joyful.”",1
2402,White House has been aided recently by ruling in contraceptives case,"When a split Supreme Court last June exempted some companies from providing female employees with some contraceptive coverage because of the employers’ religious objections, Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg sounded the alarm.

The 5-to-4 decision in Burwell v. Hobby Lobby was one of “startling breadth,” Ginsburg wrote. “The court, I fear, has ventured into a minefield, by its immoderate reading” of the Religious Freedom Restoration Act (RFRA).

Ginsburg’s warnings might yet be proved right. Gretchen Borchelt, vice president for Health and Reproductive Rights at the National Women’s Law Center, said the Hobby Lobby decision’s protection of religious objections since has been cited by a paramedic student who objected to a vaccination requirement and has been raised as a defense in a child labor case.

But in what many expect to be the next major test of the Affordable Care Act’s contraceptive mandate — a challenge over whether the government has done enough to accommodate the objections of religiously affiliated nonprofit organizations such as universities, hospitals and charities — the Hobby Lobby decision so far has aided the Obama administration.

Three circuit courts of appeals have examined the issue, and they have been unanimous in ruling that the government’s solution of shifting the burden to the groups’ insurers allows women no-cost access to contraceptives without infringing on the religious rights of the objecting nonprofits.

Last week, a split panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 7th Circuit in Chicago turned aside complaints from the University of Notre Dame. And the entire U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit voted 6 to 3 not to reconsider a decision by one of its panels, which had ruled in favor of the Obama administration in a challenge brought by a group called Priests for Life and the Archdiocese of Washington.

The U.S. Court of Appeals for the 3rd Circuit in Philadelphia has made a similar decision in cases brought by Catholic organizations in Pennsylvania.

“The decisions are consistent with Hobby Lobby,” said Borchelt. “We think it’s clear there’s no substantial burden” on the group’s religious beliefs because of the accommodation the government offers.

Lori Windham, senior counsel at the Becket Fund for Religious Liberty, disagrees and notes there are challenges yet to be decided in appeals courts around the country.

“We believe that the Supreme Court will take up one of these cases next fall,” she said.

The Affordable Care Act requires that women covered by group health plans be able to obtain contraceptives at no additional cost. Originally, only religious organizations such as churches were exceptions. But after protests from religious nonprofit groups, the government devised an accommodation.

To be eligible, a religious organization must certify to its insurance company that it opposes coverage for contraceptives, or it must send a letter to the government saying so and provide the name of its insurance company. The insurers and government take over from there to provide the services.

But the religious groups say either of those options serve as a “trigger” that allows the contraceptives to be provided and makes the groups complicit in what they consider sin.

In November, the D.C. Circuit panel unanimously rejected that reasoning.

“All plaintiffs must do to opt out is express what they believe and seek what they want via a letter or two-page form,” Circuit Judge Cornelia Pillard wrote. “That bit of paperwork is more straightforward and minimal than many that are staples of nonprofit organizations’ compliance with law.”

“Religious nonprofits that opt out are excused from playing any role in the provision of contraception services, and they remain free to condemn contraception in the clearest terms,” she wrote.

In the Hobby Lobby ruling, the Supreme Court’s five-member majority said the mandate requiring some companies to provide some contraceptive coverage violated the protections of RFRA. The law says government must have a compelling reason to substantially burden religious beliefs and the requirement be the least restrictive means for achieving the government’s goal.

Pillard noted that it was the lack of an accommodation for private companies whose owners object to providing contraceptives that led to the Hobby Lobby ruling, although the majority did not rule on whether the government’s accommodation would suffice.

Three of the D.C. Circuit’s judges wanted to reconsider the panel’s decision and rule for the plaintiffs.

Circuit Judge Janice Rogers Brown said religious groups decide whether their beliefs are compromised by government regulation. “The panel conceded plaintiffs sincerely ‘believe that the regulatory framework makes them complicit in the provision of contraception,’ ” Brown wrote. “That acknowledgment should end our inquiry into the substance of their beliefs.”

But in the Notre Dame case, Circuit Judge David F. Hamilton said it was not the sincerity of the groups’ beliefs being questioned but their legal arguments.

“This is an issue not of moral philosophy but of federal law,” Hamilton wrote. “Federal courts are not required to treat Notre Dame’s erroneous legal interpretation as beyond their reach—even if that interpretation is also a sincere and religious belief. Notre Dame is not entitled to nullify the law’s benefits for others based on this mistake of law, which is the foundation of its claim of a substantial burden.”

The panel was reconsidering, at the Supreme Court’s direction, an earlier decision against Notre Dame. But it said the Hobby Lobby decision only reinforced its previous ruling.

The justices’ interest in the issue could become clear soon. Justice Samuel A. Alito Jr., who is designated to handle special requests from the 3rd Circuit, last month granted the Pennsylvania organizations a temporary delay in providing the services. The groups are preparing a petition to ask the court to take their cases.

Alito asked the federal government to respond and said the delay would last only until further order from him or the full court.

In a letter last week, Solicitor General Donald B. Verrilli Jr., who represents the government, reminded the justices of the recent victories in the lower courts.",1
721,Obama says world leaders right to be 'rattled' by Trump,"President Obama said world leaders were right to be ""rattled"" by Donald Trump.

“They are rattled by (him) — and for good reason,” said Obama of the presumptive Republican presidential nominee. The president was speaking Thursday in Japan on the sidelines of a Group of Seven conference, a two-day event focused on the global economy.

“A lot of the proposals he has made display either ignorance of world affairs, or a cavalier attitude, or an interest in getting tweets and headlines,” said Obama.

He dismissed concerns that attacks by Democratic rival candidates Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders were hurting the party's electoral chances.

“During primaries, people get a little grumpy with each other. Somebody’s supporter pops off and there’s a certain buildup of aggravation,” Obama said. “Every little speed bump, conflict trash-talking that takes place is elevated.”",1
4399,"GOP Senator On Fixing Obamacare: 'No, No, No, No'","This summer, the court is expected to rule in King v. Burwell, in which the plaintiffs allege the Affordable Care Act's language does not authorize the federal government to distribute health insurance tax credits in about two-thirds of the states. Some wording in one section of the law is the source of the dispute -- an ambiguity that Congress could fix with a simple, one-line correction. Coats, speaking to the Wall Street Journal's Louise Radnofsky, seemed to suggest he and other Republicans had no interest in taking that step.

It's possible Coats was being flippant. (His office has not responded to email inquiries from The Huffington Post.) And he doesn't necessarily speak for other Republicans, at least a few of whom have indicated they're thinking about what to do if the court does find for the plaintiffs.

Over the last few months, a cadre of prominent conservative writers and intellectuals -- most notably James Capretta, Philip Klein, Avik Roy and Yuval Levin -- have suggested Republicans seize the opportunity to enact their own version of health reform, whether that's through significant modifications to the existing law or some kind of wholesale replacement. The topic reportedly came up at a House Republican strategy retreat this month, and over in the Senate, Republicans Lamar Alexander, John Barrasso and Orrin Hatch have started a working group to examine possible post-King reforms.

""There are a lot of ideas,"" Hatch told TPM's Sahil Kapur this week. ""If the case goes the way I think it should go ... then we've gotta come up with a way of resolving the problems we're in. We're quietly looking at all that and trying to do that.""

But drawing up a health care bill can't really be done ""quietly"" -- or quickly. The debate over the Affordable Care Act dragged on for more than a year in Congress. And that was just the final stage of a process that had unfolded over roughly a decade, during which time liberal intellectuals and interest groups hashed out different ideas for how to write legislation and then how to build a political coalition that could pass it. It took such a long time because devising even narrowly tailored health care legislation requires coming to grips with difficult trade-offs -- and then dealing with politically powerful constituencies that might not like them.

Republicans would face the very same difficulties. Many conservatives have said, for example, that they would prefer to repeal or at least relax Obamacare's restrictions on ""age rating,"" thereby allowing insurers much more room to vary premiums based on age. They tout this proposal because, they note correctly, it would mean lower premiums for young people. What they often don't mention is that it would also mean higher premiums for old people. In other words, giving a break to twenty-somethings would mean sticking it to those nearer retirement. Explaining that to older Americans now getting coverage wouldn't be easy for Republicans, particularly since older voters are a key part of the GOP constituency.

Of course, Republicans strategizing about a King ruling may not be acting in good faith. Nobody knows how the court will rule or what reasoning the individual justices will invoke in their decisions. But lots of people in Washington believe that Chief Justice John Roberts, whose vote to uphold the individual mandate saved Obamacare in 2012, might be inclined to save it again if he fears upholding the King lawsuit would wreak havoc -- not only by depriving millions of insurance, but also by throwing entire state insurance markets into chaos. (Without the subsidies, most experts say, many of the law's other reforms could not work and would lead to sudden spikes in premiums or a mass exodus of insurers.)

If Republicans make it look like they're prepared to act, the thinking goes, that will ease Roberts' conscience and make it easier for him to rule in favor of the lawsuit. For now, as one conservative health policy adviser told Kapur, the main goal of Republicans is to ""make the world safe for Roberts to overturn."" It'd be a smart gambit. But Coats' comments -- if representative of more widespread thinking -- would suggest that the mere appearance of trying to pass a law that preserves health insurance for millions is more than many conservatives can stomach.",1
2098,The folly of Obama's Clean Power Plan,"Before any rational discussion of the economic or scientific merits of President Obama’s Clean Power Plan can begin (it will be announced Monday), it is necessary to take his rhetoric about its benefits off the table.  The president stated Sunday that his plan is ""protecting the world we leave to our children.”  To be generous to the president, that is a gross exaggeration.

By the Environmental Protection Agency’s own calculations, the plan will reduce U.S. emissions of carbon dioxide by about 10% from what they are now projected to be in 2030. Since by that time the U.S. will be producing less than 20 percent of global CO2 emissions, the result is at most 2 percent less growth in global emissions.

Based on the calculations of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, that will make less than one-tenth of a degree of difference in global temperatures.

Contrary to the president’s claims about saving lives and reducing energy costs, his own EPA has found that the drastic cuts they are ordering will increase electricity costs, while doing next to nothing to slow the pace of climate change.

What the president will not admit about his ambitious plans is that they will not matter unless the countries actually responsible for future greenhouse gas emissions do far more than they now show any intention of doing.

The world’s future major emitters will be China, India, Brazil -- and of course Russia -- and other rapidly growing economies whose use of fossil fuels is part and parcel of their growth plans.

The Energy Information Administration and the International Energy Agency forecast that by 2030 these countries will be responsible for almost 60% of global greenhouse gas emissions.

Their role is growing fast, not shrinking.

Despite the presidential hoopla about the upcoming Paris climate summit, what the actual preparations show is how little those other major emitters have any intention of doing.

The Paris meeting is not about setting new binding international targets for global emissions.  Instead, nations will determine their own efforts and communicate their intentions in documents called “Intended Nationally Determined Contributions (INDCs).”

This in the long run could be a great improvement over futile meetings to discuss mandatory targets, but China, the world’s largest source of CO2, has already stated its intention to keep growing carbon emissions out to 2030.

In other words, the president is claiming that the U.S. must provide a leading example at a time when the most important carbon emitters have already declared they will not follow it.

At the pace those countries are moving, the problem of climate change will be just as great for our children as it is today, no matter what costly regulations the president imposes on the U.S. economy.

Dr. W. David Montgomery is an expert on the economic issues associated with climate change policy, and testifies as an expert witness in state and federal courts on antitrust and damages cases dealing with petroleum and natural gas markets. His scholarly work is frequently published in peer-reviewed journals, and Congressional committees have requested his testimony on climate change, issues affecting oil and gas markets, and other energy market and environmental issues on numerous occasions. He advises clients on the strategic implications of changes in energy and environmental policies and energy markets.",1
4728,Clinton 'does not recall' ordering destruction of emails from personal server in testimony,"Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton has said she ""does not recall"" ordering emails related to State Department business to be deleted or permanently erased from her personal server after she left her post in 2013, according to sworn testimony made public Thursday.

The testimony, obtained by the conservative group Judicial Watch, marked the first time Clinton was forced to answer questions under oath about her private email system. A federal judge had ordered the former secretary of state's legal team to turn over written responses to questions about the so-called ""homebrew"" server, which was kept in her New York home during her tenure as America's top diplomat.

Clinton and her legal team objected to all or part of 18 of the 25 questions put to her by Judicial Watch. She also filed eight separate general objections to the process under which the questions were being asked.

In her responses, Clinton used some variation of ""does not recall"" at least 21 times.

In the testimony, Clinton says that it was her ""expectation"" that all her ""work-related and potentially work-related e-mails [sic]"" had been turned over to the State Department by her lawyers when she determined that she had ""no reason to keep her personal e-mails [sic].""

That statement contradicts testimony by FBI Director James Comey this past July. Comey told the House oversight committee that ""thousands"" of work-related emails were not returned.

Clinton also denied sending a 2011 memo warning State Department employees not to conduct official business from personal email accounts.

Clinton said the memo, like all notices sent from the State Department, concluded with her last name as ""a formality ... it did not mean that she sent, authored, or reviewed the cable.""

Clinton also said she did not recall receiving a February 2011 memo warning her of increased attempts to hack into private email accounts belonging to senior State Department officials.

Clinton was also asked when she decided to use her private email account to conduct government business and whom she consulted in making that decision.



Clinton said she recalled making the decision in early 2009, but she ""does not recall any specific consultations regarding the decision.""

Asked whether she was warned that using a private email account conflicted with federal record-keeping rules, Clinton responded that ""she does not recall being advised, cautioned, or warned, she does not recall that it was ever suggested to her, and she does not recall participating in any communication, conversation, or meeting in which it was discussed.""



Clinton noted in her testimony that her use of a personal email account for official business dated to her time as a Senator from New York, and insisted that she decided to use the server ""for the purpose of convenience.""

Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton said the group's lawyers will closely review Clinton's responses.



""Mrs. Clinton's refusal to answer many of the questions in a clear and straightforward manner further reflects disdain for the rule of law,"" Fitton said.



Campaign spokesman Brian Fallon said Clinton has answered these same questions in multiple settings for over a year, and her answers Thursday ""are entirely consistent with what she has said many times before.""



""Judicial Watch is a right-wing organization that has been attacking the Clintons since the 1990s, and this frivolous lawsuit is just its latest failed attempt to hurt her campaign for the presidency,"" Fallon said.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
3022,"The Weeds: our undemocratic primaries, Obama's new fiduciary rule, and the challenge of information polarization","There's been a lot of complaining this election cycle about the ""rigged"" rules of the game, and not without reason: Our presidential primary process can be a confusing, undemocratic mess.

It's also incredibly difficult to figure out how to improve. On this episode of The Weeds, with Sarah Kliff still on vacation, Ezra Klein and Matt Yglesias wrestle with just why so many voters feel frustrated by the primaries, whether that represents a genuine danger to trust in government, and what, if anything, can be done to make the system fairer.

Our Weeds hosts also explain a new regulatory initiative that could save the middle class billions — yay, fiduciary rules! They also look at some new research on media consumption and polarization, and discuss how it may or may not relate to the Donald Trump supporter on Matt's Facebook feed.",1
859,"Cruz’s closing case against Trump: ‘We are not a bigoted, angry people’","OSCEOLA, Ind. — Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Tex.) kicked off the final day of campaigning before the end of this state's primary by shaking every hand at the Bravo Cafe, an act of politicking that took him through a packed restaurant and down a lengthy line of voters stuck outside. He signed an ironic baseball cap that copied John Oliver's anti-Trump slogan ""Make Donald Drumpf Again,"" then signed a copy of the ""American Patriot's Bible,"" a compilation of the good book and a Christian history of the United States.

""I've got the same one at home,"" he said.

From there, he told reporters that the election in Indiana was boiling down to a choice between crudeness and decency, ""a choice about our national character"" that Hoosiers could get right.

""I trust the good people of Indiana to differentiate,"" Cruz said. ""We are not a country built on hatred. We are not a country built on anger, built on pettiness. We are not a country built on bullying. We are not a country about selfishness. No country in the world has spilled more blood saving the lives of others than America. We are not a petty, bigoted, angry people. That is not America.""

Cruz said that after Vaughn Hillyard, an NBC News reporter, asked if the senator was referring to Trump when he called the election a chance to reject ""evil."" Cruz declined to put it that way; indeed, when he used the word at a Sunday night rally down the road, he was notably short on jabs at Trump. He did not even mention the mogul's rejection of ordinances that allowed transgender people in the bathrooms of their adopted sex, which had been a theme on the trail and in campaign ads.

""Do we get behind a campaign that is based on yelling, and screaming, and cursing, and insults?"" asked Cruz at the rally. ""Or do we unify behind a positive, optimistic, forward-looking conservative campaign?""

In Osceola, he asked parents to consider a future where the ""words coming out of the president's mouth would make you punish your child,"" instead of appealing to ""our better angels,"" a la Abraham Lincoln.

""Do you want to turn on the television, and see a president, Republican or Democrat, who embarrasses you?"" asked Cruz. ""Who would make you feel embarrassed if your children came and spoke the words uttered by the president? We've had presidents who've inspired us. FDR told us the only thing we have to fear is fear itself. John F. Kennedy said, ask not what your country can do for you, ask what you can do for your country.""

Asked if he had a path to the Republican nomination without Indiana, Cruz said ""absolutely,"" and suggested that the campaign was still in a position to surge back and win.

""The polls have been all over the place,"" said Cruz, referring to but not naming a Mike Downs Center for Politics poll that breaks the pattern of public polls favoring Trump. ""There has literally been a 30-point swing, depending on which poll you're looking at. We are neck and neck right now.""

From there, Cruz jumped on the phone to talk with an Indiana radio host. He excoriated media in ""Manhattan"" for saying that the primary was functionally over, and attacked Trump — but not over transgender bathrooms. Instead, he hit on a theme that the campaign found Friday, when Trump mystifyingly mentioned his endorsement from Mike Tyson.

""Mike Tyson is a convicted rapist who served three years in prison in Indiana for rape,"" Cruz said. ""I don't think rapists are tough guys. I think rapists are weaklings and bullies. We all know that bullies behave the way they do because they're scared.""",1
1759,The collapse of Rand Paul and the libertarian moment that never was,"The libertarian moment in American politics—foretold just last year in the New York Times magazine—is like the horizon; always retreating as we advance upon it.

The political events of 2015 are a brutal reminder about how far this country is from embracing libertarianism and how alien those ideas are even to the purported shock troops of the freedom movement. While libertarianism’s opponents can take heart, its champions are setting their cause back by pretending that all is well.

The collapse of the Rand Paul campaign speaks volumes. In a 15-person field, Paul is the only candidate who looks even remotely libertarian (social tolerance, foreign policy restraint, and limited government). He started the campaign with decent name recognition, a seat in the United States Senate, lavish media attention, a serious will to win, and a battle-tested, national political operation inherited from his father, Ron.

If there were any significant support for Libertarian ideas in the GOP—any at all—Rand Paul would be near the top of an otherwise crowded, fragmented field that is fighting over every non-libertarian voter in the party.

Yet he’s polling at a mere 1 percent among Republican voters nationwide and has a higher unfavorability rating than anyone else in the GOP race.

According to an August survey by the independent polling firm Eschelon Insights, far and away the most popular candidate nationwide among libertarian-inclined Republicans is Donald Trump, the least libertarian candidate in the race.

Libertarians who can’t stomach Trump scattered their support without any ideological rhyme or reason (11 percent for Marco Rubio and Jeb Bush, 9 percent for Ted Cruz and John Kasich, 8 percent for Carly Fiorina, 7 percent for Paul).

The secret of Trump’s appeal to Paul’s base is that a large segment of the “Ron Paul Revolution” leavened its libertarianism with a pony keg of crazy. Birthers, 9/11 Truthers, a wide assortment of conspiracy theorists (many of whom believe the Federal Reserve to be a modern manifestation of the Illuminati), and naked racists rivaled the number of reasonably sober libertarian-ish voters among the faithful.

Trump won their hearts by throwing even more crazy into the mix and stirring up a white, working class populism last given political life by George Wallace.

Paul let these voters down because he was disinclined to offer the distasteful dog whistles that his father traded for extremist support, much less the louder, baser appeals that are Trump’s stock-in-trade.

The second voter bloc Rand Paul hoped to bring into his camp—Tea Partiers—has likewise rejected the Kentucky Republican. That’s because there are few Libertarians there, either.

According to a survey conducted by the Public Religion Research Institute, more than half the Tea Party is made up of the religious right while only 26 percent—the smallest ideological bloc within the group—can be loosely described as Libertarian. And Tea Partiers have always manifested a large degree of nativist populism.

It should be no surprise, then, that the candidates doing best with Tea Partiers are Donald Trump (37 percent support), Ted Cruz (19 percent), and Ben Carson (14 percent).  Rand Paul?  Two percent.

Sure, one can argue that Paul has run a sub-par campaign and that a more adroit effort would have produced better results. But given the above, it is hard to argue, as some do, that Paul would have done better had he run as more of a libertarian.

If real libertarian votes were there for the taking, someone would have come along and done the harvesting.

If there was truly a $20 (electoral) bill lying on the sidewalk, it’s hard to believe that none of the other 14 starving candidates would bother to pick it up.

Yet this is precisely the narrative that the prophets of the Libertarian vote would have us believe: an epic political market failure.

There’s good reason that political professionals—those with the most to gain from an accurate reading of the political landscape—do not pander to the libertarian vote: It doesn’t exist.

The most thorough search for libertarian sentiment was conducted last year by the Pew Research Center. They asked 10,013 adults 23 questions about a variety of social and political issues and then used cluster analysis to sort respondents into homogeneous groups. Pew found that Americans who “resembled libertarians” form a group that is “too small to analyze”: no more than 5 percent of those surveyed.

It’s true that if we avoid asking people about concrete issues and instead ask general questions, we can (if we squint hard enough) see a great deal of latent libertarian sentiment out there.

It has been noted, for instance, that 59 percent of the American public is, broadly speaking, libertarian in that they answer “yes” to the question “Would you define yourself as fiscally conservative and socially liberal?” Political scientists and campaign strategists, however, almost universally dismiss self-identification and general sentiment surveys as functionally meaningless. Both academic investigation and hard-earned political experience tell us that attitudes about specific governmental programs are far more telling than asking people what labels or characterizations describe them best.

Libertarians, however, can take heart from the fact that political sentiment is moving their way in some areas. Gay rights, drug decriminalization, increasing outrage over heavy-handed police tactics, growing concern over an unjust legal system, disgust over crony capitalism, and opposition to military deployments abroad all suggest that libertarian arguments can have political force. But just because people buy libertarian arguments when it comes to civil liberties or foreign policy does not mean they are more likely to buy them on taxes, spending, or regulation. If they were, then Bernie Sanders Democrats would be Rand Paul Republicans.

Libertarians love to preach the virtues of markets. Yet in the “marketplace of ideas,” their bundled product has been regularly and thoroughly rejected for over a century.

Until libertarians acknowledge that market verdict and re-think either what they’re selling, how they’re selling it, or both, they will remain on the margins of American political life. And for friends of liberty, that would be a tragedy.

Jerry Taylor is the president of the Niskanen Center, a think tank in Washington, D.C. dedicated to the advancement of liberty and pragmatic policy solutions.",1
4635,Trump: Immigrants bring 'drugs ... crime' to U.S. from Mexico,"- Real estate mogul Donald Trump said during his presidential announcement that Mexican migrants to the U.S. are drug traffickers and rapists, as well as ""some ... good people."" ()",1
1699,"In rural America, a startling prospect: Voters Obama lost look to Sanders","Shelley Brannon, 62, can sum up the Obama presidency with three words. Well, three words and an exclamation.

“He screwed us,” said Brannon, a coal miner from Wise County, Va., as he sat outside a rally for the United Mine Workers of America. “Man, he screwed us.”

He shook his head under a camouflage hat that matched his camouflage UMWA T-shirt, and he described his fantasy of dumping nuclear waste in the yards of environmentalists, “if they think coal’s so bad.” He mulled over the mistake he says the UMWA made in 2008, when it endorsed Barack Obama over Hillary Rodham Clinton. Then he explained why he would probably be voting for Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) in the next Democratic primary.

“For one thing, he knows what union is, and he respects it,” Brannon said. “That’s all we need is respect. He’s just a likable fellow, trustworthy. I don’t think she has the same respect for the union, and she really shot herself in the foot over, you know, all that secretive stuff.”

West Virginia has rejected the Obama-era Democratic Party more dramatically than any other state outside the South, with Appalachian counties that voted for Michael Dukakis and Walter Mondale turning blood red over the past eight years. But if you think it’s in places like this where the insurgent Sanders campaign faces its most formidable test, here’s what he thinks: It is also one of his greatest opportunities.

The Vermont socialist believes that white, working-class voters — the sort of people Obama once self-defeatingly said “cling to guns or religion or antipathy toward people who aren’t like them” — are just one honest argument away from coming back.

“We have millions of working-class people who are voting for Republican candidates whose views are diametrically opposite to what voters want,” Sanders said in an interview. “How many think it’s a great idea that we have trade policies that lead to plants in West Virginia being shut down? How many think there should be massive cuts in Pell grants or in Social Security? In my opinion, not too many people.”

This state, one of the last to vote in the 2016 primary race, is supposed to be Clinton country. Seven years ago, in the 2008 primary, West Virginia Democrats gave Clinton a landslide victory over Obama. She won 69 percent of the white vote and did even better with voters who lacked a college education. A Democrat who improved a few points on Obama’s 39 percent of the national white vote in the 2012 general election would stroll into the White House.

Sanders, who has won elections only in a white, rural state, thinks his brand of bold democratic socialism can sell. He has never campaigned here, yet at Friday’s rally in Morgantown, miner after miner said they basically agreed with the former mayor of Burlington more than they agreed with Clinton. Several were aware that Sanders had walked picket lines, something that resonated as they packed a hotel ballroom to demand that Washington fully fund UMWA pensions. When the room quieted, a man recited a prayer against greed. “Lord, we know that Satan has those corporate thieves,” he said, “and they’re still trying to rob us.” Then a singer-songwriter started in:

It’s a long way to Wall Street from 12th and Main and the back roads of my home town.

There’s a new world order and times have changed, so they let these deals go down.

Sanders’s campaign theory may be that there’s a larger electorate hiding in plain sight. Over the summer, as he gained in polls, Sanders was criticized for bringing seemingly every issue back to the sediment of economics and class. Black Lives Matter activist Marissa Johnson dubbed it “class reductionism.” Clinton allies had trouble seeing how his support could grow beyond white liberals.

Sen. Joe Manchin III (D-W.Va.), who has endorsed Clinton, said Sanders has a weakness in West Virginia greater even than the socialist label: coal. Although the economics-first focus makes sense, Manchin said, Sanders’s support for every major Obama initiative on the environment makes his candidacy a “nonstarter” here.

“His environmental stance?” Manchin asked. “Oh, my, it would be awful.”

But Sanders believes that such naysayers are missing the weight of his cardinal argument — for greater economic fairness — and voters’ willingness to look past the other issues where they disagree.

He has won elections in Vermont, a white, rural, gun-owning state, as a socialist. The social-issue “distractions” bemoaned by red-state Democrats have seemed to bounce right off his armor. (He has taken mixed positions on gun control, supporting a ban on assault rifles, for instance, but opposing the Brady Bill.) In the end, is the white guy who voted for him in Vermont any different than the white guy in West Virginia or Kentucky or Ohio who was told to blame liberals for his problems?

[A key to the Southern vote lies centuries ago on another continent ]

“What I’ve found in Vermont and around the country is that we go to people and say, ‘Look, we do have differences,’ ” Sanders said. “ ‘I believe in gay marriage. I’m not going to change your view if you don’t. I believe climate change is absolutely real, and some of you do not. But how many of you think we should give hundreds of billions in tax breaks to the richest 1 percent?’ ”

Conservative Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Tex.) has made a similar argument — that his party can win, with no changes to its message, if more evangelical voters are inspired to come out. Bolstering Sanders’s case are his strong numbers in independent polls. A national Quinnipiac survey last month found him polling marginally better against leading Republican candidates than Clinton did. A Marquette University poll last week indicated that Sanders is running just as strong as Clinton in Wisconsin, home to some of the white voters who have abandoned the Democrats in off years.

Something similar may be happening in West Virginia. In Morgantown, home to West Virginia University, a 62-year-old activist named Andy Cockburn went to an early organizing meeting for Clinton and found only 10 other people. In July, more than 100 people packed a bar basement and started organizing for Sanders. Railing against oligarchies and “the 1 percent” means one thing in New York or San Francisco. It means more in West Virginia, where coal magnate Don Blankenship is standing trial and Patriot Coal is trying to spend most of a $22 million settlement for miners on its own attorneys. On Friday night, at the Democrats’ Jefferson-Jackson dinner in the state capital, Charleston, Bill Clinton echoed his wife and condemned Patriot.

But Sanders is the candidate with consistency on corporate greed — a fact that has helped him slow down some labor endorsements for Clinton. According to the New York Times, the International Association of Fire Fighters hit the pause button on its expected endorsement after too many local leaders blanched. On Saturday, Sanders lost the endorsement of the National Education Association but only after a similar protest made Clinton work for it.

The UMWA has never endorsed Clinton. In 2008, it went for the doomed campaign of John Edwards, switching to Obama only after he had basically sewn up the nomination. In 2012 it made no endorsement, in an avowed protest of the administration’s environmental regulations. This year, the union, with 32,354 of its 71,160 members based in West Virginia, is not yet close to a decision.

“What we’re going to do is base our decision on our future here,” UMWA President Cecil Roberts said in an interview — “whether we’re going to have health care, have pensions, have jobs for people in Appalachia.”

That question could vex Sanders just as much as Clinton. In his energy talking points, Sanders notes that he “introduced the gold standard for climate-change legislation with Sen. Barbara Boxer to tax carbon and methane emissions,” a résumé item that would be about as welcome in West Virginia as a University of Maryland Terps jersey. Asked what he would say to a coal miner who blames Environmental Protection Agency regulations for the loss of his job, Sanders said he could only be straight with him.

“What we have to say is, ‘Look, through no fault of your own, you’re working in an industry which is helping to cause climate change and in fact having a negative impact on the country and world,’ ” Sanders said. “What the government does have is an obligation to say: ‘We’ll protect you financially as we transition away from fossil fuel. We are going to create jobs in your community, extended unemployment benefits. If you lose your job to a trade deal, you get benefits for two years. You get job training.’ I would take that same approach to energy jobs that are lost because of the threat of climate change.”

Nothing about Sanders’s pitch is easy, but this piece is especially rough.

State Rep. Mike Caputo (D), a miner and a union member, said his brothers need jobs, not pity. In an interview at the UMWA office in Fairmont, he asked: “You can train a guy to be a truck driver, but what’s he going to haul? Coal miners don’t want unemployment. They want work.”

Still, on Thursday, at his farm in Grafton, Democratic former state legislator Mike Manypenny was firm that enthusiasm for Sanders is big and getting bigger. Manypenny, one of the many casualties of a 2014 Republican sweep, is running for Congress on the theory that the progressive politics he shares with Sanders — a living wage, the return of Glass-Steagall’s repealed restrictions on banks — are the way to break the conservative grip on voters’ imaginations.

“The problem last year was that everybody focused on getting the vote out from the historic Democratic voters,” he explained. “Those are the seniors — I don’t need to tell you that each year you lose a little more of them. This is something new. Barring anything happening in the Democratic debate, like Bernie stumbling badly, I don’t see anything changing the momentum. I think he wins.”",1
1735,Obama: Hillary Clinton’s Personal Email a Mistake but Didn’t Endanger U.S.,"President Barack Obama said former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton’s use of a personal email server was a mistake, but that U.S. national security hadn’t been endangered. In his first extensive remarks on the controversy that has roiled the Democratic presidential primary, Mr. Obama said on CBS’s “60 Minutes” program that questions about Mrs. Clinton’s email arrangement were legitimate. “It is important for her to answer these questions to the satisfaction of the American public,” Mr. Obama said.",1
2163,Who rules the world? America is no longer the obvious answer,"When we ask “who rules the world?” we commonly adopt the standard convention that the actors in world affairs are states, primarily the great powers, and we consider their decisions and the relations among them. That is not wrong. But we would do well to keep in mind that this level of abstraction can also be highly misleading.

States, of course, have complex internal structures, and the choices and decisions of the political leadership are heavily influenced by internal concentrations of power, while the general population is often marginalized. That is true even for the more democratic societies, and obviously for others. We cannot gain a realistic understanding of who rules the world while ignoring the “masters of mankind”, as Adam Smith called them: in his day, the merchants and manufacturers of England; in ours, multinational conglomerates, huge financial institutions, retail empires and the like.

Still following Smith, it is also wise to attend to the “vile maxim” to which the “masters of mankind” are dedicated: “All for ourselves and nothing for other people” – a doctrine known otherwise as bitter and incessant class war, often one-sided, much to the detriment of the people of the home country and the world.

In the contemporary global order, the institutions of the masters hold enormous power, not only in the international arena but also within their home states, on which they rely to protect their power and to provide economic support by a wide variety of means.

When we consider the role of the masters of mankind, we turn to such state policy priorities of the moment as the Trans-Pacific Partnership, one of the investor-rights agreements mislabeled “free-trade agreements” in propaganda and commentary. They are negotiated in secret, apart from the hundreds of corporate lawyers and lobbyists writing the crucial details. The intention is to have them adopted in good Stalinist style with “fast track” procedures designed to block discussion and allow only the choice of yes or no (hence yes).

The designers regularly do quite well, not surprisingly. People are incidental, with the consequences one might anticipate.

The neoliberal programs of the past generation have concentrated wealth and power in far fewer hands while undermining functioning democracy, but they have aroused opposition as well, most prominently in Latin America but also in the centers of global power.

The European Union (EU), one of the more promising developments of the post-world war II period, has been tottering because of the harsh effect of the policies of austerity during recession, condemned even by the economists of the International Monetary Fund (if not the IMF’s political actors).

Democracy has been undermined as decision-making shifted to the Brussels bureaucracy, with the northern banks casting their shadow over their proceedings.

Mainstream parties have been rapidly losing members to left and to right. The executive director of the Paris-based research group EuropaNova attributes the general disenchantment to “a mood of angry impotence as the real power to shape events largely shifted from national political leaders [who, in principle at least, are subject to democratic politics] to the market, the institutions of the European Union and corporations”, quite in accord with neoliberal doctrine.

Very similar processes are under way in the United States, for somewhat similar reasons, a matter of significance and concern not just for the country but, because of US power, for the world.

The rising opposition to the neoliberal assault highlights another crucial aspect of the standard convention: it sets aside the public, which often fails to accept the approved role of “spectators” (rather than “participants”) assigned to it in liberal democratic theory. Such disobedience has always been of concern to the dominant classes. Just keeping to American history, George Washington regarded the common people who formed the militias that he was to command as “an exceedingly dirty and nasty people [evincing] an unaccountable kind of stupidity in the lower class of these people”.

In Violent Politics, his masterful review of insurgencies from “the American insurgency” to contemporary Afghanistan and Iraq, William Polk concludes that General Washington “was so anxious to sideline [the fighters he despised] that he came close to losing the Revolution”. Indeed, he “might have actually done so” had France not massively intervened and “saved the Revolution”, which until then had been won by guerrillas – whom we would now call “terrorists” – while Washington’s British-style army “was defeated time after time and almost lost the war”.

A common feature of successful insurgencies, Polk records, is that once popular support dissolves after victory, the leadership suppresses the “dirty and nasty people” who actually won the war with guerrilla tactics and terror, for fear that they might challenge class privilege. The elites’ contempt for “the lower class of these people” has taken various forms throughout the years.

In recent times one expression of this contempt is the call for passivity and obedience (“moderation in democracy”) by liberal internationalists reacting to the dangerous democratizing effects of the popular movements of the 1960s.

Sometimes states do choose to follow public opinion, eliciting much fury in centers of power. One dramatic case was in 2003, when the Bush administration called on Turkey to join its invasion of Iraq.

Ninety-five percent of Turks opposed that course of action and, to the amazement and horror of Washington, the Turkish government adhered to their views. Turkey was bitterly condemned for this departure from responsible behavior. Deputy Secretary of Defense Paul Wolfowitz, designated by the press as the “idealist-in-chief” of the administration, berated the Turkish military for permitting the malfeasance of the government and demanded an apology. Unperturbed by these and innumerable other illustrations of our fabled “yearning for democracy”, respectable commentary continued to laud President George W Bush for his dedication to “democracy promotion”, or sometimes criticized him for his naivete in thinking that an outside power could impose its democratic yearnings on others.

The Turkish public was not alone. Global opposition to US-UK aggression was overwhelming. Support for Washington’s war plans scarcely reached 10% almost anywhere, according to international polls. Opposition sparked huge worldwide protests, in the United States as well, probably the first time in history that imperial aggression was strongly protested even before it was officially launched.

On the front page of the New York Times, journalist Patrick Tyler reported that “there may still be two superpowers on the planet: the United States and world public opinion”.

Unprecedented protest in the US was a manifestation of the opposition to aggression that began decades earlier in the condemnation of the US wars in Indochina, reaching a scale that was substantial and influential, even if far too late.

By 1967, when the antiwar movement was becoming a significant force, military historian and Vietnam specialist Bernard Fall warned that “Vietnam as a cultural and historic entity … is threatened with extinction … [as] the countryside literally dies under the blows of the largest military machine ever unleashed on an area of this size”.

But the antiwar movement did become a force that could not be ignored. Nor could it be ignored when Ronald Reagan came into office determined to launch an assault on Central America. His administration mimicked closely the steps John F Kennedy had taken 20 years earlier in launching the war against South Vietnam, but had to back off because of the kind of vigorous public protest that had been lacking in the early 1960s.

The assault was awful enough. The victims have yet to recover. But what happened to South Vietnam and later all of Indochina, where “the second superpower” imposed its impediments only much later in the conflict, was incomparably worse.

It is often argued that the enormous public opposition to the invasion of Iraq had no effect. That seems incorrect to me.

Again, the invasion was horrifying enough, and its aftermath is utterly grotesque. Nevertheless, it could have been far worse.

Vice-President Dick Cheney, secretary of defense Donald Rumsfeld, and the rest of Bush’s top officials could never even contemplate the sort of measures that President Kennedy and President Lyndon Johnson adopted 40 years earlier largely without protest.

There is far more to say, of course, about the factors in determining state policy that are put to the side when we adopt the standard convention that states are the actors in international affairs. But with such nontrivial caveats as these, let us nevertheless adopt the convention, at least as a first approximation to reality. Then the question of who rules the world leads at once to such concerns as China’s rise to power and its challenge to the US and “world order”, the new cold war simmering in eastern Europe, the global war on terror, American hegemony and American decline, and a range of similar considerations.

The challenges faced by western power at the outset of 2016 are usefully summarized within the conventional framework by Gideon Rachman, chief foreign-affairs columnist for the London Financial Times. He begins by reviewing the western picture of world order: “Ever since the end of the cold war, the overwhelming power of the US military has been the central fact of international politics.”

This is particularly crucial in three regions: east Asia, where “the US navy has become used to treating the Pacific as an ‘American lake’”; Europe, where Nato – meaning the United States, which “accounts for a staggering three-quarters of Nato’s military spending” – “guarantees the territorial integrity of its member states”; and the Middle East, where giant US naval and air bases “exist to reassure friends and to intimidate rivals”.

The problem of world order today, Rachman continues, is that “these security orders are now under challenge in all three regions” because of Russian intervention in Ukraine and Syria, and because of China turning its nearby seas from an American lake to “clearly contested water”.

The fundamental question of international relations, then, is whether the US should “accept that other major powers should have some kind of zone of influence in their neighborhoods”. Rachman thinks it should, for reasons of “diffusion of economic power around the world – combined with simple common sense”.

There are, to be sure, ways of looking at the world from different standpoints. But let us keep to these three regions, surely critically important ones.

Beginning with the “American lake”, some eyebrows might be raised over the report in mid-December 2015 that “an American B-52 bomber on a routine mission over the South China Sea unintentionally flew within two nautical miles of an artificial island built by China, senior defense officials said, exacerbating a hotly divisive issue for Washington and Beijing”.

Those familiar with the grim record of the 70 years of the nuclear weapons era will be all too aware that this is the kind of incident that has often come perilously close to igniting terminal nuclear war. One need not be a supporter of China’s provocative and aggressive actions in the South China Sea to notice that the incident did not involve a Chinese nuclear-capable bomber in the Caribbean, or off the coast of California, where China has no pretensions of establishing a “Chinese lake”. Luckily for the world.

Chinese leaders understand very well that their country’s maritime trade routes are ringed with hostile powers from Japan through the Malacca Straits and beyond, backed by overwhelming US military force. Accordingly, China is proceeding to expand westward with extensive investments and careful moves toward integration.

In part, these developments are within the framework of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization (SCO), which includes the central Asian states and Russia, and soon India and Pakistan with Iran as one of the observers – a status that was denied to the US, which was also called on to close all military bases in the region. China is constructing a modernized version of the old silk roads, with the intent not only of integrating the region under Chinese influence, but also of reaching Europe and the Middle Eastern oil-producing regions. It is pouring huge sums into creating an integrated Asian energy and commercial system, with extensive high-speed rail lines and pipelines.

One element of the program is a highway through some of the world’s tallest mountains to the new Chinese-developed port of Gwadar in Pakistan, which will protect oil shipments from potential US interference.

The program may also, China and Pakistan hope, spur industrial development in Pakistan, which the United States has not undertaken despite massive military aid, and might also provide an incentive for Pakistan to clamp down on domestic terrorism, a serious issue for China in western Xinjiang province. Gwadar will be part of China’s “string of pearls”, bases being constructed in the Indian Ocean for commercial purposes but potentially also for military use, with the expectation that China might someday be able to project power as far as the Persian Gulf for the first time in the modern era.

All of these moves remain immune to Washington’s overwhelming military power, short of annihilation by nuclear war, which would destroy the US as well.

In 2015, China also established the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB), with itself as the main shareholder. Fifty-six nations participated in the opening in Beijing in June, including US allies Australia, Britain and others which joined in defiance of Washington’s wishes. The US and Japan were absent.

Some analysts believe that the new bank might turn out to be a competitor to the Bretton Woods institutions (the IMF and the World Bank), in which the United States holds veto power. There are also some expectations that the SCO might eventually become a counterpart to Nato.

Turning to the second region, eastern Europe, there is a crisis brewing at the Nato-Russian border. It is no small matter.

In his illuminating and judicious scholarly study of the region, Frontline Ukraine: Crisis in the Borderlands, Richard Sakwa writes – all too plausibly – that the “Russo-Georgian war of August 2008 was in effect the first of the ‘wars to stop Nato enlargement’; the Ukraine crisis of 2014 is the second. It is not clear whether humanity would survive a third.”

The west sees Nato enlargement as benign. Not surprisingly, Russia, along with much of the Global South, has a different opinion, as do some prominent western voices. George Kennan warned early on that Nato enlargement is a “tragic mistake”, and he was joined by senior American statesmen in an open letter to the White House describing it as a “policy error of historic proportions”.

The present crisis has its origins in 1991, with the end of the cold war and the collapse of the Soviet Union. There were then two contrasting visions of a new security system and political economy in Eurasia. In Sakwa’s words, one vision was of a “‘Wider Europe’, with the EU at its heart but increasingly coterminous with the Euro-Atlantic security and political community; and on the other side there [was] the idea of ‘Greater Europe’, a vision of a continental Europe, stretching from Lisbon to Vladivostok, that has multiple centers, including Brussels, Moscow and Ankara, but with a common purpose in overcoming the divisions that have traditionally plagued the continent”.

Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev was the major proponent of Greater Europe, a concept that also had European roots in Gaullism and other initiatives. However, as Russia collapsed under the devastating market reforms of the 1990s, the vision faded, only to be renewed as Russia began to recover and seek a place on the world stage under Vladimir Putin who, along with his associate Dmitry Medvedev, has repeatedly “called for the geopolitical unification of all of ‘Greater Europe’ from Lisbon to Vladivostok, to create a genuine ‘strategic partnership’”.

These initiatives were “greeted with polite contempt”, Sakwa writes, regarded as “little more than a cover for the establishment of a ‘Greater Russia’ by stealth” and an effort to “drive a wedge” between North America and western Europe. Such concerns trace back to earlier cold war fears that Europe might become a “third force” independent of both the great and minor superpowers and moving toward closer links to the latter (as can be seen in Willy Brandt’s Ostpolitik and other initiatives).

The western response to Russia’s collapse was triumphalist. It was hailed as signaling “the end of history”, the final victory of western capitalist democracy, almost as if Russia were being instructed to revert to its pre-world war I status as a virtual economic colony of the west.

Nato enlargement began at once, in violation of verbal assurances to Gorbachev that Nato forces would not move “one inch to the east” after he agreed that a unified Germany could become a Nato member – a remarkable concession, in the light of history. That discussion kept to East Germany. The possibility that Nato might expand beyond Germany was not discussed with Gorbachev, even if privately considered.

Soon, Nato did begin to move beyond, right to the borders of Russia. The general mission of Nato was officially changed to a mandate to protect “crucial infrastructure” of the global energy system, sea lanes and pipelines, giving it a global area of operations. Furthermore, under a crucial western revision of the now widely heralded doctrine of “responsibility to protect”, sharply different from the official UN version, Nato may now also serve as an intervention force under US command.

Of particular concern to Russia are plans to expand Nato to Ukraine. These plans were articulated explicitly at the Bucharest Nato summit of April 2008, when Georgia and Ukraine were promised eventual membership in Nato. The wording was unambiguous: “Nato welcomes Ukraine’s and Georgia’s Euro-Atlantic aspirations for membership in Nato. We agreed today that these countries will become members of Nato.”

With the “Orange Revolution” victory of pro-western candidates in Ukraine in 2004, State Department representative Daniel Fried rushed there and “emphasized US support for Ukraine’s Nato and Euro-Atlantic aspirations”, as a WikiLeaks report revealed.

Russia’s concerns are easily understandable. They are outlined by international relations scholar John Mearsheimer in the leading US establishment journal, Foreign Affairs. He writes that “the taproot of the current crisis [over Ukraine] is Nato expansion and Washington’s commitment to move Ukraine out of Moscow’s orbit and integrate it into the west”, which Putin viewed as “a direct threat to Russia’s core interests”.

“Who can blame him?” Mearsheimer asks, pointing out that “Washington may not like Moscow’s position, but it should understand the logic behind it”. That should not be too difficult. After all, as everyone knows, “The United States does not tolerate distant great powers deploying military forces anywhere in the western hemisphere, much less on its borders.”

In fact, the US stand is far stronger. It does not tolerate what is officially called “successful defiance” of the Monroe Doctrine of 1823, which declared (but could not yet implement) US control of the hemisphere. And a small country that carries out such successful defiance may be subjected to “the terrors of the earth” and a crushing embargo – as happened to Cuba.

We need not ask how the United States would have reacted had the countries of Latin America joined the Warsaw Pact, with plans for Mexico and Canada to join as well. The merest hint of the first tentative steps in that direction would have been “terminated with extreme prejudice”, to adopt CIA lingo.

As in the case of China, one does not have to regard Putin’s moves and motives favorably to understand the logic behind them, nor to grasp the importance of understanding that logic instead of issuing imprecations against it. As in the case of China, a great deal is at stake, reaching as far – literally – as questions of survival.

Let us turn to the third region of major concern, the (largely) Islamic world, also the scene of the global war on terror (GWOT) that George W Bush declared in 2001 after the 9/11 terrorist attack. To be more accurate, re-declared.

The GWOT was declared by the Reagan administration when it took office, with fevered rhetoric about a “plague spread by depraved opponents of civilization itself” (as Reagan put it) and a “return to barbarism in the modern age” (the words of George Shultz, his secretary of state).

The original GWOT has been quietly removed from history. It very quickly turned into a murderous and destructive terrorist war afflicting Central America, southern Africa, and the Middle East, with grim repercussions to the present, even leading to condemnation of the United States by the World Court (which Washington dismissed). In any event, it is not the right story for history, so it is gone.

The success of the Bush-Obama version of GWOT can readily be evaluated on direct inspection. When the war was declared, the terrorist targets were confined to a small corner of tribal Afghanistan. They were protected by Afghans, who mostly disliked or despised them, under the tribal code of hospitality – which baffled Americans when poor peasants refused “to turn over Osama bin Laden for the, to them, astronomical sum of $25m”.

There are good reasons to believe that a well-constructed police action, or even serious diplomatic negotiations with the Taliban, might have placed those suspected of the 9/11 crimes in American hands for trial and sentencing. But such options were off the table. Instead, the reflexive choice was large-scale violence – not with the goal of overthrowing the Taliban (that came later) but to make clear US contempt for tentative Taliban offers of the possible extradition of bin Laden.

How serious these offers were we do not know, since the possibility of exploring them was never entertained. Or perhaps the US was just intent on “trying to show its muscle, score a victory and scare everyone in the world. They don’t care about the suffering of the Afghans or how many people we will lose”.

That was the judgment of the highly respected anti-Taliban leader Abdul Haq, one of the many oppositionists who condemned the American bombing campaign launched in October 2001 as “a big setback” for their efforts to overthrow the Taliban from within, a goal they considered within their reach.

His judgment is confirmed by Richard A Clarke, who was chairman of the Counterterrorism Security Group at the White House under President George W Bush when the plans to attack Afghanistan were made. As Clarke describes the meeting, when informed that the attack would violate international law, “the president yelled in the narrow conference room, ‘I don’t care what the international lawyers say, we are going to kick some ass.’” The attack was also bitterly opposed by the major aid organizations working in Afghanistan, who warned that millions were on the verge of starvation and that the consequences might be horrendous.

The consequences for poor Afghanistan years later need hardly be reviewed.

The next target of the sledgehammer was Iraq.

The US-UK invasion, utterly without credible pretext, is the major crime of the 21st century. The invasion led to the death of hundreds of thousands of people in a country where the civilian society had already been devastated by American and British sanctions that were regarded as “genocidal” by the two distinguished international diplomats who administered them, and resigned in protest for this reason. The invasion also generated millions of refugees, largely destroyed the country, and instigated a sectarian conflict that is now tearing apart Iraq and the entire region. It is an astonishing fact about our intellectual and moral culture that in informed and enlightened circles it can be called, blandly, “the liberation of Iraq”.

Pentagon and British Ministry of Defense polls found that only 3% of Iraqis regarded the US security role in their neighborhood as legitimate, less than 1% believed that “coalition” (US-UK) forces were good for their security, 80% opposed the presence of coalition forces in the country, and a majority supported attacks on coalition troops. Afghanistan has been destroyed beyond the possibility of reliable polling, but there are indications that something similar may be true there as well. Particularly in Iraq the United States suffered a severe defeat, abandoning its official war aims, and leaving the country under the influence of the sole victor, Iran.

The sledgehammer was also wielded elsewhere, notably in Libya, where the three traditional imperial powers (Britain, France and the US) procured security council resolution 1973 and instantly violated it, becoming the air force of the rebels.

The effect was to undercut the possibility of a peaceful, negotiated settlement; sharply increase casualties (by at least a factor of 10, according to political scientist Alan Kuperman); leave Libya in ruins, in the hands of warring militias; and, more recently, to provide the Islamic State with a base that it can use to spread terror beyond.

Quite sensible diplomatic proposals by the African Union, accepted in principle by Libya’s Muammar Gaddafi, were ignored by the imperial triumvirate, as Africa specialist Alex de Waal reviews. A huge flow of weapons and jihadis has spread terror and violence from west Africa (now the champion for terrorist murders) to the Levant, while the Nato attack also sent a flood of refugees from Africa to Europe.

Yet another triumph of “humanitarian intervention”, and, as the long and often ghastly record reveals, not an unusual one, going back to its modern origins four centuries ago.

This piece was first published on TomDispatch.com. This is part one of an overview essay from Noam Chomsky’s new book on American power and the world, Who Rules the World?",1
3885,Lawmakers seek deeper shake-up at Secret Service,"Two weeks after the Secret Service forced out four of its top officials, lawmakers are questioning whether the agency should have ousted one more — its influential second-in-command.

Members of Congress from both parties are concerned that by keeping in place Alvin “A.T.” Smith, the Secret Service stopped short of fully reforming upper management following a string of embarrassing security lapses, according to government officials familiar with the discussions.

Smith, as a top official for nearly a decade and the deputy director since 2012, has managed the agency’s day-to-day operations and was a key architect of its budgets and policies. He has overseen the departments responsible for the missteps and is now helping to engineer the agency’s overhaul.

Smith is the highest-ranking official to survive a series of management shake-ups that began in October with the resignation of Director Julia Pierson and continued this month with the ouster or retirement of six assistant directors.

The House Oversight and Government Reform Committee plans to invite Smith and acting director Joseph P. Clancy to appear at a February hearing focusing on the core reasons behind security breaches involving the White House and the president, according to people knowledgeable about the panel’s plans.

Committee members have heard from agency whistleblowers who have complained that Smith approved policy changes that they say weakened the agency, according to these people. Lawmakers have also quietly expressed concern to administration officials in recent days about Smith’s continued presence in the agency’s top leadership.

“I’m worried that A.T. Smith is part of the problem, not part of the solution,” said the committee’s chairman, Rep. Jason Chaffetz (R-Utah). “He seems to be in the middle of most of these really bad decisions.”

Smith and Clancy declined to comment. Secret Service spokesman Edwin Donovan also declined to discuss Smith’s role but said the deputy director has a “proven record of accomplishment and professionalism.”

The discussions regarding Smith’s role underscore a dilemma facing the Obama administration as it attempts to turn around the beleaguered protective agency: how to clean house in the upper ranks without losing the unusual expertise required for the highly specialized work of protecting the White House and national leaders.

Smith’s allies say that ousting the 28-year Secret Service veteran would strip the agency of the little remaining continuity and institutional knowledge remaining after the shake-up in leadership.

“He’s a pivotal peg in the foundation,” said Jon Adler, president of the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association. “If he gets pulled, I’m concerned there would be a need for a complete rebuild. We don’t have luxury for a rebuild, because the bad guys aren’t going to wait for us to do a complete overhaul.”

A reminder of the Secret Service’s continuing challenges came this week when an errant recreational drone evaded detection and crashed on the White House grounds. The device was not a threat, but the agency has studied the White House’s vulnerability to a drone attack for years and has yet to find a solution. This week’s incident came four months after a knife-wielding man was able to jump the White House fence and race into the front door and through much of the main floor — a humiliation for the Secret Service that exposed poor training and numerous breakdowns in communications and procedures.

Smith, 56, who started his law enforcement career as a Greenville, S.C., sheriff’s dispatcher and joined the Secret Service in 1986 as a special investigator in the Miami field office, knows the inner workings of the agency better than anyone, according to several current and former managers.

He also has made political connections as he has risen through the ranks, serving during the 1990s as head of the protective detail for then-first lady Hillary Rodham Clinton. Smith married President Bill Clinton’s cousin Catherine Cornelius in 2000, and Bill and Hillary Clinton attended the ­wedding at Foundry Methodist Church near the White House.

Smith has received a number of awards during his career, particularly related to his time heading the New York field office and managing major security events. New York agents applauded his steady hand in rebuilding the agency’s flagship field office after its headquarters at the World Trade Center was destroyed in the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks and one of its officers was killed.

The George W. Bush administration honored him with a merit award in 2004 for his handling of security at the Republican National Convention at New York’s Madison Square Garden. Smith received the Secretary’s Silver Medal from Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff for coordinating security for the 60th anniversary of the U.N. General Assembly in 2005, at the time the largest security event the agency had ever managed.

But Smith is also directly responsible for some of the decisions cited as contributing factors in recent security lapses, including the Sept. 19 fence-jumping incident and the failure of the security system at Vice President Biden’s Delaware home when shots were fired near the house this month.

Smith signed off on canceling academy classes for new recruits and regular training for officers, which resulted in the White House being guarded by a team of Secret Service officers who were stretched thin and often unsure of their specific duties in responding to an intruder. He also approved cutting back on funds meant to replace aging technology and alarms.

His management decisions came under scrutiny after he authorized a special operation in 2011 that diverted agents from a White House surveillance post to monitor the well-being of the Secret Service director’s administrative assistant, who was in a dispute with her neighbor.

The agency’s inspector general later concluded that “Operation Moonlight” was improper and represented a “serious lapse in judgment” in removing agents from a key post. Smith defended his actions, telling investigators that he felt it was appropriate for the Secret Service to be concerned about the welfare of a staffer, particularly one who held a White House pass and worked closely with the agency director.

Smith’s critics say he is one of the central architects of an insular management structure that has lost the trust of rank-and-file employees, according to interviews with more than a dozen current and former personnel.

Many inside were shocked that Smith was not forced out along with the top managers. “People were holding their breath for two months,” one veteran agent said. “Now they are wondering: Why is the core of the problem still there?”

A special panel appointed by the Department of Homeland Security recommended last month that the White House pick a new director from outside the Secret Service, describing the agency as “starved” for dynamic leaders with fresh ideas.

In recent weeks, Smith has provided close counsel to Clancy, who has said he is seeking to repair management problems and repair the battered image of a once-

revered agency.

Smith was involved in the recent departures of senior managers. And last week, he helped choose five new assistant directors to fill the new vacancies, almost all of whom served with Smith on previous assignments.",1
4856,Trump Threatens Lawsuit Against Slanted New York Times,"Donald Trump threatened to sue the New York Times — and went on a Twitter tirade slamming columnist Maureen Dowd as ""a neurotic dope"" after she alleged Trump appeared to like enjoy inciting violence at his rallies.

""My lawyers want to sue the failing @nytimes so badly for irresponsible intent. I said no (for now), but they are watching. Really disgusting,"" Trump tweeted on Saturday.

He suggested the newspaper was slanting its coverage to boost rival Hillary Clinton, saying the Democratic nominee was ""doing so badly"" that the Times is ""willing to say anything.""

He also lacerated Dowd, deriding her as ""crazy,"" ""wacky,"" and ""a neurotic dope,"" and tweeting that the columnist ""hardly knows me,"" but ""makes up things that I never said for her boring interviews and column.""

The attack followed Dowd's interview earlier Saturday on CNN, where she was promoting her new book. ""The Year of Voting Dangerously.""

""I told him that it was wrong that there was violence being incited at his rallies and that reporters were getting roughed up,"" Dowd told CNN. ""And he paused — you're right, he did listen — but then he disagreed and said he thought the violence added a frisson of excitement.""",1
960,Sanders launches late-stage bid to woo superdelegates,"Bernie Sanders’ campaign, buoyed by recent victories, is mounting a late-stage bid to court so-called superdelegates and wrangle just enough of the influential party insiders to close the gap with Hillary Clinton heading into the Democrats’ presidential convention.

Like essentially every other Sanders strategy at this point, it’s an uphill and longshot play.

Campaign officials acknowledged Monday that the Vermont senator, despite his weekend caucus sweep and other wins, cannot secure the nomination without moving the needle on superdelegates – who are elected officials and others free to support whomever they want.

Top Sanders adviser Tad Devine argued the delegate count will be so close that neither Clinton nor Sanders could win the nomination with pledged delegates alone.

So as the Sanders campaign continues to “compete and compete fully,” as Devine put it, in the remaining primaries and caucuses, the underdog team is looking to line up support from superdelegates who remain undecided or aligned with the front-running Clinton.

Devine said dozens of superdelegates have expressed support for the Vermont senator. He acknowledged delegates who are undecided – as opposed to those already backing Clinton – are the “best target.”

Campaign manager Jeff Weaver also suggested the number in the pro-Sanders camp is “higher than what’s publicly available” because others are “not ready to go public yet.”

The leaderboard right now still reflects a daunting road ahead for Sanders.

Clinton leads Sanders in the pledged-delegate race 1,243-975. That gap grows immensely when superdelegates are included; 469 currently support Clinton, while Sanders only has 29 in his corner.

It takes 2,383 total delegates to win the nomination.

Even as Sanders claims momentum out of his Western state victories this past weekend, the Clinton campaign is voicing confidence that the race could be over in a matter of weeks.

“We are going to get to the point where, at the end of April, there just is not enough real estate for him to overtake the commanding lead that we’ve built up,” Clinton pollster Joel Benenson told reporters, according to the Los Angeles Times.

Weaver, though, said the Sanders campaign is in regular contact with at least some of the roughly 200 still-available superdelegates, an effort that includes recently sending them a newsletter and having those committed to Sanders making calls to the undecided.

The campaign is not alone in such efforts. The remaining three GOP presidential candidates are in a furious, behind-the-scenes battle for delegates who -- more likely than for Democrats -- could decide the nominee at the July convention. They are eyeing both delegates who backed ex-candidates and those who could become unbound at a contested convention.

Front-runner Donald Trump on Tuesday named as his convention manager Paul Manafort, a political veteran who helped then-President Gerald Ford in his convention floor fight in 1976.

Ohio Gov. John Kasich has enlisted four veterans: Stu Spencer and Charlie Black, both Reagan advisers, and this week operatives Michael Biundo and Andrew Boucher, to win over delegates.

In addition, Texas Sen. Ted Cruz reportedly is going to the Colorado state convention next week, when a majority of the state’s delegates will be picked. And Trump is disputing the delegate allocation in Louisiana’s March 29 primary, where he reportedly could get fewer delegates than second-place finisher Cruz despite winning the state.

The Sanders campaign has a superdelegate point person, though it’s unclear how aggressive their wooing operation will be.

Sanders Press Secretary Symone Sanders told FoxNews.com on Tuesday the campaign has somebody on staff to keep in contact with superdelegates.

“But no, we don’t have anybody picking off folks,” she said.

On Monday, Sanders pollster Ben Tulchin said an “overwhelming preponderance” of polling data shows that his candidate would fare better in a general election than Clinton against any of the three GOP candidates.

“This is not a blip,” he said.

Tulchin also said Sanders is “very popular” among independent voters who are “absolutely critical for Democrats to win the White House in November.”

And he made clear that the polling details are targeted to more than just reporters and voters.

“These are things that superdelegates, quite frankly, have to consider quite seriously,” he said.",1
3488,Congressional Republicans declare Obama’s budget dead on arrival,"Republican members of Congress on Tuesday declared President Obama's $4 trillion budget plan to be a legislative nonstarter, as they decried new taxes it would require to pay for an ambitious slate of proposed programs.

""It's dead on arrival,"" said Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.).

Obama's plan, which includes calls for new early-education programs and free community college tuition, among other things, would require new tax revenue from the wealthy Americans and large corporations to fund the initiatives.

""There's no greater contrast than showing what this new American Congress is for and what the president supports. His new budget will give the federal government an 11 percent raise by taking more out of the economy in taxes,"" said House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.).

Addressing reporters at a Christian Science Monitor breakfast earlier Monday, Club for Growth president David McIntosh said: ""I think the president's proposal for essentially massive tax increases on corporate America is a nonstarter.""

Republicans, who control both chambers of Congress, are expected to unveil their own budget plans in the coming weeks.

""We believe in growing America's economy, not growing Washington,"" said McCarthy.",1
1091,"Opinion: Face it, Trump on course for nomination","Let's dispel once and for all with this fiction that Marco Rubio will be the 2016 Republican nominee. After a humiliating defeat on Mega Tuesday, he finally bailed out -- closing down his campaign with an emotional speech that begged Republicans not to ""surrender"" to anger and fear. They almost did: Donald Trump scored big victories across the country and added hugely to his delegate count. But John Kasich's victory in Ohio may have prevented his coronation. And so the baton is passed: we have a new contender for second place.

The exit polls told us a lot of what we've heard before. Trump appeals to the less well educated, the poorer and, often-times, the older voter. Kasich won Ohio by dominating among moderates and the upper-middle-class . It's tempting to dismiss his victory given that it came in his home state -- the political equivalent of getting a Valentine's Day card from your mother. But compared to the rout that Rubio suffered in Florida, it sounded like a ringing endorsement from party moderates desperate to find a new leader. And it came at just the right moment, too, given that Hillary Clinton all but sealed her nomination in the Democratic contest. The more certain her candidacy appears, the more that mature voices in the GOP have to do to ensure they have a winnable ticket.

But does Kasich, or anyone else, really stand a chance of beating Trump? There are three theories. One is that because he's been denied Ohio's 66 delegates, Trump suddenly has a really hard road ahead to win on the first ballot at the convention. In the coming primaries, the Republicans can beat him the way that a pride of lions kills an elephant -- in small bites that exhaust the beast until it gives in.

The problem with that approach is that it's going to tear the GOP apart. It means several months of bitter fighting, recriminations and -- at the end of it -- Trump could well go third party anyway. Meanwhile, Hillary will be mounting a media blitz against a GOP that seems unfit for government. Kasich, Cruz or AN Other could find themselves stealing a hollow crown.

Theory two is that Kasich winning Ohio is actually good for Trump because it keeps Kasich in the race. If Kasich had lost then the party could have rallied around Ted Cruz, tying up all of the dissident forces into one candidacy -- the stronger candidacy, too, because Cruz has shown an ability to win states other than his own. For a sense of how division has helped The Donald, look at the results in North Carolina and Missouri. There's a strong case for saying that Rubio and Kasich's small but significant showings denied both to Cruz.

Finally, theory No. 3 is that Trump still has the nomination in the bag despite losing Ohio. His performance elsewhere on Mega Tuesday may have been strong enough to cover the loss to Kasich in delegates. And while the coming calendar looks good for Kasich in some ways -- lots of northern states such as Pennsylvania and Wisconsin -- it still contains plenty of contests that favor Trump. Arizona, for instance, is next: 58 delegates in a state where the immigration issue dominates. Then there is the argument that Trump has built a moral case for the nomination by enjoying a string of victories, by pulling new people into the party and by seeing off so many big beasts. If the GOP rallied around an alternative and tried to deny Trump what seems rightfully his, the convention would surely be a bloodbath. (Perhaps even a literal one given the candidate's ability to draw violent protests). And who exactly would the alternative to Trump be? Clearly not Rubio, who admitted in his speech that it wasn't ""God's plan"" that he should be elected president in 2016. His crushing defeat represents a rejection of not just a man but an orthodoxy. Rubio was the most boilerplate Republican left in the race and the party is going to have to reckon with the fact that voters plainly do not want more war or illegal immigration -- but probably do want their entitlements and their jobs protected. In that sense, Trump really did secure his nomination on Tuesday. He has swept the South and the North and is now poised to take on the West. Even if the conspiracy of mathematicians denies him the actual, physical candidacy, he has changed his party for good. Or wrecked it, depending on your point of view.",1
2791,Kerry: Assad Must Go,"LONDON — U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said on Saturday Syria's President Bashar al-Assad has to go but the timing of his departure should be decided through negotiation.

 

 Speaking after talks with British Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond in London, Kerry called on Russia and Iran to use their influence over Assad to convince him to negotiate a political transition.

Kerry said the United States welcomed Russia's involvement in tackling the Islamic State (ISIS) in Syria but a worsening refugee crisis underscored the need to find a compromise that could also lead to political change in the country.

""We need to get to the negotiation. That is what we're looking for and we hope Russia and Iran, and any other countries with influence, will help to bring about that, because that's what is preventing this crisis from ending,"" said Kerry.

""We're prepared to negotiate. Is Assad prepared to negotiate, really negotiate? Is Russia prepared to bring him to the table?""

Russia's buildup at Syria's Latakia airbase has raised the possibility of air combat missions in Syrian airspace. Heavy Russian equipment, including tanks, helicopters and naval infantry forces, have been moved to Latakia, U.S. officials say.

Kerry said of Assad's removal: ""For the last year and a half we have said Assad has to go, but how long and what the modality is ...that's a decision that has to be made in the context of the Geneva process and negotiation.""

Kerry added: ""It doesn't have to be on day one or month one ... there is a process by which all the parties have to come together and reach an understanding of how this can best be achieved.""

Kerry said he did not have a specific time frame in mind for Assad to stay. ""I just know that the people of Syria have already spoken with their feet. They're leaving Syria.""

Hammond, who on Sept. 9 said Britain could accept Assad staying in place for a transition period, said Assad could not be part of Syria's long-term future ""but the modality and timing has to be part of a political solution that allows us to move forward.""

Hammond said the situation in Syria was now more complicated with Russia's increased military involvement in the country.

""Because of the Russian engagement the situation in Syria is becoming more complicated and we need to discuss this as part of a much bigger problem - the migration pressures, the humanitarian crisis in Syria as well as the need to defeat ISIL,"" he said.

Kerry and Hammond said they also discussed conflicts in Yemen, Libya and Ukraine.",1
1032,Trump would be least-popular major-party nominee in modern times,"If Donald Trump secures the Republican presidential nomination, he would start the general election campaign as the least-popular candidate to represent either party in modern times.

Three-quarters of women view him unfavorably. So do nearly two-thirds of independents, 80 percent of young adults, 85 percent of Hispanics and nearly half of Republicans and Republican-leaning independents.

Those findings, tallied from Washington Post-ABC News polling, fuel Trump’s overall 67 percent unfavorable rating — making Trump more disliked than any major-party nominee in the 32 years the survey has been tracking candidates.

Head-to-head matchups show Hillary Clinton, as well as her Democratic rival Bernie Sanders, leading Trump, often by double digits. Even his two remaining fellow GOP contenders this week backed away from earlier promises to support the eventual nominee.

And with each passing day, Trump makes moves that add further uncertainty to his ability to pivot to the general election. His defiant defense this week of his campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, who was charged with battery for yanking the arm of a female reporter, as well as Trump’s remarks Wednesday that women who get illegal abortions should be punished, might play well with his followers, but could further alienate the broader electorate.

“Normally, when you’re in a hole, the best advice is to stop digging. That doesn’t appear to be his inclination,” GOP strategist David Carney said. “It’s like taking a wagon full of nitroglycerine across the prairie. It’s great if you get to the mountains and blow them up for gold. But it’s pretty unpredictable.”

Peter Hart, a veteran Democratic pollster who has studied public impressions of Trump, said voters’ views of him are “exceptionally rancid.”

“In terms of any domestic personality that we have measured, we’ve never seen an individual with a higher negative,” Hart said.

Trump has drawn huge crowds and built a passionate base of supporters who have helped him amass a big delegate lead in the battle for the nomination.

But his success among a segment of the Republican electorate stands in contrast to his weaknesses in a general election decided by all voters.

In that broader context, his dismal standing by all traditional measures points to a big question underlying his nontraditional candidacy: whether Trump, as the GOP nominee, could leverage his celebrity persona and unusual appeal among disaffected voters in both parties to overcome his glaring disadvantages.

Trump’s unpopularity in the Post-ABC poll was driven in part by sharply negative ratings from Democrats and lukewarm Republicans. The greatest risk for his general election viability stems from the unusually poor ratings he gets from swing-voting independents and white college graduates.

A silver lining for Trump is that voters overall also feel antipathy for Clinton, the Democratic front-runner. The distaste for Clinton is not as strong as it is for Trump — 52 percent of voters see her unfavorably — but Clinton’s vulnerabilities, combined with Trump’s unpredictability, haunt many Democrats.

Guy Cecil, chief strategist for the pro-Clinton super PAC Priorities USA, urged Democrats to “postpone the ticker-tape parade,” warning that Trump is not as weak a general election candidate as the current atmosphere would suggest.

“I am skeptical of the polls showing such large leads, and it’s incumbent upon us to view this as a close race,” Cecil said. “He’s going to attempt to throw everything, including the kitchen sink and maybe the refrigerator and stove, at Hillary. And I would not be surprised if he changes his views on policy issues.”

Overcoming his hurdles likely would require either a massive influx of working-class white male voters — Trump’s base — or dramatic changes in his policies and presentation that might reverse the strongly negative views of him held by women and minorities.

Trump and his advisers say they have plans to accomplish both objectives. They say he can reverse his favorability ratings over time by framing the fall contest around issues on which they think Trump’s positions resonate powerfully across traditional demographics: the economy, trade and national security.

Since Trump is not tethered to any particular ideology, his test may be convincing voters that he is not a hostile force and is fit to be president, rather than persuading them to buy into a sweeping conservative ideological project.

The Trump team insists that the power of his personality and the potency of his planned attacks on Clinton would win him converts. And it is wagering that millions of working-class voters who for a generation have been politically dormant will rush to the polls and offset Trump’s sizable deficit with the ascendant electorate of women, minority and young voters.

“What you’ll find is across the board, in states like Pennsylvania or New York or New Jersey or Michigan, you’re going to have a bunch of blue-collar workers who have supported Trump in the past and will continue to do so,” Lewandowski said. “That broad appeal allows him to expand the electoral map.”

Concerned about his standing in the polls, Trump’s allies are offering advice about how to make up ground with important demographic groups.

Newt Gingrich, a former Republican House speaker who is unaffiliated but has informally counseled Trump on several occasions, suggested he campaign in black neighborhoods, send targeted messages on social media and embrace his outsider approach to government.

“Imagine Trump on the South Side of Chicago saying, ‘People shouldn’t be killed, schools ought to actually work, you ought to have jobs in your neighborhood and you know that Hillary can’t deliver any of those because she is the system,’ ” Gingrich said.

The shift from a primary fight to the general campaign would be Trump’s crucible, requiring him to communicate persuasively with an entirely different electorate than the primary voters he has courted for the past year.

Ben Carson, the retired neurosurgeon who endorsed Trump after dropping out of the Republican presidential race, said he has advised Trump to turn his attention to education reform and charter schools as a means of supplementing his core pitch on trade and immigration to grow his support with young and minority voters.

“Creating ladders of opportunity, such as school choice, is one way to do that,” Carson said. “He’s been very enthusiastic about that suggestion. He’ll have to follow through and get through to those kids and families who don’t feel like they’re getting the best possible education.”

There are stylistic changes Trump can make, as well, Carson said. “A little humility would go a tremendous distance, no question about it,” he said. “Hopefully, he will find that on his own.”

Frank Luntz, an unaligned GOP pollster, said Trump could erase at least some his deficit if he capitalizes on the fall debates and other events, noting that history is littered with examples of candidates doing just that.

“The big moments cause people to change,” Luntz said. “And let’s face it, we may have a moment outside of conventions and debates that’s even bigger. If you have a Paris or a Brussels on American soil, that can completely change the dynamic.”

It is a tall order, however, for Trump to undo the damage his rhetoric has already done to his image with the rising national electorate that includes Latinos, single mothers and millennials.

“Donald Trump’s whole message is somewhat backward looking,” said Kristen Soltis Anderson, a Republican pollster who wrote a book, “The Selfie Vote,” about these voters.

Referring to Trump’s slogan, she added: “ ‘Make America Great Again’ sounds like an attempt to turn back the clock to a time most young voters don’t remember.”

Pennsylvania, a Democrat-leaning battleground that Trump hopes to target, is a case study of Trump’s upside and downside. While he has picked up endorsements and blue-collar support in the state’s industrial regions, centrist Republicans from Philadelphia and its vote-rich suburbs have kept their distance. Trump needs to make inroads to win a state Republicans last carried in 1988.

“Ticket-splitting Republicans in the Philadelphia suburbs went for [President] Obama — and if they don’t feel comfortable with Trump, they could go for Clinton,” said G. Terry Madonna, a professor at Franklin & Marshall College, which conducts polling in Pennsylvania.

Madonna said that more than 120,000 voters statewide, mostly Democrats and independents, have switched their registration to Republican since January. But he cautioned against interpreting the moves as a Rust Belt tilt toward Trump.

“Even if these children of Reagan Democrats love his talk about manufacturing and American pride, he’s going to have to make sure he’s not losing the Republicans who are the heart of the party,” said John Brabender, a GOP strategist who has guided the political career of former senator Rick Santorum (R-Pa.). “That will require a campaign of surgical precision.”",1
4710,"Trump’s campaign wants to salvage his ground game. But an expert says ""the damage is done.""","Less than a month from Election Day, Donald Trump is behind by double digits in the polls. It’s clear his campaign needs to do everything it can to get out the vote.

It’s also clear that Trump does not have a normal campaign; it is small, apparently disorganized, and, compared with Hillary Clinton’s operation, woefully behind in conventional campaign tactics. Trump is notably lagging.

In September, his then newly appointed campaign manager Kellyanne Conway said it was her intention to overhaul the campaign’s ground game tactics. ""Mr. Trump is an unconventional candidate, but I have an appreciation for ... conventional tactics,"" Conway said, according to CNN. ""We've got to invest in the fundamentals. ... Do I wish these things had been done before? Sure. But we're trying to accelerate it, and not abandon it.""

But is it too late? Even if the Trump campaign has been building up his operation since September, it is irrefutable that Clinton’s campaign has invested more resources for much longer.

To ask, I called up Rasmus Kleis Nielsen, the director of research at the Reuters Institute for the Study of Journalism and the author of Ground Wars: Personalized Communication in Political Campaigns, a study of the resurgence of ground game in American politics. As the forms of political communication popular in the 1990s — like dominating the mainstream media and using political advertising — have become diluted, Nielsen makes the case that personalized political communication, with staffers and volunteers talking to voters on the ground, is an increasingly impactful arm of competitive political campaigns.

His insight on the 2016 election: Trump certainly didn’t do himself any favors by deprioritizing his ground game, and that could have adverse effects on the Republican Party in the future.

A lightly edited transcript of our conversation follows.

We have one candidate, Hillary Clinton, who is running close to a textbook campaign. Then you have Trump, who is only now, with his most recent hires in Kellyanne Conway and Stephen Bannon, building some ground game. It’s not nothing, but it’s still minuscule compared to Clinton’s operation. How unprecedented is this imbalance?

We have probably not seen this kind of imbalance since the ’70s. The closest historical analogy is the George McGovern/Nixon race — where you have one candidate who is clearly in the mainstream of his party and has the support of the conventional funders, activists, and the party organization, and you have another candidate [who] is a very polarizing figure with strong support from a subset of the party but whom many from the mainstream of the party regard with great skepticism.

I live in Europe now, and we have more experience in Europe than Americans with political candidates that are seen as extreme by much of the establishment but actually do much better with the electorate than worthy observers expect them to do. I think we have seen many of the same tendencies — that if people do not expect you to be very measured and controlled and on message all the time, they never expect that of you. Donald Trump’s campaign has understood that he is not held to those [campaign] standards, and that gives him room to maneuver. That is very, very different for Hillary Clinton.

In your writings about the history of ground game, you call this era the resurgence of the “ground war.” Does Donald Trump’s approach — focusing on media messaging — shift that trend back?

I don’t think [the resurgence] is shifting at all. If Hillary Clinton’s campaign were prioritizing other forms of campaign communication, that would really signify a large structural and pragmatic shift of how campaigns think about strategic communication. But Donald Trump’s campaign is as unusual as he is as a candidate. I think we know for sure that had the candidate from the Republican Party been Scott Walker or Jeb Bush, then the Republican Party would try to operate in the same way that the Hillary Clinton campaign is operating.

Fair enough. Does this punch any holes in how we think about how effective or imperative having a ground game is? There have been times this election cycle where you could argue Clinton wasn’t doing as well as she would like, even having such a robust ground operation.

Well, I would push back against that in two ways. A lot of political science work that would try to estimate the likely outcome of this presidential election on the basis of fundamentals — economic fundamentals, and what we know from history on the relative advantage of incumbency versus being a challenger — would actually suggest that this very well could be a Republican year. Compared to that baseline, Mr. Trump is not doing as well.

What is important to realize is that one can be competitive in many different ways. One way to be competitive is to do things by the book. Another way to be competitive is to offer something completely new that some people find attractive and seems to be the approach of Mr. Trump.

So is the point here that for Clinton, ground game is important, but Donald Trump doesn’t seem to need it?

I think there is no question that Donald Trump would be more competitive if they had a better ground game.

Let me frame this in another way. Past research says ground game can improve a candidate’s odds by 1 to 5 percentage points. Given the truly abnormal nature of this campaign, how would you go about studying the effects of ground game in this election?

The disadvantage of the Trump campaign is in its ability to turn out voters — we will only know after Election Day how significant that advantage is when we see the difference between the polls and the actual outcome.

You can think of turning out voters in two different ways: One is to say that you turn them out by making sure they do not forget, they are registered to vote, they send in their early ballots when possible, and on and on. All the things that ground operations are mostly focused on; the nuts and bolts of turning out the vote.

Another way to turn out your supporters is to ratchet up the intensity of the choice they face. If you can convince large parts of the public that this is a defining moment in political history and if you don’t get out and vote for your candidate, things will go very badly, that’s another way to turn out the vote. That doesn’t rely on a ground game, and it is relatively clear that the Trump campaign relied on the second version. It was message-driven and not driven by a ground game.

Personally, I think it is very unlikely that that alone will let the campaign realize its full potential. They are at a significant disadvantage — but we will only know in November.

Explain the case for investing in a ground game.

One thing that is a little bit overlooked is the extent to which building a good ground game relies on years of investment, in staff but also in technology: building voter databases and interfaces, and making them useful in the field. It’s just clear not only that the Democratic Party was ahead of the Republican Party in 2012 but also that the ability of the Republican Party to narrow that gap or to overcome that gap has been significantly undermined by the fact that the party nominee has not prioritized investing and catching up here.

One side of this question of campaigning is: Where do you place your bets, where do you invest your money, what is your messaging in terms of strategy and organization?

But you can’t buy this off the shelf. You can’t order a good database even if you have all the money in the world. You can’t just go to Amazon and buy a perfect voter file and the technology to put it to use. There is an important question of whether the Republican Party is falling even further behind in having an effective infrastructure for an effective ground game and a competitive ground game.

So when Kellyanne Conway admitted that the Trump campaign was behind in building a ground game, but that they weren’t going to give up, you’re saying the damage has been done.

The damage is done. You can’t unfurl a cutting-edge ground operation in such a short period of time. There is no question about that. That is simply impossible. You can always invest and always improve, but you can’t possibly put together the kind of operation or the kind of infrastructure that it would require to have a fully competitive organization.

The fundamental issue here is that when you think about American political parties, there is no centralized decision-making. The only time you have that is when you have an incumbent president who will run for reelection.

We saw this very clearly in the 2000s. George W. Bush’s presidential campaign in 2004 was the most sophisticated, well-organized, and professional campaign in a long time. It was an extraordinarily well-run and well-thought-through campaign in part because they knew who the candidate was going to be. They could fundraise. They could invest. They could collaborate with the state parties and other actors. Again, the 2012 Barack Obama campaign was a similar story: It was a very well-run and professionally organized and well-thought-through campaign in part because of the fact that they knew who was running and they could build the organization around that.

But if you are out of power and you don’t have a presumptive nominee, and then you have a primary process that leads to a candidate that then is regarded with some skepticism by many of the players you need to line up — but also if that candidate, in particular, himself does not chose to catch up — then it becomes very difficult.

You write that there is no evidence that supports the idea of a consistent decline of face-to-face communication in politics. That campaigns cannot rely on “the media” alone to do it. Donald Trump is relying on the media. How does that change the impact of ground game for Clinton?

That only increases the importance of a good ground game for the candidates that want to run a conventional campaign.

My fundamental argument in Ground Wars is that the modes of political communication that dominated in the 1990s were a heavy emphasis in controlling the mainstream media through spin and PR and heavy emphasis in television advertising focusing on voters who were unlikely to pay much attention to newspapers and television news. Those dominant forms of campaign communication became weaker, because fewer and fewer voters who could be persuaded could be reached through television advertising.

On one end, [there is] a sort of engagement strategy of using social media and digital media where you engage with your core supporters in a much closer and [more] direct way than in the past.

But most importantly, [there is] this investment in the much larger ground operation putting many more people — volunteers but also paid staffers — to work, and relying on much, much more sophisticated technology in terms of targeting those contacts.

Campaign advertising experts will say it is very hard to measure impact. Is it the same with ground game?

There is no question that longer-term persuasion is really difficult to actually measure. We know that any effect present at one point in time is very likely to decay over time. People will be cultivated through a lifetime of exposure. In many ways, it is very artificial too — each one of us is touched by hundreds of different messages every day of a political nature. Trying to isolate the effect of one individual message is almost too artificial to help us understand how any political communication works.

But ultimately, in some ways, ground game is a much simpler thing to understand, because it is less about persuasion and more about turnout. You have a very clear measure of whether people turn out or not, and you have direct data.

Persuasion is very hard to accomplish. Motivation and activation are demonstrably doable — in particular if you have personal contacts and in particular if you have motivated volunteers going door to door.",1
618,The Republicans’ November fantasy: A glance at the GOP’s swing state strategy ought to delight Democrats everywhere,"It’s generally understood that presidential elections are decided in the so-called swing states. Everything reduces to turnout. Which is why the ground game is so important: You can’t get people to the polls without a sophisticated voter targeting operation, and thousands of staffers and volunteers on the ground doing the dirty work. To the extent that that’s true, Republicans are in trouble.

A new Politico report confirms the GOP is way behind in all the states that matter. Because their nominee has no interest in data or analytics or infrastructure, the RNC is forced to shoulder the entire burden. By contrast, Clinton already has a political machine up and running in each of the swing states, and the DNC is coordinating with the campaign as it prepares to do the heavy lifting. Republicans, meanwhile, are hostage to the whims of their nominee. Trump doesn’t do retail politics, so the party has no choice but to rely on his personality and media presence. While Democrats are focused on organization and digital operations, Republicans are hoping Trump’s demagoguery will carry enough angry white men to the polls. “His job is to be Mr. Trump,” said Rob Gleason, who chairs the Pennsylvania Republican Party. “His appeal is very different than a normal politician…All he has to do is announce three days ahead of time he’s going to be somewhere and a huge crowd shows up.” I admire the optimism, but surely Mr. Gleason knows circus-like crowds won’t translate to election day turnout. Attracting people to spectacles is easy; getting them to the polls when it counts is not.

It’s scarcely a plan, but GOP operatives are saying (publicly, at least) that Trump’s cult of personality will energize disaffected blue collar workers in places like Michigan, Ohio, and Pennsylvania. And they assume that any anxieties about Trump’s blinding incompetence will be eclipsed by hatred of Clinton. Again, I admire the optimism, but this is wish-thinking, not a strategy.

Logistics aside, the poll numbers in the 11 or so swing states also portend trouble for Republicans. Currently, Clinton holds a 5-point overall advantage over Trump according to Politico’s polling average. She’s leading in 8 of the 11 individual states (including Florida and Ohio), and those numbers are likely to improve as Trump continues to unravel and the Democrats unite behind their nominee. It’s still early, but the numbers offer a snapshot of where the electorate is heading.

The national poll numbers tell the same story. A recent Bloomberg poll shows Clinton with a double-digit lead over Trump (49 percent to 37 percent), a noticeable spike since Clinton became the presumptive nominee. The gender gap is especially worrisome if you’re a Republican. 63 percent of women say they could never vote for the Republican nominee. Women represent a majority of voters – if 2 out of 3 won’t vote for Trump, the race is over before it begins. The groups that will decide the election, particularly in swing states, are also strongly opposed to Trump. Clinton is winning 57 percent of women, 58 percent of single voters, and 77 percent of non-whites. Trump is doing far better among white men, but that won’t compensate for his negatives among every other demographic. Besides, Trump’s appeal with white men is often overstated. As Bloomberg’s John McCormick pointed out, “White men are among Trump’s strongest demographics. But even there he’s not showing as much strength as the party’s last nominee, Mitt Romney, who beat Obama in 2012 by 62 percent to 35 percent among white men.” (Trump is currently at 50 percent). The closer you look at the numbers and the more obvious the organizational gap becomes, the harder it is to see a path to victory for Trump. He’s quickly confronting the limits of his amateurish, media-centric campaign. Anything is possible in November, but there’s no question that Republicans are comparatively disadvantaged. They’re led by an organizationally inept candidate who can’t appeal to women and non-whites and has proven himself incapable of compromise.",1
3774,‘Mentally Ill’ Officer: Give Me Back My Gun,"State trooper Michael Keyes was once involuntarily committed, which bars him from owning a gun. But with a clean bill of health, he’s now suing for his 2nd Amendment rights.

And the Pennsylvania state trooper knows how to use one: he carries several on duty, rotating between his Sig Sauer 227 handgun, a fully-automatic AR-15 and a Remington 870 shotgun. But while a very armed Keyes is trusted to serve and protect Pennsylvania, as soon as he clocks out, he is banned by state law from owning a gun for personal use.

At issue for Keyes are laws governing firearm ownership for the mentally ill—a rallying cause backed by practically everyone, including the National Rifle Association. But Keyes, along with his co-plaintiff in a new federal lawsuit, corrections officer Jonathan Yox, may now be the new poster boys for a contingent of gun rights advocates who argue mental illness provisions of the 1968 Gun Control Act (GCA) are too strict and infringe on the Second Amendment Rights of thousands of perfectly sane individuals.

Keyes and Yox have both been involuntarily committed to a mental institution, which in the eyes of both federal and state law, makes them forever dangerous to themselves and others—despite both men having since been cleared by mental health professionals.

For Keyes, it was a pair of bitter divorces that triggered depression, heavy drinking, threats of suicide, and an eventual two-week commitment.  Following that dark period, he fought for and won his reinstatement with the state police and has earned outstanding marks in performance reviews.

Since 2008, Keyes’ attempts to restore his rights for personal firearms use have been unsuccessful. Though a county court judge found Keyes to no longer be a threat to himself or others, he ruled there was no way to expunge his record or overcome the federal ban. State superior court judge Kate Ford Elliott echoed the lower court’s ruling in 2013, but went further. “The dangers inherent in the possession of firearms by the mentally ill are manifest,” she wrote, and even more so in the case of Keyes, “who was involuntarily committed and thus failed to recognize and act upon his own illness.” Further, she noted, “a present clean bill of mental health is no guarantee that a relapse is not possible.”

Yox was also hospitalized in 2006, twice by his parents when he was just 15 years old for an incident where he bought cocaine into school, and a brief period of depression that included cutting himself and a suicide pact with a girl.

After Yox’s release, he graduated from high school, joined the Army and served in Afghanistan, and now actively carries a firearm as a State Correctional Officer. In a 2012 mental health review, a psychologist found him to be a “pleasant...clean-cut, outgoing young man” with future goals and a strong support system. Though Yox was committed as a juvenile, his 2013 attempt to expunge his record—so that he could purchase a weapon for home defense and pursue a career in government—fell short. The judge in Yox’s case cited the Keyes ruling in his decision.

State laws vary widely in regard to how they restrict firearms for the mentally ill. Pennsylvania is one of 21 states that have accepted a court order or an involuntary commitment as a barrier to gun ownership, according to the National Conference of State Legislatures. Five other states, including California and Connecticut, include voluntary commitment in their bans—a move that gun rights advocates argue keeps gun owners who need professional help from seeking it.Reforming these blanket bans may just be an issue that even gun control groups can support.“There should be an process whereby people who’ve lost their rights to guns because of mental illness should be able to get them back, and we’ve supported that,” said Shira Goodman, Executive Director of gun violence prevention group, CeasfirePA. “But in part, I blame the gun lobby itself,” who she says has hijacked gun bills in Pennsylvania that addressed similar mental health issues. In 2013, Pennsylvania provided the FBI with 643,167 records representing people banned from purchasing firearms because of involuntary mental health commitments in the state.This new federal case is asking a judge to find that the mental illness disability does not exist for Keyes and Yox and that the absence of any method of relief is in violation of their Second Amendment rights. Still their attorney sees wider implications.

“This is going to be the first step in getting the Federal courts to address this type of situation,” said Keye’s attorney, Joshua Prince. “We have an individual, who we can show possess firearms without threat to himself or others and does so on a daily basis and the fact is, there is no reasonable basis for denying that person the ability to defend himself in his home.”",1
3585,Ukraine wants UN to label Russia as a sponsor of terrorism,"Ukraine wants the United Nations to brand Russia a terrorism sponsor amid bloody clashes between pro-Russian separatists and Ukrainian government troops.

The Ukrainian ambassador to the UN told Fox News he plans to submit a draft resolution asking the UN General Assembly to formally label “Russia as a sponsor of terrorism.""

Ambassador Yuriy Sergeyev gave no timetable for when he would present the resolution to the UN. He said government officials in Kiev are working on the text.

Sergeyev told Fox News the resolution will mirror the Ukrainian parliament’s declaration this week, designating the Moscow-backed separatists in East Ukraine as a terrorist group.

Kiev believes that by defining the separatists as terrorists it eliminates any notion that it would engage in peace talks with them.

Sergeyev warned of a “huge war” if the separatists take more territory or build a corridor to southern Ukraine’s Crimean Peninsula, which Russia annexed almost a year ago.

Ukraine and the West accuse Russia of backing the rebels with troops and weapons, which Russia denies.

Meanwhile, artillery fire killed at least 12 civilians in the main rebel stronghold of Donetsk on Friday amid fierce fighting between pro-Russia separatists and government troops as hopes for a break in hostilities were dashed when an attempt to call a new round of peace talks failed.

Five people were killed as they were waiting for humanitarian aid outside a community center and two people were killed in the same neighborhood when a mortar shell landed near a bus stop.

By the time an Associated Press journalist arrived at the community center, the bodies were taken away. Nearby trees were cut down by what could have been a projectile.

Five other people died Friday in sporadic artillery fire in the west of Donetsk.

Full-blown fighting between the Russian-backed separatists and government forces erupted anew earlier this month following a period of relative tranquility.

Fox News' Jonathan Wachtel and The Associated Press contributed to this report",1
459,Walmart is a cultural sickness: How the American workplace is enriching the wealthy — and destroying everyone else,"In his 2015 State of the Union address, President Obama spoke about important labor issues like unequal wages for women and a lack of paid sick and maternity leave. He called on Congress to pass legislation raising the minimum wage and requiring employers to guarantee at least seven days of sick time a year to their employees. He had to do this because, remarkably, nearly 40 percent of the American workers have no sick time at all, nor is there any requirement for their employers to provide any – a regressive distinction the United States shares with only two other countries, Papua New Guinea and Oman.

Hopefully these important issues will be brought to light as the 2016 presidential race heats up, especially with Bernie Sanders running. The anti-family nature of U.S. labor law should make it a logical target for any values-oriented crusader; but predictably, Republican politicians oppose reform. While hiding behind a defense of small businesses, the Republican agenda is really a handout to mega corporations.

Walmart, for instance, has been exposed for its discrimination against pregnant women, forcing them onto unpaid leave or firing them outright if they become unable to perform certain duties. In April 2014, activists and employees forced the company to modify its policy, allowing for a “reasonable accommodation” to be made for women with “a temporary disability caused by pregnancy.” This weak and ambiguous concession leaves women with healthy pregnancies in the lurch, even though they still may require modified job duties.

Congress could intervene and establish better protections for pregnant women, but it doesn’t. The 1978 Pregnancy Discrimination Act – the last such act passed on the federal level – is so feeble that a Walmart spokesperson in 2014 could truthfully say, “We’re proud of our new policy. It is best in class and goes well beyond federal and most state laws.” That reveals at least as much about federal and state laws as it does Walmart. The Waltons are among the wealthiest people on the globe, yet their business won’t guarantee American workers the fundamental dignity of having a child without fear of repercussion. And so it goes with workers’ rights across sectors of the economy.

In any moral society, this would be considered a crime. And in more advanced societies, Walmart is forced to grant their workers more rights, like unionization. Here, we’re dominated by politicians who argue the only crime would be if the state got involved at all.

Republicans scoff at emulation of the European model – which affords generous holiday, sick and paternal leave to workers – by pointing to Europe’s own unemployment epidemic and the fact that the American economy is recovering with almost all of its capitalist dogmas intact. Of course, what’s often left unsaid is that our rebound is being enjoyed overwhelmingly by only the wealthiest few. What value is a roaring economy to ordinary Americans who are overworked, overstressed, unable to spend time with their families, and not even reaping the financial benefits for their hardship?

Even office and white-collar workers, while generally receiving far greater benefits than low-wage retail and fast food workers, are woefully deprived when it comes to making room for their personal lives. Their hours are less rigidly documented and they are usually salaried, meaning they are more likely to be called on for unpaid overtime. They spend virtually their entire day in plywood boxes, a mentally stultifying way to invest one’s time. As more and more Americans live the sedentary, “professional” lifestyle, the disastrous health consequences of sitting around all day are becoming apparent.

There’s also a compelling argument, articulated brilliantly in a 2013 essay by author and activist David Graeber, that many white-collar and service sector jobs have no justifiable reason to exist. Says Graeber: “It’s as if someone were out there making up pointless jobs just for the sake of keeping us all working.” Professionals spend their days bounding from meeting to meeting and forwarding spreadsheets from one department to another. Customer service does little more than obfuscate information and bear the brunt of consumer rage. All this goes on with virtually no time off or flexibility, despite the economic and personally refreshing benefits of people controlling their own schedules. Working Americans passively accept that this is just life, but total conformity to the demands of a meaningless day job exacts a toll on their psyche and wastes the time and energy of skilled people who could otherwise be doing important work. These are not minor quibbles to be brushed aside with folksy idioms like “Nobody likes their job” and “That’s why they call it work”; this is a crippling cultural sickness. America is often heralded as a “great experiment,” but policy planners are at best unimaginative and at worst fiercely hostile when it comes to social experimentation. Nowhere is this more finely exemplified than in our work culture. You can make close to $100,000 in your first year working on Wall Street, but cap out around that much after a lifetime in social work. Say what you will about capitalism – it’s not a system that rewards work based on its social value. Our fixation on profit drives Americans into the “bullshit jobs” sector of the economy, leaving important work like fixing our crumbling infrastructure undone. A society that was truly full of big, bold ideas would not allow a fear of resembling socialism to prevent it from more meaningful planning. Lots of Americans can’t find work at all. Many of those who can work put in too many hours for too little reward. While our jobs erode our home lives and personal health, politicians defend abstract ideals of capitalism over the needs of real human beings. Pointless, even destructive work pays a great deal more than work that benefits society. To praise this as the greatest model in the world is about as delusional as anything the North Koreans believe. But there is a way to beat it. The super wealthy have engineered a system that works wonders for them and they aren’t going to let it go without a fight. If we ever want to have a system that works for the people, the people are going to have to build it. American workers and consumers must strike, protest, stand up for their rights as human beings and strengthen their local communities. We need to radicalize our economy – decide as a society the kind of work we really value and reward it accordingly. And we could all spend a lot more time creating, loving, sharing and relaxing.",1
3850,"Obama Has Hit The DGAF Portion Of His Presidency, And This Video Is Proof","President Barack Obama has officially hit the stage of his presidency where he does not give one f**k.

At least that's according to a video that played ahead of his speech at the 2015 White House Correspondents' Dinner on Saturday night.

After the video played, Obama said he was recently asked if he had anything left on his presidential bucket list.

""Well, I have something that rhymes with 'bucket list,'"" Obama said. ""Take executive action on immigration? Bucket. New climate regulations? Bucket, it's the right thing to do.""

Watch the video above, and see more from the dinner below:",1
1916,Hillary Clinton isn’t running unopposed. She’s just crushing the competition.,"Jonathan Bernstein and Reihan Salam have written two smart articles on the Democratic presidential primary — or lack thereof — that are best read in tandem. Bernstein's article is meant to explain why it looks like Democrats don't have a bench even though they do, and Salam's article is meant to show who's sitting on it.

Bernstein's argument is related to the ""invisible primary"" theory of presidential elections. Hillary Clinton, he says, ""has earned the support of the bulk of Democratic party actors, and gained the acquiescence of other Democrats who aren’t as enthusiastic about her."" The result is that the Democratic Party's ""perfectly viable other candidates either dropped out or never seriously considered the race.""

Perhaps a slightly clearer way to put it is this: in the invisible primary, when the contest is as much a draft as it is a campaign, Clinton is ""opposed"" by essentially every Democrat fit for the presidency. If the party's powerbrokers didn't want to support Clinton and instead really wanted Sen. Michael Bennet to run, or Gov. Andrew Cuomo to lead the field, they would be working toward that outcome. Instead, they're lining up behind Clinton. In this telling, Clinton isn't winning by default. She's winning by winning. The absence of competition is the product of Clinton's strong, successful campaign to win over Democratic Party elites.

Hillary's strength is evident in public polling, too. Gallup has a useful favorability-familiarity index, the upshot of which is that Clinton is both better known than anyone else in the race and viewed more favorably than almost anyone else in the race (Ben Carson is viewed very favorably too, but as he becomes better known among Democrats, my guess is that his negatives will rise quickly):

This is the context for Hillary's dominance on the Democratic side: she's in a much stronger position not just than any Democrat going into 2016, but also than any Republican. These are early polls and the numbers can and will change, but look where Clinton is compared to Jeb Bush or Scott Walker. That's a big deal to Democrats, and a big reason they're supporting her rather than looking for an alternative.

Salam offers a ""wish list of Democratic presidential contenders."" His list excludes possible candidates like ex-Maryland Governor Martin O'Malley or ex-Virginia Senator Jim Webb. Rather, it includes plausible candidates who seem to have no interest in becoming actual candidates.

""Any contest for the Democratic presidential nomination needs an earnest, nerdy liberal technocrat who appeals to the intelligentsia,"" writes Salam, and he nominates Sen. Ron Wyden, a favorite of wonks (and civil libertarians) everywhere:

Salam goes on to push Sen. Sherrod Brown as a liberal champion, ex-Massachusetts Governor Deval Patrick for his ability to speak to the post-Ferguson moment in the post-Obama Democratic Party, ex-New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg as the grave centrist, and Sen. Amy Klobuchar as a Midwest problem-solver.

The point isn't that any of these candidates will run. The point is that they could run, and they would be, in theory, at least as credible as a Scott Walker or a Jeb Bush. They may not seem like presidential contenders now, but as Bernstein writes, ""the way those solid politicians become Serious Presidential Candidates and not just random governors and senators — I'm talking here about folks such as Scott Walker, Marco Rubio, John Kasich and Bobby Jindal — is to start running, and visibly enough so the press notices. ""

Which is all to say that Bernstein is right: the Democratic Party has a bench. It's just that Clinton is running so strongly in the invisible primary that no one on it thinks it's worth getting in the game.

The question for the Democratic Party is whether Clinton is going to be as strong in the visible primary — and the visible election — as she is in the invisible one. The skills necessary to win over Democratic Party elites may not be the skills necessary to win the election — and if Hillary doesn't face serious opposition in the visible primary, Democrats may not find that out until too late.",1
4251,"Even before Super Tuesday, Clinton is thinking about a likely matchup with Trump","Hillary Clinton and her allies are shifting their attention to a likely general-election contest against Donald Trump that they expect to be strongly negative — and for which they are planning an intensive effort to draw out minority voters who feel ­demonized by the billionaire real estate mogul.

Clinton is still waging a hard-fought nomination battle against Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont — including 11 contests on Tuesday — and some Democrats supporting her are wary of looking too far over the horizon. But increasingly sure that Trump will win the Republican nomination, Clinton appears this week to be running a two-pronged campaign against both Sanders and an eventual Republican opponent who sounds a lot like Trump.

On Monday, for instance, Clinton lingered on what she called “scapegoating” and “finger-pointing” in the Republican race — clearly signaling her willingness to criticize Trump.

“The mean-spiritedness, the hateful rhetoric, the insults — that’s not who we are,” Clinton said in Springfield, Mass., a day ahead of the Super Tuesday voting that is expected to place her firmly in the lead for the Democratic nomination. “It really undermines our fabric as a nation.”

A Clinton-vs.-Trump general election would put the former secretary of state and first lady head to head with an unconventional candidate who has seized on a current of nationalist and anti-immigrant discontent. Trump has been talking about the general-election matchup for a while, predicting that he will defeat Clinton in unexpected places, including New York and such Rust Belt states as Michigan that Republicans haven’t won since the 1980s.

“People are going to be surprised,” he said Monday during a rally in Radford, Va., where he also took a few swings at Clinton.

“Honestly, she should not be allowed to run,” he said. But “Bernie Sanders is over, he took a big beating. Took a big beating.”

What became clear Monday is that Clinton and her surrogates are also preparing for a showdown with Trump.

Sen. Timothy M. Kaine (D-Va.), a Clinton supporter mentioned regularly as a potential vice presidential pick, came out swinging at an appearance in the Virginia suburbs of Washington on Monday, criticizing Trump for saying during a debate this month that the U.S. military is a “disaster.”

“That’s a quote. From a guy who wants to be commander in chief,” Kaine said. “I don’t want somebody who is the commander in chief to talk that way about 1.6 million young men and women who volunteer in a time of war to serve their country. I want a commander in chief who respects the military and their families and who will speak about them with gratitude, not contempt.”

Clinton’s campaign declined to speak on the record about a ­general-election contest against Trump, saying the focus is on the primaries. But a senior campaign aide who spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss campaign strategy did note that Clinton was the first candidate — Democratic or Republican — to criticize Trump directly over his comments about Mexican immigrants and, later, Syrian refugees.

[The GOP’s implosion over Donald Trump’s candidacy has arrived]

Several Clinton supporters said that if Trump is the GOP nominee, those comments are likely to be the focus of a major line of attack with the goal of boosting turnout among Latinos and other immigrant and minority voters who are turned off by Trump’s rhetoric. They said Trump is the Republicans’ own worst enemy in a general election, even as he holds mass appeal among white working- and ­middle-class voters likely to determine the party’s nomination.

And Clinton’s allies will have the resources to wage those attacks on the airwaves. At the beginning of February, Priorities USA Action, the largest super PAC supporting her, had nearly $45 million in its war chest and had spent a relatively modest amount — about $4 million — boosting Clinton in the primaries.

The super PAC plans to raise at least $200 million in the 2016 cycle, the lion’s share of it intended for the general election.

“It became clear by last summer that Donald Trump wasn’t going anywhere and this was a real campaign,” said Priorities USA spokesman Justin Barasky. “Our main focus has always been the general election.”

“Generally, we’re going to do everything we can to make sure she wins,” he added.

The crux of Clinton’s strategy, several allies said, would be to compare Trump’s immigration program to hers: a wall and a hard line on deportation vs. a path to citizenship and an emphasis on keeping families together. This construct has already been used by Clinton, as well as by surrogates in Nevada and Colorado, and Clinton allies envision it as a rallying cry for Hispanic support in the general election.

Clinton’s recent pitch to “break down every barrier,” for instance, is an implicit contrast to Trump’s promise to build a wall along the border with Mexico and to deport all 12 million immigrants living in the United States illegally. And her occasional appeal to bring more “love and kindness” into the political sphere appears to have Trump in mind.

“We don’t need to make America great,” Clinton said Saturday, playing on Trump’s signature promise after her big victory in South Carolina’s primary. “America has never stopped being great. We do need to make America whole again. Instead of building walls, we need to be tearing down barriers.”

Her campaign also plans to hold one or more huge rallies with Hispanic supporters, including elected leaders, entertainers and writers, said a Clinton donor familiar with her Hispanic outreach efforts. One such event could come before the Democratic convention in July and another after, the supporter said.

Already, Clinton has targeted Trump directly on Twitter and on the stump, usually over immigration and the threat to U.S. influence abroad from what she has called “loose talk.”

On Sunday, Clinton retweeted Sanders on the subject of Trump: “America’s first black president cannot and will not be succeeded by a hatemonger who refuses to condemn the KKK,” the message said. That was a reference to Trump’s refusal to disavow the support of former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke.

[Sanders says he’ll stay in until all 50 states have voted]

Trump claimed last year that Mexico exports “killers and rapists” to the United States, producing one of Clinton’s first and most pointed denunciations of him.

Latino voters are baffled by the rhetoric, and while few believe Trump could actually deport so many people or build the wall he promises, many are worried and offended, said Rep. Xavier Becerra (D-Calif.), chairman of the House Democratic Caucus and a Clinton supporter. Trump’s broadsides come in an election year when some Republican leaders had hoped to make a values-based appeal to Hispanic voters and improve the party’s image with the nation’s fastest-growing demographic.

A recent Washington Post-

Univision poll showed that 74 percent of Hispanic voters say Trump’s views on immigration are offensive. The poll found that 82 percent of Hispanic voters want the next president to support a path to citizenship for undocumented immigrants — and that 43 percent would not vote for a candidate who opposes such a policy.

Becerra predicts that a wave of new and motivated Hispanic voters will oppose Trump. “Donald Trump is building his own wall to keep Latinos from voting for him. It may be the only wall he builds,” he said.

Rep. Joaquin Castro (D-Tex.), a Clinton supporter, told MSNBC host Andrea Mitchell on Monday that Trump has turned the race “into a farce” and is energizing Hispanic voters to oppose him.

It has never been easier, Castro said, for him to persuade friends and associates to vote.

“When one candidate is saying you’re a murderer and a rapist, it’s kind of a no-brainer” that voters will prefer the alternative, Becerra joked.

Although Trump boasted Monday that he had done well among Hispanic voters in Nevada’s Republican caucuses and would continue to do well with that large and growing voter group, Democrats supporting Clinton say they are confident he could attract no more than about one in four Latino voters nationally.

At his rally in Radford, Trump said he believes there is more enthusiasm among Republican voters than among Democrats, pointing to voting totals in the South Carolina primary. Although Clinton’s victory there showed her enduring strength among black voters, lower turnout may bode ill for Clinton in the long haul, Trump suggested.

“I drew — the Republicans drew — so much more, so many more votes. Like double. And they went down because there’s no enthusiasm for Hillary. None,” Trump said. “We went way up because, whether people like me or not, there is enthusiasm on the Republican side. That I can tell you. There is enthusiasm. Big, big, big enthusiasm.”

Trump has perfectly captured the mood of the Republican base, said pollster Stanley Greenberg, who worked for former president Bill Clinton. Greenberg released findings Monday from a poll of likely GOP voters showing that immigration and cultural differences are main drivers for white, working-class Republicans.

“Why is it Donald Trump appears to be headed to be the Republican nominee? He understands the Republican electorate better than anyone else” this cycle, Greenberg told reporters.

But that understanding comes at the potential cost of alienating more than Hispanic voters in the general election, he said. Women, Catholics and moderate Republicans generally expressed worry about a Trump candidacy.

Greenberg’s survey of 800 likely Republican voters found that 20 percent of Republicans have not decided whether they would back Trump or Clinton in a head-to-head contest.

Meanwhile, although Clinton ­remains focused on the Democratic nomination, her campaign hopes that her outreach to Latinos in upcoming primary states will lay the groundwork for boosting turnout in the general election. She is favored Tuesday in Texas, where Hispanics are a sizable portion of the electorate.

In addition, the political arm of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus announced its support for Clinton on Monday.

Clinton is also looking past Super Tuesday to Florida, an important swing state and the next one on the primary calendar with a large and influential Hispanic population. Clinton is holding her Super Tuesday evening rally in Miami, where Trump and Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) also are scheduled to be that day. All are focused on the state’s March 15 primary.

Jose DelReal in Radford, Va., and Scott Clement contributed to this report.",1
