id,title,text,label
6012,Mexico minister says Trump team receptive in trade discussions,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexican Economy Minister Ildefonso Guajardo said on Thursday his talks in Washington D.C. with a key trade adviser to U.S. President Donald Trump over the future of bilateral commerce had shown the U.S. side was receptive to Mexico’s point of view. Guajardo told Mexican television he had held long talks with Trump trade adviser Peter Navarro on Wednesday on how the two countries should seek to modernize the NAFTA trade agreement sensibly, and how to avoid obstacles to free trade. The talks had shown the U.S. side was receptive to what Mexico had to say, Guajardo said.   ",1
6013,"In Trump era, Democrats and Republicans switch sides on states' rights","SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Five years ago, Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt, now President Donald Trump’s nominee for administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, sat in the front row as the U.S. Supreme Court debated the contentious Affordable Care Act. He was part of a coalition of Republican attorneys general fighting President Barack Obama’s health law - better known as Obamacare - based on a core party principle: that states’ rights trump federal powers, and that programs like Obamacare represent a radical overreach by the federal government. Now, as Trump looks to undo Obama’s legacy and begin constructing his own, Pruitt and other administration Republicans are showing little interest in protecting states’ rights. Instead, they are embracing sweeping new environmental, healthcare and immigration policies that are to be imposed on all states.  At the same time Democrats, who over the last half-century have zealously defended sacrosanct federal laws - such as the Civil Rights Act of 1964 that tackled segregation - against arguments that states should be allowed to chart their own way, are now making plans to employ some of those very states’ rights positions to fend off Trump administration policies they disagree with. “If (EPA nominee Pruitt) is going to argue states can go their own way, then certainly we should be allowed to make the exact same argument,” Hawaii Attorney General Douglas Chin, a Democrat who opposes Pruitt’s nomination, told Reuters. Pruitt’s office did not return repeated requests for comment. SPRAWLING FLIP-FLOP The two parties’ switching of sides is evident across a range of issues, including so-called sanctuary cities, the environment and healthcare. Sanctuary cities - an unofficial description of places where local law enforcement refuses to report undocumented immigrants to federal authorities - could be an early test, as Trump moves to beef up federal immigration policies. Trump threatened to cut federal funds for such cities on Wednesday, as part of an executive order clamping down on immigration..  Lawyers planning to challenge that action told Reuters they will base part of their legal argument on one successful approach Pruitt and his fellow attorneys general took against Obamacare in the Supreme Court in 2012.  In that case, the court held that federal authorities could not take away a state’s Medicaid funding for refusing to expand the program. Although they won that part of the case, Pruitt and his group failed to stop the national rollout of Obamacare. Immigration advocates hope the logic employed by the Supreme Court in that case will protect sanctuary cities against threatened funding cuts. However, Ken Cuccinelli, the former Republican attorney general of Virginia who launched the legal challenge to Obamacare, told Reuters he doubts courts will apply that ruling to protect sanctuary cities.  Still, Cuccinelli said the new political dynamic will expose Republican politicians who ran for office on a states’ rights platform because it fit their policy agenda, rather than because they were true believers.      “We may find out (which) folks were doing it for legal reasons and purely political reasons,” he said. Another early battle highlighting the reversal of positions on states’ versus federal rights is likely to be the environment. California, as its governor made clear in a speech on Tuesday, will fight any attempts to rein in the state’s sweeping environmental laws, which go far beyond federal mandates. During his confirmation hearings, Pruitt, on the other hand, refused to commit to keeping a decades-old federal waiver that allows California to set stricter emissions standards.  The debate over how power should be shared between states and the federal government goes back to the founding of the United States, when Federalists led by John Adams and Alexander Hamilton argued for a strong central government, while Thomas Jefferson’s Democratic-Republican Party saw states’ rights as a necessary check against tyranny. Jefferson’s faction eventually morphed into the Democratic Party, which backed states’ rights to allow slavery leading up to the Civil War of 1861-1865. The Democrats moved toward greater reliance on federal powers in the 20th century, as they fought battles over civil rights and regulating industry. Since then, the two parties have been fairly consistent in their stances, though on some issues they have occasionally swapped positions.     Tension between states’ rights and federal power played out time and again during Obama’s presidency, with states’ rights supporters achieving a mixed record.  Republican-led states challenged Obama’s Clean Power Plan as an example of federal overreach, in a case that is continuing. Republican state attorneys general, including Pruitt, successfully blocked an Obama executive order allowing work permits for millions of undocumented immigrants, known as Expanded DACA.     The Fifth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ultimately struck down the Expanded DACA policy, and an evenly divided U.S. Supreme Court let that ruling stand last year.     Harold Koh, a Yale Law School professor and a former adviser to Trump’s presidential challenger Hillary Clinton, said that even though he disagreed with the court’s reasoning in that case, it could now be used to at least slow down new Trump executive orders on immigration and beyond.     “The argument against DACA could come back to haunt them,” Koh said.     Embracing states’ rights could also end up haunting progressive groups during the next Democratic administration, whenever that might be, said Julia Wilson, chief executive of legal aid organization OneJustice.     “That is exactly what’s under conversation right now in the community,” she said. ",1
6014,Factbox: 70 years of the 'special relationship' between the United States and Britain," LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May will meet new U.S. President Donald Trump in Washington on Friday seeking to reinvigorate what London views as the two countries’ “special relationship”.  May, the first foreign leader to visit Trump, aims to forge closer ties with the United States as Britain leaves the European Union. She hopes to enjoy the same closeness with him that Margaret Thatcher had with Ronald Reagan in the 1980s.  “Unquestionably, this relationship has assumed way more importance than it might have had even a year ago,” said John Bew, a history and foreign policy professor at King’s College London. “Anglo-American relations are back in town in a big way.”  The history of the special relationship between the two countries has always been defined by personalities, Europe and security issues and has not always been easy.  The United States declared independence from Britain in 1776 but it was not until 1946 that Winston Churchill coined the term “special relationship” following World War Two.  The establishment of NATO in 1949 helped to deepen military ties but the alliance saw challenges in the early years of the Cold War.  In the 1956 Suez Crisis, when Britain attacked Egypt without informing the United States, U.S. President Dwight Eisenhower was incensed and pressured Prime Minister Anthony Eden to seek a peaceful solution, resulting in Eden’s resignation.  The episode was arguably the worst crisis of U.S.-UK relations in the 20th century but demonstrated to the British establishment its fading imperial power and the importance of collaboration with the United States in international affairs.  The relationship was tested again in 1962 when the administration of U.S. President John Kennedy unexpectedly canceled its Skybolt missile program, angering Britain, which had been set to use the missiles.  But, as with Suez, the resolution of the crisis deepened ties between the countries and contributed to the decision of France to block Britain’s accession into the European Community in the early 1960s.  The defining image of British and U.S. relations by the end of the Cold War was of Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher and President Ronald Reagan.  The grocers’ daughter and the Hollywood film star struck up a rapport on the basis of their shared commitment to small government, economic liberalism and anti-communism.  Even this relationship was subjected to strains, however. Thatcher was angered by the U.S. invasion of Grenada, a Commonwealth nation in 1983. In 2014 a recording of a phone call by Reagan, apologizing to Thatcher, was released.  WMDs  The special relationship was reinforced again with the co-operation of Prime Minister Tony Blair and President George W. Bush over the Iraq War.  Following the 9/11 attacks on the United States, Blair was keen to offer support to the United States. However, while the initial military action to depose Saddam Hussein as Iraq’s leader in 2003 achieved its aims, the war became drawn out.  The lack of weapons of mass destruction, which had provided a justification for the action, drew opposition on both sides of the Atlantic, with some describing Blair as a puppet of Bush.  While Blair’s close friendship with Bush - they famously shared their toothpaste - became a political issue for him, British leaders tended to see good relations with president Barack Obama as an asset.  Obama was popular in Britain and Prime Minister David Cameron was keen to portray their closeness, in contrast to the more awkward manner of his predecessor Gordon Brown.  Cameron high-fived Obama as they played table tennis during a visit to London in 2011, while Cameron ate hotdogs with the president as they took in a university basketball game in Ohio.  However, Obama’s comment in April 2016 that Britain would be “at the back of the queue” in trade talks should it vote to leave the EU also raised questions among Britons about the value of the relationship.  Tom Packer, research fellow at the Rothermere American Institute in Oxford University, believes that the pragmatic relationship of Bush and Blair may be a better guide to May and Trump’s relationship than Reagan and Thatcher.  “I think it can’t be like Ronald Reagan and Margaret Thatcher, because they shared an ideological vision, and also had important personal ties already,” Packer said.  “It could conceivably be like Bush and Blair, where people who share common objectives slowly become personally and in some ways ideologically close.”  ",1
6015,Senate Republicans signal strong support for SEC nominee Clayton,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The confirmation process for Republican President Donald Trump’s choice to chair the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission appears to be moving forward without any hiccups. Jay Clayton, a lawyer whose specialties include mergers and acquisitions, met privately with Senate Banking Committee Chairman Michael Crapo on Tuesday. They discussed the SEC’s role in facilitating capital formation and ways to reduce “unnecessary burdens” for small companies, Crapo said in a statement that he posted on Twitter. “Had a great conversation,” Crapo added. In recent days, he and other Senate Republicans have issued glowing statements about Clayton’s qualifications and plans to help companies raise capital. While Democrats will probably raise questions about Clayton’s ties to Wall Street at his confirmation hearing, they will not be able to block him without some support from Republicans. Clayton’s hearing has not yet been scheduled but could come as early as the week of Feb. 6, according to several people familiar with the committee’s plans.  Private meetings with senators are typically held in advance of confirmation hearings so that the lawmakers can get a chance to vet the candidate and ask questions. Last week, Clayton met with three other Republican lawmakers on the panel - Senators Richard Shelby of Alabama, Tom Cotton of Arkansas and Patrick Toomey of Pennsylvania.  He also met separately on Tuesday with Senator David Perdue of Georgia, who wrote on Twitter: “Jay knows capital formation. He wants to create a level playing field & make things fair and efficient. I fully support his nomination.” Clayton is expected to have one-on-one meetings with some of the panel’s Democrats sometime next week, according to one of the sources. Some Democrats on the committee, including Sherrod Brown, the committee’s senior Democrat and Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren, have already expressed reservations about Clayton because of his legal work at Sullivan & Cromwell representing major Wall Street clients such as Goldman Sachs Group Inc, where his wife works as a wealth manager. Before Clayton accepted Trump’s nomination, his family decided his wife would step down from her post at the investment bank if he is confirmed, one of the people familiar with the matter said. In the meantime, the SEC’s lone Republican commissioner, Michael Piwowar, is acting as chairman, according to people familiar with the matter. The SEC, typically a five-member commission, is down to two members until Clayton is confirmed.  ",1
6016,Mexican president 'regrets and disapproves' Trump push for wall,MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto said on Wednesday night that he “regrets and disapproves” the push by U.S. President Donald Trump to build a new wall along the U.S.-Mexico border. The new American leader issued an executive order earlier in the day aiming to speed the construction of the wall. Pena Nieto did not say whether or not he will attend a summit with Trump in Washington that the White House said would take place on Tuesday. ,1
6017,Trump says he will order 'safe zones' for Syria,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Wednesday he “will absolutely do safe zones in Syria” for refugees fleeing violence in the war-torn country. Saying Europe had made a tremendous mistake by admitting millions of refugees from Syria and other Middle Eastern trouble spots, Trump told ABC News in an interview: “I don’t want that to happen here.” “I’ll absolutely do safe zones in Syria for the people,” he added, without giving details. According to a document seen by Reuters on Wednesday, Trump is expected to order the Pentagon and the State Department in coming days to craft a plan for setting up the “safe zones,” a move that could risk escalation of U.S. military involvement in Syria’s civil war. The draft executive order awaiting Trump’s signature signaled the new administration was preparing a step that Trump’s predecessor, Barack Obama, long resisted, fearing the potential for being pulled deeper into the bloody conflict and the threat of clashes between U.S. and Russian warplanes over Syria. “The Secretary of State, in conjunction with the Secretary of Defense, is directed within 90 days of the date of this order to produce a plan to provide safe areas in Syria and in the surrounding region in which Syrian nationals displaced from their homeland can await firm settlement, such as repatriation or potential third-country resettlement,” the draft order said. Creation of safe zones could ratchet up U.S. military involvement in Syria and mark a major departure from Obama’s more cautious approach. Increased U.S. or allied air power would be required if Trump chooses to enforce “no fly” restrictions, and ground forces might also be needed to protect civilians in those areas.  Still, the document gave no details on what would constitute a safe zone, exactly where they might be set up and who would defend them. Jordan, Turkey and other neighboring countries already host millions of Syrian refugees. The Turkish government had long pressed Obama, without success, for creation of a no-fly zone in Syria on its border with Turkey. The draft raised the possibility of establishing those safe havens in neighboring countries but did not elaborate. Trump’s call for a plan for safe zones is part of a larger directive expected to be signed in coming days that includes a temporary ban on most refugees to the United States and a suspension of visas for citizens of Syria and six other Middle Eastern and African countries deemed to pose a terrorism threat. It represents a modified version of the blanket ban on Muslims entering the United States that Trump initially advocated on the campaign trail last year, sparking criticism from human rights groups and across the U.S. political spectrum. U.S. military officials had long warned that the creation of no-fly zones inside Syria would require a large number of additional resources beyond the fight against Islamic State and it would be difficult to ensure that jihadist insurgents did not infiltrate those areas amid the chaos of Syria’s civil war. Some Republican lawmakers have advocated the creation of such zones, especially to protect civilians fleeing the conflict against attacks by forces loyal to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. During and after the presidential campaign, Trump called for no-fly zones to harbor Syrian refugees as an alternative to allowing them into the United States. Trump accused the Obama administration of failing to properly screen Syrian immigrants  entering the United States to ensure they had no militant ties. Obama’s aides have insisted the vetting was meticulous and none of the Syrian refugees allowed in have been implicated in any attacks.  On the campaign trail, Trump gave no details as to how he might go about creating such havens, except to say that he would ask Gulf states to help pay. “All the questions of setting up a safe zone are still there,” a U.S. official said. “If you’re going to declare a safe zone, there’s a lot of other things” that would have to be analyzed and put in place before it becomes feasible. Among the biggest questions would be how to avoid confrontations with Russian forces in Syria helping keep Assad in power.   Under the broader executive order, which the draft document says is intended to “protect the American people from terrorist attacks by foreign nationals,” Trump would impose a 30-day suspension of the entry of immigrants from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. The temporary halt is aimed at giving the homeland security secretary, the secretary of state and the director of national intelligence enough time to determine what information is needed from each country to ensure visas are not issued to individuals that pose a national security threat, according to the draft. Countries that do not provide adequate information about their nationals will be required to do so within 60 days or risk being blocked from entering the United States. That would exclude diplomatic visas, NATO visas and visas for travel to the United Nations. It would also suspend the overall U.S. refugee program for 120 days so the government can study the process and determine if additional checks are necessary, but that could be waived on a case-by-case basis. It would completely stop refugee processing of Syrians until “I have determined that sufficient changes have been made” to the refugee program to ensure “its alignment with national interest,” the draft said. ",1
6018,Trump says he will 'absolutely do safe zones' in Syria,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said he “will absolutely do safe zones in Syria” to protect people fleeing violence there. “I’ll absolutely do safe zones in Syria for the people,” Trump said in an interview with ABC News broadcast on Wednesday. “I think that Europe has made a tremendous mistake by allowing these millions of people to go into Germany and various other countries,” he said. ",1
6019,Trump nominates businessman with Asia background as Navy secretary,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Wednesday nominated Philip Bilden, a former military intelligence officer and private equity executive with broad experience of Asia, particularly China, as the civilian head of the U.S. Navy. Trump has vowed to build up the U.S. Navy to 350 ships from the current 290, a move aides say is aimed at countering China’s rapid rise as a military power in the Asia-Pacific. The Trump administration on Monday raised the prospect of worsening tensions with China when it vowed to prevent Beijing from taking over territory in international waters in the South China Sea, something Chinese state media has warned would require Washington to “wage war.” Bilden emerged recently as a favorite for the position of Navy secretary over the early front-runner, former U.S. Representative Randy Forbes, a leading critic of China who chaired the House Armed Services Seapower Subcommittee. Bilden’s nomination, which must be confirmed by the U.S. Senate, follows that of another businessman, Vincent Viola, an Army veteran and founder of a high-speed trading firm, to be secretary of the Army. Neither Bilden or Viola has experience in government. A White House statement described Bilden as “a highly successful business leader, former Military Intelligence officer, and Naval War College cybersecurity leader.” It said he would “bring strategic leadership, investment discipline, and Asia-Pacific regional and cyber expertise to the Department of the Navy.” “Maintaining the strength, readiness, and capabilities of our maritime force is critical to our national security,” Bilden said in the White House statement.  “If confirmed, I will ensure that our Sailors and Marines have the resources they need to defend our interests around the globe and support our allies with commitment and capability.” Retired Admiral James Stavridis, a former NATO supreme commander, said Bilden was an excellent choice. “(He) is deeply knowledgeable about China, but I would not say he is close to China. Many times he has spoken to me about the need to take a firm line in the South China Sea,” he told Reuters. James Carafano, at the Heritage Foundation think tank said Bilden had a deep knowledge of cyber threats, “and understands the threat posed by rising naval powers such as China.” The administration statement said Bilden served in the U.S. Army Reserve as an intelligence officer from 1986 to 1996. He recently retired as a co-founding member of HarbourVest, a global private-equity firm having established its Asian presence in Hong Kong. He is a director of the U.S. Naval Academy Foundation and a trustee of the Naval War College Foundation, where he chairs the Center for Cyber Conflict Studies. ",1
6020,Trump says illegal migrants brought as children 'shouldn't be worried',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said that illegal immigrants brought to the United States as children, known as “dreamers,” should not be worried about deportation. “They shouldn’t be very worried,” Trump said in an interview broadcast on ABC News on Wednesday.  “I do have a big heart. We’re going to take care of everybody,” Trump said, adding: “Where you have great people that are here that have done a good job, they should be far less worried.” “We’ll be coming out with policy on that over the next period of four weeks,” he added. ",1
6021,Mexican official widens tax-dodge complaint against Trump,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - A Mexican official widened a tax evasion complaint against U.S. President Donald Trump on Wednesday, the same day the new American leader signed a decree to speed up construction of a border wall between the two countries. The complaint was originally filed in October alleging the Trump Organization and Los Angeles real estate firm Irongate did not pay federal taxes, or have proper building permits for an ultimately failed luxury condominium project in the Mexican border city of Tijuana. The complaint was broadened on Wednesday to allege Trump violated Mexican law by, as a foreigner, seeking to buy property within 31 miles (50 km) of the U.S. border to develop the Trump Ocean Resort Baja project, the official Jaime Martinez, who filed the complaint as a private citizen, told reporters. The filing was also expanded to question whether Trump was issued a visa in relation with the project, in compliance with Mexican immigration laws, Martinez said. Mexico’s attorney general’s office said it was investigating the complaint but did not provide further detail. “The truth is that he did not pay taxes, the truth is he did not pay for construction or land use in Tijuana... and all of this constitutes a series of criminal acts,” said Martinez, head of the federally-run Commission for Dialogue with Indigenous People of Mexico.  The press offices of the Trump Organization and the Trump administration did not immediately reply to emails seeking request for comment. Asked about the timing of the announcement, Martinez, a former member of Congress, said the complaint was widened in response to Trump’s “aggressive attitude” in signing an executive order to expedite construction of a wall along the 2,000 mile (3,220 km) U.S. southern border.  The Tijuana condominium project folded in 2009 and its failure led investors who lost millions of dollars to file a lawsuit against Trump in a U.S. court. In a 2012 interview with the Los Angeles Times, Trump said Irongate was to blame for the project’s demise and while he licensed his name to it, he was not involved in its building.  According to the expanded complaint seen on Wednesday, that lawsuit was settled in late 2013.  ",1
6022,"Rights advocates slam Trump plans on Muslim immigrants, refugees","NEW YORK (Reuters) - Immigrant and refugee advocates on Wednesday denounced White House plans to temporarily stop receiving refugees and suspend visas for people from seven Middle Eastern and North African countries, saying they target Muslims and will make America less safe. A draft executive order seen by Reuters that Trump is expected to sign in the coming days would block the entry of refugees from war-torn Syria and suspend the entry of any immigrants from Muslim-majority Middle Eastern and African countries Syria, Sudan, Somalia, Iraq, Iran, Libya and Yemen while permanent rules are studied.     Trump is also expected to order a multi-month ban on allowing refugees into the United States except for religious minorities escaping persecution, until more aggressive vetting is in place, said the aides and experts, who asked not to be identified. The administration’s aim is to head off Islamist violence in the United States, but critics say the measures soil America’s reputation as a welcoming place for immigrants of all kinds. “The president needs to know he’s an absolute fool for fostering this kind of hostility in his first few days. This will inflame violence against Americans around the world,” said Seth Kaper-Dale, a pastor at the Reformed Church of Highland Park, New Jersey, which he said helped resettle 28 refugee and asylum-seeking families in the state last year. Before his Nov. 8 election victory, Trump, a Republican, pledged to stop taking refugees from Syria and immigrants from countries deemed to pose a terrorism risk. “Muslims, we believe, are the sole targets of these orders,” said Nihad Awad, executive director of the Council on American-Islamic Relations, a Muslim civil rights group. “These orders are a disturbing confirmation of Islamophobic and un-American policy proposals made during the presidential election campaign,” Awad told a news conference in Washington.  During the campaign, Trump originally proposed a ban on all Muslims entering the country, a measure that almost certainly would have faced legal challenges for discrimination on the basis of religion. He later altered his stance to target countries known to be sources of terrorism. About 100 protesters gathered in New York City’s Washington Square Park chanting, “Say it loud, say it clear, refugees are here to stay.” They also blasted the Trump administration as “too male, too pale and too stale.” “We reject policies that turn their backs on those who have suffered,” U.S. Representative Nydia Velazquez, a New York City Democrat, shouted to protesters. ",1
6023,Trump's voter fraud probe could pave way for tougher voting rules,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s plans to investigate the possibility of voter fraud in the 2016 election could pave the way for tough voting rules including stringent ID requirements that Democrats and rights groups say would amount to a new assault on voting rights. Trump’s frequent and repeatedly refuted assertions of election fraud were a tacit endorsement of recent Republican-led state restrictions on access to the ballot, critics said, and could be an early sign of the administration’s support for changes in laws that could create new hurdles to voting. “If you look throughout history, these allegations of fraud have always been deployed as a justification for restricting access to the ballot,” said Dale Ho, director of the Voting Rights Project at the American Civil Liberties Union. Repeated studies have shown that voter fraud is exceptionally rare in U.S. elections and almost always the result of isolated mistakes, not a systematic attempt to cheat the system. Civil rights groups said Trump’s unfounded accusations that millions voted unlawfully in November could signal a broader Justice Department shift away from its approach under former Democratic President Barack Obama of challenging statewide voting laws that discriminate against minority voters. In a possible early sign of that shift, government lawyers asked just hours after Trump’s inauguration on Friday for a delay in a hearing on whether a voter identification law in Texas was intentionally discriminatory. The lawyers said they were seeking the delay because of the change of leadership. A new push in the Republican-controlled Congress for federal voting restrictions could include a national voter identification or proof-of-citizenship requirement, or a campaign to update and purge voter rolls or limit registration efforts, voting advocates said. While U.S. citizenship is required to vote in American elections, most states allow those wishing to register to simply sign a statement affirming they are citizens. Thirty-two states require some form of identification at the polls, the National Conference of State Legislatures said. Trump won the state-by-state Electoral College votes needed to secure the presidency but lost the popular vote to Democrat Hillary Clinton by nearly 3 million ballots in the Nov. 8 election. He has blamed that margin on millions of illegal voters casting ballots for Clinton. Announcing his “major investigation” into voter fraud on Twitter on Wednesday, he said it would cover “those registered to vote in two states, those who are illegal” and “those registered to vote who are dead (and many for a long time.)” “Depending on results, we will strengthen up voting procedures,” Trump said. While outdated voter registrations caused by people moving or dying are not uncommon, many state election officials regularly update their voter lists to keep them up to date and outdated registrations do not constitute fraud, rights advocates said. Trump’s statements could “serve as a dog whistle for voter suppression tactics to be implemented around the country,” said Kristen Clarke, president of the Lawyers’ Committee for Civil Rights Under Law, a Washington-based advocacy group. New voting restrictions were instituted in 17 Republican-led states after the 2012 election, including a photo identification requirement in Wisconsin, restrictions on mail-in ballot collection in Arizona and cutbacks to early voting in Ohio. Civil rights groups said the laws, which have been struck down by courts in some states, were aimed at poor and minority voters more likely to support Democrats. The National Association of Secretaries of State, which represents election officials in all 50 states including many Republicans, disputed Trump’s views on voter fraud. “We are not aware of any evidence that supports the voter fraud claims made by President Trump but we are open to learning more about the administration’s concerns,” the group said. Eleven states that passed new voting restrictions between the 2012 and 2016 general elections responded to questions from Reuters about the prevalence of voter fraud before and after their laws. None provided specific examples of voter fraud that necessitated the new laws, or of fraud attempts that were caught by the newly passed laws. But Tennessee, Alabama, Ohio and Texas said hundreds of reports of voter fraud had been received and investigated by state authorities in recent years. State election officials in Tennessee and Texas both said that “dozens” of voter fraud reports had resulted in prosecutions. John Merrill, Alabama’s Republican secretary of state, said investigating voter fraud was better left to local communities and states. “We don’t need the federal government to help until we realize there’s a problem that we can’t solve on our own or aren’t making an effort to solve on our own,” he said. White House spokesman Sean Spicer told reporters the voter fraud investigation would “look at the scope of the problem” before solutions were proposed. “Maybe its voter ID in states,” he said. “But I think we have to understand where the problem exists; how deep it goes; and then suggest some remedies to it.” Any federal effort to prosecute voter fraud would be headed by Trump’s attorney general nominee, Republican Senator Jeff Sessions, who has been criticized for his record on voting rights and race relations. A voter fraud case he prosecuted as a U.S. attorney in his home state of Alabama helped sink his confirmation as a federal judge in 1986. Trump has not always seen voter fraud in last year’s election results. His campaign attorneys opposed recount efforts in several states sought by Green Party candidate Jill Stein and argued in a legal filing that “all available evidence suggests that the 2016 general election was not tainted by fraud or mistake.” Spicer said the campaign was just talking about swing states where the election was fiercely contested, not the big states of California and New York where Clinton rolled up her popular vote margin. “We didn’t look at those two states in particular,” Spicer told reporters. ",1
6024,Trump may reinstate secret CIA 'black site' prisons: U.S. officials,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump may order a review that could lead to bringing back a CIA program for holding terrorism suspects in secret overseas “black site” prisons where interrogation techniques often condemned as torture were used, two U.S. officials said on Wednesday. The black sites were used to detain suspects captured in President George W. Bush’s “war on terrorism” after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks and were formally closed by former President Barack Obama. Any return to the Bush administration’s initial anti-terrorism tactics - including secret prisons and interrogation methods considered torture under international law - would likely alienate key U.S. allies in the fight against militant groups like al Qaeda and Islamic State. The officials said Trump is expected to sign an executive order in the next few days. It would call for a high-level review into “whether to reinitiate a program of interrogation of high-value alien terrorists to be operated outside the United States” and whether the CIA should run the facilities, according to a copy of the draft published by the Washington Post. Reuters could not independently verify the document. Trump administration spokesman Sean Spicer said the draft was not a White House document. The draft published by the Washington Post appeared to have sections missing, suggesting that it may not have been a full version ready for Trump to sign. U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said the Trump administration did not write the document. “My understanding is this was written by somebody who worked on the transition before who’s not in the Trump administration. This is not a product of the administration,” Ryan said in an interview with MSNBC.      Aides to Obama said during his tenure that his prohibition against torture and efforts to close the Guantanamo prison in Cuba helped increase counterterrorism cooperation from U.S. allies in the Arab world.           The now-defunct program’s practices dubbed enhanced interrogation techniques - which included simulated drowning, known as waterboarding - were criticized around the world and denounced by Obama and other senior U.S. officials as torture. The document ignited a bipartisan outcry in Congress. Many people in U.S. intelligence agencies and within the military are opposed to reopening the harsh interrogation program, according to multiple serving officers.  “The President can sign whatever executive orders he likes. But the law is the law. We are not bringing back torture in the United States of America,” Senator John McCain, a Republican who underwent torture as a prisoner of war in Vietnam, said in a statement.       The CIA black sites were located in Poland, Lithuania, Romania, Thailand and Afghanistan. In 2006, Bush ended the use of harsh interrogation techniques and closed all the black sites except for one in Kabul. Asked whether he wants waterboarding as president, Trump answered in an interview with ABC News: “I will rely on (CIA director Mike) Pompeo and (Defense Secretary James) Mattis and my group. And if they don’t want to do it, that’s fine. If they do want to do it, then I will work toward that end,” Trump said. “I want to do everything within the bounds of what we’re allowed to do if it’s legal. If they don’t want to do it, that’s fine. Do I feel it works? Absolutely I feel it works.” Mattis and Pompeo had not been aware such plans were in the works, according to a congressional source.  Trump’s draft order would authorize a review of interrogation techniques that U.S. officials could use on terrorism suspects, keep open the detention center at the U.S. naval base in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and send new prisoners there.  Trump’s draft also revokes directives by Obama to grant the International Committee of the Red Cross access to all detainees in U.S. custody and restrict interrogation methods to those in a U.S. Army field manual. Trump vowed during the 2016 election campaign to resume waterboarding and a “hell of a lot worse” because even if torture does not work, “they deserve it anyway.” He has said he wanted to keep Guantanamo open and “load it up with some bad dudes.” Of the 41 prisoners left at Guantanamo, 10 face charges in war-crimes proceedings known as military commissions, including Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, accused mastermind of the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks, and his alleged co-conspirators. Bush established the military commissions, which Obama later changed. The draft order said, “No person in the custody of the United States shall at any time be subjected to torture, or cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment, as proscribed by U.S. law.” It does not mention international laws to which the United States is a signatory that prohibit torture. Congress passed the National Defense Authorization Act in 2015, which reaffirmed a prohibition on torture and required U.S. interrogators to adhere to techniques in the Army field manual. However, the Justice Department under Trump could issue an interpretation of U.S. law that allows for the use of harsh interrogation techniques as occurred in the “torture memos” drafted under the Bush administration in 2002 and subsequently withdrawn.  Despite the killing of al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden during Obama’s presidency, the dramatic spread of groups like Islamic State has exacerbated the threat from violent Islamist organizations. In a statement accompanying the draft order, the administration criticizes Obama’s policies, saying, “The United States has refrained from exercising certain authorities critical to its defense.” But it acknowledges that the National Defense Authorization Act “provides a significant statutory barrier to the resumption of the CIA interrogation program.” Human rights groups decried any attempt to bring back the black sites.  “This is an extremely disturbing and outrageous attempt to open the door again to systematic torture and secret detention. This is the Trump administration making good on its most worrisome comments during the campaign,” said Naureen Shah, Amnesty International USA’s director of national security and human rights. Critics say a return to harsh interrogations would enflame tensions in Muslim countries and be counterproductive. In the draft document, references to the “global war on terrorism” were edited and replaced with the phrase “fight against radical Islamism,” reflecting language Trump often  uses.     A former senior U.S. intelligence official, who requested anonymity, said many CIA officers would oppose reinstatement of black site interrogations, in part because they were forced to obtain lawyers after the withdrawal of the Justice Department memos that legalized the harsh techniques. “People felt they were hung out to dry,” the former official said. “There is a lack of trust there.” Moreover, he said, it would be extremely difficult to persuade other governments to allow the CIA to establish secret prisons on their soil. “Where are you going to do this?” he asked. “How many countries are going to jump back into the U.S. lap? Trump’s order, if enacted, could put new CIA Director Pompeo in a tight spot given that his workforce, according to multiple serving officers, largely opposes reinstating the black sites program. It could also complicate the confirmation of Trump’s nominee for the job of director of national intelligence, former U.S. Senator Dan Coats. As a conservative Republican congressman from Kansas, Pompeo defended the CIA’s use of harsh interrogation techniques, arguing that they produced useful intelligence.  During his confirmation hearing for CIA director, he pledged he would “absolutely not” reinstate those methods. Yet in written responses to questions from Senate Intelligence Committee members, he appeared to leave the door open to restoring them. “If experts believed the current law was an impediment to gathering vital intelligence to protect the country, I would want to understand such impediments and whether any recommendations were appropriate for changing current law,” Pompeo wrote. ",1
6025,Trump's call for probe of voter fraud sparks backlash,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump said on Wednesday he would seek an investigation into what he believes was voter fraud in last  November’s election, despite an overwhelming consensus among state officials, election experts, and politicians that it is rare in the United States. The announcement drew rebukes from both Republicans and Democrats who said the Republican president’s unsubstantiated claims of large-scale fraud could undermine voting rights efforts as well as confidence in the new U.S. chief executive. In the Nov. 8 election, Trump lost the popular vote to Democrat Hillary Clinton by nearly 3 million ballots. Irked by that large figure, he has blamed voter fraud without citing evidence. “I will be asking for a major investigation into VOTER FRAUD, including those registered to vote in two states, those who are illegal and....even, those registered to vote who are dead (and many for a long time),” Trump said on Twitter. “Depending on results, we will strengthen up voting procedures!” In an interview with ABC News, Trump said none of the illegal votes would have been cast for him. “They would all be for the other side,” he said. White House press secretary Sean Spicer later told a news briefing that the probe would not focus on only the 2016 election. Three Democratic congressmen demanded proof of such fraud and sent a letter to election officials and attorneys general in all 50 U.S. states seeking examples of cases of fraud in November’s vote. Many of the state officials did not need prompting with election officers in several states rejecting Trump’s claims immediately.  “Easy to vote, hard to cheat #Ohio,” Ohio’s Republican secretary of state, Jon Husted, said in a Twitter post rebutting Trump’s claim that 3 million to 5 million illegal immigrants voted against him. “That’s impossible,” Democratic Secretary of State Alex Padilla of California said on CNN. There is no history of widespread voter fraud in U.S. elections. Leading Republicans, including the top Republican in Congress, House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan, have rejected the claims. Ryan, however, said in an interview Wednesday with MSNBC that if Trump believes there is widespread fraud “the right thing is to get an investigation to get the facts.” Trump won the state-by-state Electoral College tally that decides the presidency, but the historic popular vote gap and allegations of Russian meddling in the election on his behalf have led some to say his victory was not legitimate. Trump’s announcement that he will seek an investigation appeared to be prompted by a White House news briefing on Tuesday in which Spicer confirmed that the president continued to believe millions of illegal immigrants voted in the election.   Spicer initially said there was no investigation planned but changed tack after persistent questioning, saying “maybe we will ... anything is possible.” Federal investigations of voter fraud are rare. A five-year probe initiated by Republican President George W. Bush’s administration turned up no evidence of voter fraud and ended in resignations and more investigations for the Department of Justice which enforces federal voting rights laws. “Republicans have used claims of widespread voter fraud to discriminate and restrict access to the ballot box for years,” said Democratic U.S. Representative James Clyburn of South Carolina. Trump’s attorney general nominee, Republican Senator Jeff Sessions, has been criticized for his record on voting rights and race relations. A voter fraud case he prosecuted as a U.S. attorney in his home state of Alabama helped derail his confirmation as a federal judge in 1986. Voting rights experts at New York University’s Brennan Center for Justice urged Sessions to heed lessons of the past. “In 2007, the Justice Department was upended by scandal because it had pursued a partisan agenda on voting, under the guise of rooting out suspected ‘voter fraud,’” Adam Gitlin and Wendy Weiser wrote in a Jan. 7 report for the center. “DOJ political leadership fired seven well-respected U.S. attorneys, dismissing some top Republican prosecutors because they had refused to prosecute non-existent voter fraud,” they wrote. The firings scandal prompted the resignation of the attorney general, Alberto Gonzales, they said. Others expressed concern that Trump’s repetition of falsehoods, including the size of inauguration crowds as well as voter fraud, could undermine public confidence. U.S. Representative Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House intelligence committee, said Trump will need to be believed when he makes the case about a foreign threat and cannot reveal the intelligence behind it. “Our new president is doing deep damage to himself and to our country,” Schiff said on Wednesday at the Center for American Progress think tank. ",1
6026,"Factbox: Trump on Twitter (Jan 25) - ABC interview, voter fraud, Supreme Court pick",The following bullet points are from the U.S. President Donald Trump’s Twitter accounts (@realDonaldTrump and @POTUS). Reuters has not edited the tweets. @realDonaldTrump : -- Source link: bit.ly/2jpy49U; bit.ly/2jpEXYR ,1
6027,Investigation into voter fraud right thing to do: House Speaker Ryan,"(Reuters) - U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan said on Wednesday an investigation is the right thing to do to determine the facts after President Donald Trump said he would seek an investigation into what he believes was voter fraud in the November election. “I’m sure there is some fraud,” Ryan told MSNBC in an interview. “If he believes that there is a problem to be looked at, the right thing is to get an investigation to get the facts.” Ryan added that he had not seen evidence of “this kind of widespread numbers that we have been hearing about.”  ",1
6028,Health insurers quietly shape Obamacare replacement with fewer risks,"NEW YORK/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. health insurers are making their case to Republican lawmakers over how Americans sign up for individual insurance and pushing for other changes to shape the replacement of former President Barack Obama’s national healthcare law.  The health insurers, including Independence Blue Cross and Molina Healthcare Inc, are also recommending ways to put more control over insurance in the hands of states as the federal oversight of Obamacare is dismantled. They emphasize that it is crucial to keep government subsidies for low income people. These changes, described by executives, high level officials in the health insurance sector and lawmakers in nearly a dozen interviews with Reuters, include pushing for more strict enforcement of eligibility for these plans.  Because Republicans are just starting to work with the new Trump administration and the debate is fluid, it is not clear ultimately what changes will take hold. But some of these ideas have started to surface in early Republican legislation, such as a co-sponsored bill from Maine Senator Susan Collins that would keep subsidies.  The moves underscore that private insurers are quietly working on how to benefit under the Trump administration, which is focusing on deregulation in healthcare, energy and manufacturing. And they show that insurers want to save aspects of Obamacare individual plans, but cut down on the risk to their own bottom lines and any hikes in premiums that threaten the viability of this insurance market. This market for individual insurance covers about 10 million people and is small compared to the employer-based system that covers more than 160 million Americans and the government-paid programs for over 120 million people.  But it is one that insurers have described as having growth potential. While Obamacare cut the uninsured rate to 11 percent, there are still millions of uninsured Americans. The largest U.S. insurer UnitedHealth Group Inc told investors recently that it sees opportunities in new state-based markets and is talking to policymakers.  Many investors believe that the Republican deregulation push with Trump will benefit insurers. “Clearly they support the private insurers and the role that they are going to play in any sort of new market,” said Jeff Jonas, a portfolio manager at Gamco Investors in Rye, New York, which he said owns the publicly traded insurers. President Donald Trump campaigned on a promise to repeal Obama’s national healthcare law on his first day in office. He and Republicans have not presented an agreed upon replacement plan, but key issues they are expected to address include the law’s requirements for individuals to have insurance. Insurers’ main “ask” takes into account replacement plans under discussion in Congress, and largely assumes that government funds will continue to subsidize health benefits, at least for the next two to three years.  Daniel Hilferty, CEO of Independence Blue Cross in Pennsylvania, told Reuters that he advocated tightening the rules around signing up for insurance outside of the open enrollment period, and tight control of which third parties are allowed to pay premiums for patients.  Independence is part of a nationwide network of Blue Cross Blue Shield licensees such as Anthem Inc and has enrolled more than 300,000 consumers in individual plans.  Hilferty’s requests, echoed by other people in the industry who did not want to be named, are similar to demands the industry made of Obama. Enrollment outside of the regular period - and third-party groups that keep poorer, sicker patients in the private market by paying their premiums - has helped lead to hundreds of millions of dollars in losses for insurers and pushed three of the nation’s largest players out of the Obamacare market. In addition, Independence is also asking for a bigger role in signing up new customers who want to buy individual plans. Insurers sell plans both on the exchanges and off the exchanges, but subsidized plans are currently mostly sold on the government run HealthCare.gov and on state-run websites in a dozen states. “It would be really helpful if we in the industry played a more significant role in the actual enrollment process,” Hilferty said. Trump signed an executive order on Friday directing the federal government to scale back regulations, taxes and penalties related to the law. But the directive did not change the priorities outlined to Reuters by the insurers and industry sources, they said.   Insurers have built their list of top priorities assuming in part that Republicans will try to overturn the existing individual mandate, which requires Americans to pay a fee if they do not have insurance. A replacement plan would need to include some type of bonus to entice healthy people to get insurance.  That, they say, would be a step towards a good mix of sick and healthy people that will keep the plans profitable. Ideas include creating high-risk pools to keep the very sick in a separate market and offering low prices to the young and healthy.     Without a punishment for not buying insurance that is like the individual mandate, the market can’t survive, according to Dr. J. Mario Molina, Chief Executive Officer of Molina Healthcare Inc, a company that provides Medicaid for the poor and individual insurance plans on the exchanges.  “It probably needs to be a combination of both an incentive and a penalty,” Molina said.  Insurers also want to keep the cost-sharing subsidies that have made healthcare costs affordable for millions of people as well as the premium subsidies that help to reduce the monthly cost for people with low incomes. Those subsidies are part of a court case filed last year that is on hold.  “If it’s free or close to free, you are more likely to sign up in the absence of the mandate,” said Dan Mendelson, CEO of  Avalere Health, a research group and consultant that advises health insurers and is part of Inovalon Holdings. Insurers also want continued premium subsidies, skewed to keep up enrollment of younger people.  “I think if you don’t have the subsidies, then the whole thing falls apart,” said  Molina. ",1
6029,Speaker Ryan says 'black sites' document not from Trump,"(Reuters) - U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said on Wednesday the Trump administration did not write a document ordering a review that could bring back CIA the “black site” prison program. “My understanding is this was written by somebody who worked on the transition before who’s not in the Trump administration. This is not a product of the administration,” Ryan said in an interview with MSNBC.   The black sites were used to detain suspects captured in President George W. Bush’s “war on terrorism” after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks and were formally closed by President Barack Obama. ",1
6030,Trump to choose U.S. Supreme Court justice nominee on February 2,"WASHINGTON/PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Wednesday he will make his choice to fill the vacancy on the U.S. Supreme Court on Feb. 2 as he seeks to restore the conservative majority on the high court, prompting Republicans in Congress to warn Democrats against blocking the nominee. Three U.S. appeals court judges are among those under close consideration by Trump to fill the vacancy left by the death of conservative Justice Antonin Scalia nearly a year ago. Appointment as a Supreme Court justice requires Senate confirmation for the lifetime post. Trump’s fellow Republicans control the Senate with a 52-48 majority, but Democrats could try to block the nomination using procedural hurdles. John Thune, the third-ranking Senate Republican, warned that his party would not allow Trump’s nominee to languish. “We will fill that seat,” the South Dakota senator said in response to a reporter’s question on whether Republicans might scrap the procedural hurdle known as the “filibuster” if Democrats use it to block the nomination. Speaking on the opening day of a three-day retreat for Senate and House of Representatives Republicans in Philadelphia, Thune said that Republicans will have opportunities to consult with Democrats. He did not say how long that consultation process would be allowed to go on before potentially taking steps to end a standoff if Democrats erect barriers to the nomination. More than three years ago, when Democrats controlled the Senate, they used their majority to change Senate rules in order to ban filibusters against presidential nominees other than for the Supreme Court. The move came after Republicans blocked several key appointees by then-President Barack Obama. On Tuesday, Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer said he told Trump in the meeting that Democrats would fight any nominee they consider to be outside the mainstream. Trump is in position to name Scalia’s replacement because the Republican-led U.S. Senate last year refused to consider Obama’s nominee, appeals court judge Merrick Garland. The current front-runners include three conservative jurists who were appointed to the bench by Republican former President George W. Bush: Neil Gorsuch, a judge on the Denver-based 10th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals; Thomas Hardiman, who serves on the Philadelphia-based 3rd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals; and William Pryor, a judge on the Atlanta-based 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals. White House spokesman Sean Spicer told reporters at a daily briefing on Wednesday that he would not get ahead of Trump’s decision, noting that the president had listed about 20 candidates for the Supreme Court during his campaign. If not selected for the nation’s top court, some nominees could be contenders for the more than 100 vacancies on lower federal courts, he added. ",1
6031,Ryan says U.S. House will put up funds to build Mexico border wall: MSNBC interview,"(Reuters) - U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said on Wednesday the House would fund a wall President Donald Trump wants to build along the U.S.-Mexico border. “We’re going to pay for it and front the money up,” Ryan said in an interview with MSNBC when asked who is going to pay for the wall. “There are a lot of different ways of getting Mexico to contribute to doing this,” Ryan said.  ",1
6032,Trump vows federal intervention to quell Chicago gun violence,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump vowed on Tuesday to bring federal intervention to bear in Chicago to quell the “carnage” of gun violence plaguing America’s third-largest city unless local officials can curb the murder rate on their own. Trump appeared to be seizing on a story published by the Chicago Tribune on Monday reporting at least 228 people shot in the city so far this year, up 5.5 percent from the same period last January, with at least 42 homicides to date, an increase of 23.5 percent. A Chicago Police Department spokesman, Frank Giancamilli, disputed the Tribune’s numbers, saying there were 182 shootings in the city from Jan. 1 to Jan. 23, “which is exactly flat from last year.” He said homicides have numbered 38 year to date, compared with 33 for this time in 2016.   Still, the Tribune said its latest figures put the city on track to exceed last January’s 50 homicides, the most for that month in at least 16 years. Chicago’s homicide toll for 2016 as a whole reached 762 killings, the most in 20 years. “If Chicago doesn’t fix the horrible ‘carnage’ going on, 228 shootings in 2017 with 42 killings (up 24% from 2016), I will send in the Feds!” the president said in a Twitter post. It was not clear what Trump meant by “the Feds,” or what kind of unilateral government intervention he could order to address the issue. Chicago Police Superintendent Eddie Johnson responded by saying he was “more than willing to work” in partnership with U.S. law enforcement and to help “boost federal prosecution rates for gun crimes in Chicago.” Civil rights leader Rev. Jesse Jackson said in a Twitter post: “We need a plan, not a threat. We need jobs, not jails.” Urban violence, drug trafficking and poverty were recurring themes in Trump’s campaign appearances, and he periodically has cited Chicago as an example of rising inner city crime, which ticked up nationally in 2016 after a two-decade decline. Speaking in his inauguration address about drugs and crime that “have stolen too many lives,” Trump declared: “This American carnage stops right here and stops right now.” Chicago, with a population of 2.7 million, posted more shootings and homicides last year than any other U.S. city, according to FBI and Chicago police data, and its murder clearance rate, a measure of solved and closed cases, is one of the country’s lowest. On Jan. 2, Trump tweeted about Chicago’s effort to lower its  murder rate, saying: “If Mayor can’t do it he must ask for Federal help!” A spokesman for Mayor Rahm Emanuel, former chief of staff to Trump’s Democratic predecessor, Barack Obama, said then that the mayor welcomed the prospect of working with Trump and that the two men had previously spoken together on the issue. ",1
6033,White House pledges aid to help Chicago quell violence,"WASHINGTON/CHICAGO (Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s vow to “send in the Feds” if Chicago is unable to cut shootings and killings is a pledge to provide law enforcement or other federal assistance so that the city’s citizens will feel safe, the White House said on Wednesday. “We’ll hopefully get a dialogue started with Mayor (Rahm) Emanuel to try to figure out what a path forward can be so that we come up with a plan that can keep the people of Chicago safe,” said White House spokesman Sean Spicer. Emanuel told reporters that he has always welcomed federal help in Chicago and he would like to see the city’s partnership with federal law enforcement agencies like the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the Drug Enforcement Agency enhanced and strengthened.  “Chicago, like other cities right now that are dealing with gun violence, want the partnerships with federal law enforcement agencies in a more significant way,” Emanuel said.  Emanuel added that he was opposed to deployment of the National Guard, which he said would be counterproductive to reinvigorating community policing in the city, calling it “antithetical” to these efforts.   “The National Guard has nothing to do with public safety,” he said. The mayor, who noted Chicago is not alone in seeing spiking crime rates, said the problem must also be addressed with programs for after-school activities, summer jobs, and mentoring, as well the “certainty of sentencing” at the state and federal levels for gun crimes. Last year, the Midwest city of 2.7 million saw a surge of violence with 762 murders, an uptick of 57 percent from the previous year.  The mayor and Police Superintendent Eddie Johnson have said that those who commit shootings do not fear the repercussions due to lax sentences for gun offenders.    Trump has periodically cited Chicago’s violence as an example of rising inner city crime. Urban violence, drug trafficking and poverty were recurring themes in Trump’s campaign appearances.  (Story refiled to add missing letter to word “last” in paragraph 8) ",1
6034,Trump names Ohlhausen as acting chair of Federal Trade Commission,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Commissioner Maureen Ohlhausen, a Republican on the Federal Trade Commission, has been named the FTC’s acting chairman, the agency said on Wednesday. In addition to Ohlhausen, the commission has two Democrats, outgoing Chairwoman Edith Ramirez who steps down early next month and Democrat Terrell McSweeny. It has two vacancies. The appointment was made by a White House order, the FTC said on its website. “I am deeply honored that President Trump has asked me to serve as acting chairman of the FTC and to preserve America’s true engine of prosperity: a free, honest, and competitive marketplace,” Ohlhausen said in a statement. Ohlhausen became a commissioner in April 2012 with her term set to expire in 2018, according to the FTC website. The commission works with the Justice Department to enforce antitrust law and pursues companies involved in deceptive advertising as well as those accused of fraud. As a member of the Republican minority in the commission, she has often dissented, sometimes arguing that there was insufficient evidence to justify FTC action. In the past few days, she dissented on a $20 million settlement with the ride-hailing app Uber, which was accused of luring drivers with promises of inflated earnings, and the decision to sue Qualcomm for allegedly using its market power to maintain a monopoly on key semiconductors. Also this month, she dissented on the FTC’s decision to file lawsuits against two companies accused of striking deals aimed at delaying generic medicines from coming to market. Ohlhausen has also been skeptical of the Federal Communications Commission’s move to oversee aspects of security and privacy in the Internet, arguing the FTC should do the job. But she signed on to an FTC lawsuit against Wyndham Hotels for being sloppy in its treatment of consumer data. The chain suffered three data breaches in less than two years, and subsequently settled. She also voted against the FTC’s lawsuit to stop food distribution giant Sysco Corp from buying US Foods Inc, a fight the agency won in court. She voted in favor of the lawsuit to stop office supplies superstore Staples Inc from buying Office Depot Inc, which was also successful. Before becoming a commissioner, Ohlhausen was a partner at the law firm Wilkinson Barker Knauer, LLP. Ohlhausen has had a long list of posts at the FTC, including director of the Office on Policy Planning and attorney adviser for a former commissioner.     ",1
6035,Trump preparing executive orders to reduce U.S. role in U.N.: NY Times,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Trump administration is preparing executive orders that would clear the way to drastically reduce the U.S. role in the United Nations and other international organizations, the New York Times reported on Wednesday. The executive orders would also begin a process to review and potentially abrogate certain forms of multilateral treaties, the Times reported, citing unnamed officials. ",1
6036,Trump says waterboarding 'works' but will defer to Cabinet: ABC interview,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump, asked about the practice of waterboarding as an intelligence-gathering tool, said: “Absolutely I feel it works,” but added he would defer to his Cabinet on whether to use it. Trump told ABC in an interview to be broadcast later on Wednesday he would rely on the advice of CIA Director Mike Pompeo and U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis, among others, about using the illegal technique. “And if they don’t want to do it, that’s fine. If they do want to do it then I will work toward that end. I want to do everything within the bounds of what we’re allowed to do if it’s legal ... Do I feel it works? Absolutely I feel it works.” Trump’s predecessor, Barack Obama, signed an executive order in 2009 banning waterboarding - a form of simulated drowning - and other Enhanced Interrogation Techniques, which are denounced by many lawmakers and rights groups as torture. ",1
6037,U.S. lawmakers want documents on Russia election probe,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The House of Representatives Intelligence Committee called on the Trump administration on Wednesday to provide them with what they expect will be thousands of documents related to the investigation of Russian efforts to influence the 2016 election. The request may be an effort to avoid a repeat of an unusual document access arrangement made between the Senate Intelligence Committee and CIA to review information related to enhanced interrogation techniques at secret overseas “black site” prisons during the George W. Bush administration. Under that arrangement, Senate investigators were limited to reviewing documents on a shared computer network set up at a Central Intelligence Agency facility, which later led to accusations the agency had spied on the work of congressional staffers. “It will not be adequate to review these documents, expected to be in the thousands of pages, at the agencies. They should be delivered to the House Intelligence Committee to provide members adequate time to examine their content,” Representatives Devin Nunes, the committee’s Republican chairman, and Adam Schiff, its top Democrat, said in a joint statement.     They said they expect “prompt” responses to requests for documents. U.S. intelligence agencies contend that Moscow waged a multifaceted campaign of hacking and other actions to boost Republican President Donald Trump’s election chances against Democrat Hillary Clinton last year. Trump has worried lawmakers, mostly Democrats but also some Republicans, by dismissing such claims and criticizing intelligence agencies for raising them. They have demanded special committees to investigate, but Republican congressional leaders said they would leave that work to existing committees. Trump’s fellow Republicans control majorities in both the Senate and House. The leaders of the Senate Intelligence Committee, Republican Richard Burr and Democrat Mark Warner, issued a statement late on Tuesday saying their committee was also moving forward with its investigation. Moscow has repeatedly denied any attempt to help Trump win. ",1
6038,U.S. Senate confirms Haley as Trump's U.N. ambassador,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate voted almost unanimously on Tuesday to confirm South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley as ambassador to the United Nations, sending a rising Republican star to represent President Donald Trump at an institution he has criticized. Haley was backed by 96 senators, with only four opposed. She impressed lawmakers during her confirmation hearing this month. Haley, 45, promised to press for U.N. reforms but also fight for human rights and support international institutions, often breaking from Trump’s positions. “American values that we all hold dear and want to promote around the world are things that she has the ability to communicate and cares deeply about,” said Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Bob Corker. The “No” votes came from Democratic Senators Tom Udall, Chris Coons and Martin Heinrich, and Senator Bernie Sanders, an independent who caucuses with Democrats. “Like many Americans, and many of our allies, I am concerned about President Trump’s erratic statements and positions on foreign policy, and that concern is only deepened by the fact that his nominee to be ambassador to the United Nations has no real diplomatic experience,” Udall said. Haley has only held office in the state where she has been governor since 2011. The daughter of immigrants from India, Haley attracted national attention in 2015 when she secured the removal of the Confederate battle flag from South Carolina’s capitol grounds after a white supremacist killed nine black churchgoers in Charleston. She did not endorse Trump during last year’s presidential primaries and has warned that some of his most inflammatory statements promoted hate. During her confirmation hearing, Haley seconded criticism of the 193-nation organization by Trump and many of their fellow Republicans. She called for a close look at U.S. spending on the United Nations and blasted what she called its bias against Israel. Washington provides 22 percent of the U.N. budget. The United States and its frequent rivals Russia and China all hold permanent seats on the U.N. Security Council, along with U.S. allies Britain and France. Haley won plaudits at her hearing for promising to stand up to Russia and agreeing that its actions, including bombing hospitals in Syria, should be considered war crimes. Haley was easily approved earlier on Tuesday by the 21-member Foreign Relations Committee. Haley is only the fourth confirmed member of Trump’s Cabinet, joining Defense Secretary James Mattis, Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly and Central Intelligence Agency Director Mike Pompeo. Unusually, Trump’s pick for secretary of state was not confirmed before his U.N. ambassador. His choice, former Exxon Mobil Chief Executive Rex Tillerson, faced unanimous opposition from the 10 Foreign Relations Committee Democrats after a confirmation hearing at which they said he seemed poorly prepared. The full, Republican-led Senate is expected to confirm Tillerson early next week. Haley is due to be sworn in on Wednesday. She is being succeeded as South Carolina’s governor by Republican Lieutenant Governor Henry McMaster. ",1
6039,Trump says U.S.-Mexico border wall to come soon: ABC interview,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said he expects construction of a U.S.-Mexico border wall to start within months and that planning is already underway, according to excerpts of an interview with ABC News released on Wednesday.  Trump told the television network that while U.S. taxpayers would have to initially fund the wall, Mexico would ultimately pay for it, adding that negotiations for the reimbursement would start “relatively soon.” ",1
6040,White House says no curb on federal agency media activities,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House denied on Wednesday that the new Trump administration ordered a curb on the flow of information from several government agencies involved in environmental issues.  “They have not been directed by us to do anything,” White House spokesman Sean Spicer told reporters, adding employees have been told to adhere to their agency’s own policies. “But that directive did not come from here.” ",1
6041,White House says draft interrogation order is not a White House document,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A draft order calling for a review of whether a defunct CIA program to interrogate terrorist suspects in secret overseas “black site” prisons should be revived is not a White House document, the White House said on Wednesday. “It is not a White House document,” White House spokesman Sean Spicer told reporters. “I have no idea where it came from, but it is not a White House document.” ",1
6042,"Trump to sign executive actions on border security, immigration enforcement","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump will sign two executive orders on Wednesday including one on border security and the intent to build a wall along the U.S. southern border, and another  strengthening the enforcement of immigration laws, the White House said. “Building this barrier is more than just a campaign promise. It’s a common sense first step to really securing our porous border,” said White House spokesman Sean Spicer. “This will stem the flow of drugs, crime, illegal immigration into the United States.” He said the orders will strip federal money from so-called sanctuary cities and end a “catch and release” policy of previous administrations.  ",1
6043,"Republicans to kill U.S. rules on corruption, environment, labor and guns next week","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Congressional Republicans are set to overturn a slew of Obama-era regulations next week, including a controversial anti-bribery rule aimed at U.S. resource companies such as Exxon Mobil Corp (XOM.N) and Chevron Corp (CVX.N), according to a top lawmaker. After six years of legal battles, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission in June approved the rule requiring companies to disclose payments to foreign governments. It will probably be killed swiftly with two simple congressional votes.  Other rules eyed for quick overturning by Congress include newly minted environmental, gun control and labor relations measures, sources said.  Under the Congressional Review Act, Congress can use simple majority votes to stop recent regulations in their tracks. The timing in the law means that any rules that became final after May 31 could go on the chopping block.  House of Representatives Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, the second-most powerful Republican in the chamber, had said he would start using that law quickly after President Donald Trump was inaugurated to help roll back regulations the party considers abusive. House Republicans have been on a blitz of regulatory reform, passing bills to drive down regulations’ costs and create more congressional oversight. The Republican-dominated House will bypass the committee process and go directly to a vote by the entire chamber on a half-dozen resolutions, McCarthy’s spokesman said on Wednesday.  Further rule reversals are likely to come out of various committees, Representative Greg Walden, a Republican from Oregon, said on Tuesday. Given the resolutions only require simple majorities to pass, they will probably sail through the House and then pass the Senate, where Democrats, the minority party, cannot mount a filibuster against them. They could then zoom to the White House for fellow Republican Trump to sign. But Walden also said the Congressional Review Act broadly wipes out entire regulations and forbids agencies from writing new versions in their place. That could be dangerous for a rule with some provisions that Republicans support, he said. Earlier this month, McCarthy said the House would try to kill regulations protecting streams and forests from coal mining’s impacts, curbing methane leaks on public lands, and requiring employers to report workers’ information as part of an attempt to end pay discrimination.  Reforming regulations is as high a priority as undoing the Affordable Care Act and rewriting the tax code, he said. In a Wall Street Journal opinion piece on Wednesday, he also added a rule expanding background checks on gun purchases for disabled Social Security recipients to the hit list, as well as the anti-bribery regulation. Requiring companies to state publicly how much they pay governments in taxes, royalties and other types of fees for exploration and extraction was included in the 2010 Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform law. Regulators struggled for years to make it a reality as the companies said it would drive up their costs. Human rights group Oxfam in 2014 sued the SEC when it stalled on drafting the rule, and in 2015 a federal judge ordered the commission to fast-track it. The commission met the judge’s deadline this summer, with the requirements set to take effect in 2018. ",1
6044,Trump administration tells EPA to cut climate page from website: sources," WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump’s administration has instructed the Environmental Protection Agency to remove the climate change page from its website, two agency employees told Reuters, the latest move by the newly minted leadership to erase ex-President Barack Obama’s climate change initiatives.  The employees were notified by EPA officials on Tuesday that the administration had instructed EPA’s communications team to remove the website’s climate change page, which contains links to scientific global warming research, as well as detailed data on emissions. The page could go down as early as Wednesday, the sources said.  DON’T MISS: Dow hits 20,000 as post-election rally roars back to life INSIGHT: How Russia sold its oil jewel - without saying who bought it OPINION: Trump probably can't require pipelines to use U.S. steel “If the website goes dark, years of work we have done on climate change will disappear,” one of the EPA staffers told Reuters, who added some employees were scrambling to save some of the information housed on the website, or convince the Trump administration to preserve parts of it.  The sources asked not to be named because they were not authorized to speak to the media.  A Trump administration official did not immediately respond to a request for comment.  The order comes as Trump’s administration has moved to curb the flow of information from several government agencies who oversee environmental issues since last week, in actions that appeared designed to tighten control and discourage dissenting views.  The moves have reinforced concerns that Trump, a climate change doubter, could seek to sideline scientific research showing that carbon dioxide emissions from burning fossil fuels contributes to global warming, as well as the career staffers at the agencies that conduct much of this research.  Myron Ebell, who helped guide the EPA’s transition after Trump was elected in November until he was sworn in last week, said the move was not surprising.  “My guess is the web pages will be taken down, but the links and information will be available,” he said.  The page includes links to the EPA’s inventory of greenhouse gas emissions, which contains emissions data from individual industrial facilities as well as the multiagency Climate Change Indicators report, which describes trends related to the causes and effects of climate change.  The Trump administration’s recently appointed team to guide the post-Obama transition has drawn heavily from the energy industry lobby and pro-drilling think tanks, according to a list of the newly introduced 10-member team.  Trump appointed Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt, a longtime foe of the EPA who has led 14 lawsuits against it, as the agency’s administrator. The Senate environment committee held a tense seven-hour confirmation hearing for Pruitt last week. No vote on his nomination has been scheduled yet.  ",1
6045,"Rights group voices fears over Trump refugee plan, torture","GENEVA (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump is “closing the door” on people fleeing Islamic State, and may try to re-open secret detention centers where torture can be used, Human Rights Watch (HRW) said on Wednesday, calling on Congress to intervene. A temporary ban on refugees that Trump is expected to sign this week is a “particularly ugly” policy among a range of populist initiatives that could also breach the U.S. Constitution, the rights group said. Trump looks set to “stop refugee admissions to the United States, ostensibly on security grounds,” HRW head Kenneth Roth told a news briefing in Geneva.  “But in order to score a political point at home, Trump is closing the door on them. That is one particularly ugly aspect of what he is doing.” “It’s as if Trump is indifferent to the extraordinary suffering that many of these refugees have been through. Many of these people are fleeing ISIS (Islamic State), or the ISIS equivalents around the world,” he said. HRW, one of the biggest international human rights groups, based in the United States, said it feared Trump would “start refilling Guantanamo” and possibly use “dark sites” on foreign soil for detainees. “One thing we expect either today or later this week is an order from Trump to begin exploring ... the resumption of CIA dark sites,” said Roth, an American.  The Washington Post published on Wednesday a draft executive order, “Detention and Interrogation of Enemy Combatants”, that could open the way for terrorism suspects to be interrogated in secret prisons abroad. “Last time, these black sites were often in democracies - they were in Poland, Latvia, Romania, if you look around the world, they were in places like Morocco, Egypt, Jordan, Thailand, Afghanistan,” Roth said. “I hope all these governments and the other prospective governments say ‘no’ this time around, that they don’t want to be complicit in any new U.S. torture scheme.” Obama closed black sites and ordered a halt to waterboarding, a form of simulated drowning, which experts say constitutes torture banned under international law. Trump promised during his campaign to bring back waterboarding and “a hell of a lot worse”. “If Trump is going to start toying with the Army Field Manual and weakening its preclusion of torture or other forms of inhumane and cruel interrogation, that would be very problematic,” Roth said. He called on Congress to exercise oversight over the new administration and “stand up for the Constitution and international human rights law”. “Obviously people are afraid of Trump at this stage because he does have the bully pulpit, but that’s when an independent Congress standing up for principles is particularly important.” ",1
6046,Any UK-U.S. trade deal will put Britain first: PM May,"LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May said on Wednesday any trade deal agreed with the United States would put British interests and values first. Speaking in parliament, May said her meeting with newly inaugurated U.S. President Donald Trump later this week was a sign of the strength of the special relationship between the two countries. “We will be looking for a UK-U.S. trade deal that improves trade between our two countries that will bring prosperity and growth to this country ... and I can assure ... that in doing that we will put UK interests and UK values first,” she said. She also said she was “not afraid to speak frankly to a president of the United States” when asked whether she was concerned by Trump’s comments about women. ",1
6047,Trump's top defense and homeland officials to attend Munich Security Conference,"BERLIN (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of Defense James Mattis and Homeland Security chief John Kelly will attend the Munich Security Conference in February, and the event’s organizers said on Wednesday they expect other senior U.S. officials to attend also.  Mattis and Kelly were confirmed in their posts just days ago, following President Donald Trump’s Jan. 20 inauguration.  “All signs point to a particularly strong participation of both the new administration, as well as Congress,” the group said in a statement.     Bavarian state premier Horst Seehofer had invited Trump to visit Munich - and possibly the annual security conference - shortly after his election in November, although U.S. presidents have not attended the event in the past. U.S. vice presidents, by contrast, have frequently attended the annual event in Munich, which draws leaders and diplomats from Europe, the Middle East and the United States. U.S. Vice President Mike Pence has been invited but it was not yet clear if he would attend, a spokesman said.  Wolfgang Ischinger, a former German envoy to Washington and the conference’s chairman, said participants would address issues such as the future of transatlantic relations, NATO and the EU, the Ukraine crisis, ties with Russia and the war in Syria. On Jan. 15, Trump said NATO was obsolete because it had not defended against terror attacks but that the military alliance was still very important to him. “I hope that we will not mince words and speak honestly about our disagreements as well as about our common interests and values,” Ischinger said in a statement. Other confirmed participants include U.N. Secretary General António Guterres, European Council President Donald Tusk, EU High Representative Federica Mogherini, NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg, the presidents of Poland, Ukraine, and Afghanistan, and the prime ministers of Norway, Hungary and Iraq. Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov will participate, as well as Sigmar Gabriel, who will take over as German foreign minister on Friday. Many business leaders, defense and foreign ministers, lawmakers and representatives of non-governmental organizations such as Human Rights Watch also take part.   ",1
6048,Trump expected to order temporary ban on refugees," WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump is expected to sign executive orders starting on Wednesday that include a temporary ban on most refugees and a suspension of visas for citizens of Syria and six other Middle Eastern and African countries, say congressional aides and immigration experts briefed on the matter.  Trump, who tweeted that a “big day” was planned on national security on Wednesday, is expected to ban for several months the entry of refugees into the United States, except for religious minorities escaping persecution, until more aggressive vetting is in place.  Another order will block visas being issued to anyone from Syria, Iraq, Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan and Yemen, said the aides and experts, who asked not to be identified.  In his tweet late on Tuesday, Trump said: “Big day planned on NATIONAL SECURITY tomorrow. Among many other things, we will build the wall!”  More from Reuters  * Commentary: Trump’s war with the media will damage both  * Trump to seek 'major investigation' on voter fraud  * How Russia sold its oil jewel: without saying who bought it The border security measures probably include directing the construction of a border wall with Mexico and other actions to cut the number of illegal immigrants living in the United States.  The sources say the first of the orders will be signed on Wednesday. With Trump considering measures to tighten border security, he could turn his attention to the refugee issue later this week.  Stephen Legomsky, who was chief counsel at U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services in the Obama administration, said the president had the authority to limit refugee admissions and the issuance of visas to specific countries if the administration determined it was in the public’s interest.  “From a legal standpoint, it would be exactly within his legal rights,” said Legomsky, a professor at Washington University School of Law in St. Louis. “But from a policy standpoint, it would be terrible idea because there is such an urgent humanitarian need right now for refugees.”  Oddly Enough  * Trump, Kim clones grab Hong Kong by surprise The Republican president, who took office last Friday, was expected to sign the first of the orders at the Department of Homeland Security, whose responsibilities include immigration and border security.  On the campaign trail, Trump initially proposed a temporary ban on Muslims entering the United States, which he said would protect Americans from jihadist attacks.  Both Trump and his nominee for attorney general, Senator Jeff Sessions, have since said they would focus the restrictions on countries whose migrants could pose a threat, rather than a ban on those of a specific religion.  Many Trump supporters decried former President Barack Obama’s decision to increase the number of Syrian refugees admitted to the United States over fears that those fleeing the country’s civil war would carry out attacks.  Detractors could launch legal challenges if all the countries subject to the ban are Muslim-majority nations, said immigration expert Hiroshi Motomura at UCLA School of Law.  Legal arguments could claim the executive orders discriminate against a particular religion, which would be unconstitutional, he said.  “His comments during the campaign and a number of people on his team focused very much on religion as the target,” Motomura said.  To block entry from the designated countries, Trump is likely to tell the State Department to stop issuing visas to people from those nations, according to sources familiar with the visa process. He could also instruct U.S. Customs and Border Protection to stop any current visa holders from those countries from entering the United States.  White House spokesman Sean Spicer said on Tuesday the State and Homeland Security Departments would work on the vetting process once Trump’s nominee to head the State Department, Rex Tillerson, is installed.  Other measures may include directing all agencies to finish work on a biometric identification system for non-citizens entering and exiting the United States and a crackdown on immigrants fraudulently receiving government benefits, according to the congressional aides and immigration experts.  To restrict illegal immigration, Trump has promised to build a wall on the U.S.-Mexico border and to deport illegal migrants living inside the United States.  Trump is also expected to take part in a ceremony installing his new secretary of homeland security, retired Marine General John Kelly, on Wednesday.  Trump’s executive order threatens a refugee resettlement deal with Australia signed late last year, and could leave more than 1,000 asylum seekers in limbo.  The U.S. agreed to resettle an unspecified number of refugees being held in Papua New Guinea (PNG) and the tiny South Pacific island nation of Nauru on Australia’s behalf, under a deal to be administered by the U.N. refugee agency.  “Any substantial delay in the relocation of refugees...would be highly concerning from a humanitarian perspective,” Catherine Stubberfield, a spokeswoman of the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees, told Reuters by email.  “These men, women and children can no longer afford to wait.”  The deal followed agreement by Australia in September to join a U.S.-led program to resettle refugees from Guatemala, Honduras and El Salvador as part of its annual intake.  Australia’s tough border security laws mandate that asylum seekers intercepted trying to reach the country by boat go for processing to detention camps on PNG’s Manus island and Nauru.  Australia does not provide information on the nationalities of those held, but around a third of the 1,161 detainees were from countries covered by the executive orders, lawyers and refugee workers for the asylum seekers told Reuters.  “We already didn’t have much hope the U.S. would accept us,” Behrouz Boochani, an Iranian refugee who has spent more than three years on Manus island, told Reuters.  “If they do not take us, Australia will have to.”  A spokeswoman for Australia’s Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull declined to comment.  ",1
6049,China foreign minister says wants to manage disputes with U.S.,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China wants dialogue with the new U.S. administration to manage disputes and promote bilateral relations, but only on the basis of respecting each other’s core interests, like the “one China” principle, China’s foreign minister said. U.S. President Donald Trump, who was inaugurated on Friday, upset Beijing before taking office by casting doubt on the “one China” principle, under which Washington acknowledges Beijing’s position of sovereignty over self-ruled Taiwan. China views Taiwan as a wayward province, to be brought under its control by force if necessary. However, proudly democratic Taiwan has shown no interest in being ruled by Beijing. Speaking at a reception for the upcoming Chinese Lunar New Year, Foreign Minister Wang Yi said the future direction of Sino-U.S. ties had “attracted attention”. “We are willing, on the basis of strictly abiding by the ‘one China’ principle and respect of each other’s core interests, to have dialogue with the new U.S. government,” Wang said, in comments posted on the ministry’s website late Tuesday. China is willing to “increase mutual trust, focus cooperation, manage and control disputes and promote the healthy development of China-U.S. relations, to bring even greater benefits to both peoples”, he added. Separately, state news agency Xinhua quoted Chinese ambassador to Washington, Cui Tiankai as saying that while the Trump administration has yet to formulate a China policy, the general trend of China-U.S. cooperation cannot be reversed as it is “the only right choice” for both. In any trade war, both countries would suffer, he added. “Currently, the world economy needs a strong engine to lead to stronger development and faster growth, it’s inescapable responsibility for China and the United States to do this, rather than heading toward a trade war,” Cui said. With Trump’s decision to quit the Transpacific Trade Partnership (TPP), Cui said China cannot take over the U.S. role as the global leader who makes trade rules. “I think this is a misleading notion, because international trade rules cannot be made by the United States or China alone, and rather, they should be made and implemented by all nations in the world,” Cui said. ",1
6050,"Trump's defense chief eyes debut trip to Japan, South Korea next week","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump’s defense secretary plans to visit Japan and South Korea next week, choosing the two close U.S. allies for his debut trip abroad as Pentagon chief, a U.S. official said on Tuesday, speaking on condition of anonymity. James Mattis, a retired Marine general, was sworn into the Pentagon’s top job shortly after Trump’s inauguration on Friday and a quick departure to Asia could be seen as a nod to the importance the new U.S. administration places on security ties. The trip would closely follow Trump’s withdrawal from the 12-nation Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade pact, fulfilling a campaign pledge but disappointing many key U.S. allies in Asia. Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, for example, had touted TPP in part as a counter-weight to a rising China. No further details were immediately available about Mattis’ proposed itinerary. Still, Mattis, in his confirmation hearing this month, described “the Pacific theater” as a priority and analysts expect new U.S. military spending under Trump’s administration would strengthen America’s military presence in Asia over time. Topping U.S. concerns in the region are North Korea’s nuclear weapons and missile programs and China’s military moves in the South China Sea. Tension with Beijing escalated this week when Trump’s White House vowed to defend “international territories” in the strategic waterway. China responded by saying it had “irrefutable” sovereignty over disputed islands there. Mattis, in his Senate testimony, also voiced concern about North Korea, describing Pyongyang’s activities as a “serious threat” that required U.S. attention.    There are about 28,500 U.S. troops based in South Korea helping to defend the country against North Korea, which has technically remained in a state of war with the South since the 1950-53 Korean conflict. South Korea and the United States say the upcoming deployment of the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) system will better help to protect Seoul against North Korea’s nuclear and ballistic capabilities. But China says THAAD’s powerful radar could penetrate its own territory, prompting calls from some South Korean opposition leaders to delay or cancel its deployment.  ",1
6051,Trump says to host India's Modi for U.S. visit later this year: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump invited Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi to visit the United States later this year, during a phone call on Tuesday in which the leaders discussed economic and defense cooperation. In its readout of the conversation, the White House said the two leaders also discussed security in South and Central Asia. The region includes Afghanistan, where U.S. troops are still battling Taliban militants, and Pakistan.  The two leaders “resolved that the United States and India stand shoulder to shoulder in the global fight against terrorism,” according to the readout that was posted on the White House website. Tweeting from his personal account, Modi said his conversation with Trump had been “warm”, and that they would work closely in the coming days to further strengthen bilateral ties. He also invited Trump to visit India. The U.S.-India relationship has flourished of late and New Delhi is hopeful that this will continue under Trump, who courted the votes of the Indian diaspora in his presidential run. Trump’s pledge to ban immigration by Muslims from countries he says harbor Islamic militants has also played well among Modi’s Hindu-nationalist base, which is hostile to Pakistan. There are concerns, though, that Trump may pull back the U.S. security umbrella from the region, exposing India to a rising China. His tough line on immigration and “America First” jobs policy could make it tougher for India’s information technology sector to send staff to the U.S. to do project work. ",1
6052,Trump clears way for controversial oil pipelines,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump signed orders on Tuesday smoothing the path for the controversial Keystone XL and Dakota Access oil pipelines in a move to expand energy infrastructure and roll back key Obama administration environmental actions.  Oil producers in Canada and North Dakota are expected to benefit from a quicker route for crude oil to U.S. Gulf Coast refiners. But going ahead with the pipelines would mark a bitter defeat for Native American tribes and climate activists, who successfully blocked the projects earlier and vowed to fight the decisions through legal action. Trump campaigned on promises to increase domestic energy production. Before taking office he said the Dakota pipeline should be completed and that he would revive the C$8 billion ($6.1 billion) Keystone XL project, which was rejected in 2015 by then-President Barack Obama. U.S. crude imports have fallen dramatically in recent years as domestic production has boomed, but the world’s largest oil consumer still relies heavily on imports. Even though Canada is already the biggest source of U.S. crude imports, boosting the flow from a close ally is seen in Washington as a way to improve U.S. energy security. “It goes to show we as a nation build infrastructure that is part of a comprehensive energy plan to make our energy secure,” Republican Senator John Hoeven of North Dakota told Reuters.  TransCanada Corp said it would resubmit an application for a permit for Keystone XL after Trump signed an order saying the company could re-apply. The application will be reviewed by the U.S. State Department, which has 60 days to reach a decision.  The orders look set to undo victories won by protesters in North Dakota against Energy Transfer Partners, which has nearly completed construction of the Dakota line. Despite the advanced phase of the project, the Obama administration in December denied the company a permit to tunnel under the Missouri River. Protesters rallied for months against plans to route the $3.8 billion pipeline beneath a lake near the Standing Rock Sioux reservation, saying it threatened water resources and sacred Native American sites. At one point, nearly 10,000 people had flocked to federal land in North Dakota, including 4,000 veterans after protests turned violent at times. The main protest camp has dwindled to several hundred after the Standing Rock tribe asked activists to leave when the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers denied the easement. In a statement on Tuesday, the Standing Rock Sioux said they would fight the orders. “Americans know this pipeline was unfairly rerouted towards our nation and without our consent. The existing pipeline route risks infringing on our treaty rights, contaminating our water and the water of 17 million Americans downstream,” said Dave Archambault II, chairman of the Standing Rock tribe. The North Dakota Petroleum Council, the trade group for state oil producers relying on Dakota Access to expand their crude transport options, cheered Trump’s order. About 1 million barrels a day are currently produced in North Dakota. “We think this is a great step forward for energy security in America,” said Ron Ness, the council’s president.         The more than 800,000 bpd Keystone XL pipeline would bring heavy crude from Canada to the U.S. Gulf Coast. The project was conceived nearly a decade ago, but since then the U.S. shale revolution has redefined oil flows, with domestic refiners finding themselves awash with supply and needing fewer imports.  Canadian Natural Resources Minister Jim Carr said in Calgary that Keystone XL has all the regulatory approvals it needs in Canada, and that the project would be “very positive for Canada.”                    Environmental activists campaigned against the Keystone XL pipeline for more than seven years, eventually winning a victory when Obama rejected the project in 2015.  Trip Van Noppen, president of nonprofit environmental law organization Earthjustice, said in a statement that Trump “appears to be ignoring the law, public sentiment and ethical considerations” with the decision. TransCanada shares closed up 2.7 percent on the Toronto Stock Exchange.  Trump said on Tuesday in Washington that Keystone XL would create 28,000 jobs, but that figure is at odds with a 2014 U.S. State Department environmental study that said the project would create 3,900 construction jobs and 35 permanent jobs.  Shares of ETP, the company building the 450,000 barrel-a-day Dakota pipeline, ended the day up 3.5 percent in U.S. trading.  Trump owned ETP stock through at least mid-2016, according to financial disclosure forms, and ETP’s chief executive, Kelcy Warren, donated $100,000 to his campaign.  The protest against the 1,172-mile (1,885 km) Dakota pipeline was concentrated around blocking a permit to tunnel under Lake Oahe, a reservoir that forms part of the Missouri River, adjacent to the Standing Rock reservation. The Army Corps earlier this month said it would begin an environmental assessment that could delay the project further. Tuesday’s White House memoranda said the Army and the Army Corps of Engineers should review and quickly approve permits for Dakota Access.  In Cannon Ball, North Dakota, protesters, many of whom have stayed at the camp for months, said they would continue fighting to protect the environment. At a protest in front of the White House, a few hundred demonstrators shouted slogans and carried signs, including one that read: “Now environmental rapist.” “What happened today is an attack on our homes,” said Jade Begay, a spokeswoman for the Indigenous Environmental Network, which fights against mining and dumping on native lands. “We are going to continue to show up at your home, Donald Trump.” In New York City, about 300 protesters gathered outside the Trump International Hotel and Tower, chanting slogans such as “If all lives matter, then Native lives matter” and “You can’t drink oil, even in the soil.”  Actress and activist Jane Fonda, speaking to protesters with a bullhorn, called Trump “the predator in chief” and warned of the danger of oil spills. Graphic of proposed Dakota Access pipeline here - tmsnrt.rs/2kpvmic ",1
6053,Protesters vow to battle Trump's 'poor decision' to revive pipeline,"CANNON BALL, N.D. (Reuters) - Tribal leaders protesting the construction of a controversial North Dakota pipeline vowed on Tuesday to fight U.S. President Donald Trump’s order to revive the $3.8 billion project, calling his decision a “bad move.” Protesters have rallied for months against plans to route the Dakota Access pipeline under a lake near the Standing Rock Sioux reservation, saying it threatened water resources and sacred Native American sites. The tribe, which has fought to stop the pipeline since last year, won a major victory last month when the government denied Energy Transfer Partners LP the right to run the pipeline under Lake Oahe, a water source upstream from the reservation. Trump’s order instructed the Army and the Army Corps of Engineers to review the decision. The Republican president also signed an order reviving the C$8 billion ($6.1 billion) Keystone XL pipeline project, which was rejected in 2015 by then-President Barack Obama.   As a small airplane circled over the main protest camp near the Dakota Access pipeline on Tuesday, the mood following the White House’s announcement was calm but defiant. “I’m staying here,” Benjamin Buffalo, a 45-year-old Blackfeet tribal member from Browning, Montana, told a reporter. “I’m standing with the natives. This is our future.”  Buffalo has been at the camp since August, when tensions started to flare up between law enforcement officers and protesters, who have been backed by Hollywood celebrities, veterans and other activists.    The tribe had recently called for protesters to leave after the Army Corps of Engineers agreed to an environmental review last month, saying the battle had moved beyond the camp and into the courts or back rooms for negotiations with the government. The tribe also warned that the camp itself might contaminate the river if hit by heavy flooding in March, when waters are expected to rise. On Tuesday, Standing Rock leaders said they would meet in the coming days to plan next steps. Some said they feared fresh violence after past clashes between protesters and law enforcement officers. Dana Yellow Fat, Standing Rock Sioux tribal council member at large, called Trump’s order “a poor decision and a bad move” and said he worried about injuries if new violence broke out. “Now you’re going to see both sides gear up for even more actions on the ground because you have a group of people that is determined to stop that pipeline one way or another,” he told Reuters. Yellow Fat said he was unsure whether the tribe would back away from its request for protesters to leave the camp, but said Trump’s order has prompted “a total re-evaluation of our recent actions.” Since the exit of the Standing Rock Sioux, the camp has been less organized, with no regular sunrise prayers and communal kitchens that now only serve food sporadically. In some spots, tents are buried under snow and as many as 60 cars have been abandoned. Tribal officials expect the cleanup of the site to take about a month. The Morton County Sheriff’s Department urged activists to remain peaceful in light of Trump’s order and said they were bracing for a possible resurgence in protests. “We’re preparing for anything that might come,” department spokeswoman Maxine Herr said. “We continue to monitor the situation.” She declined to say whether additional officers would be sent to the protest site. Morton County spokesman Rob Keller on Monday said police had no plans to forcibly remove people from the campsite, where protesters now number 500 to 600, down from the nearly 10,000 once there. Many in the camp, some of them members of Native American tribes from other parts of the country, had already planned to defy the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe’s call to leave, saying the fight against the pipeline was not over. Forest Borie, 33, of Magalia, California, said the protest will only become more intense. “Our struggle to protect the planet is getting more intense, and the stakes are getting higher, said Borie, who has been at the camp since early November. ",1
6054,Highlight: The Trump presidency on January 24,"(Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump met with auto executives on Tuesday and gave the energy industry a boost with action on pipelines. Highlights of the day follow: Trump signs orders smoothing the path for the controversial Keystone XL and Dakota Access oil pipelines, aiming to expand energy infrastructure and roll back key Obama administration environmental actions. Trump is expected to sign executive orders starting on Wednesday that include a temporary ban on most refugees and a suspension of visas for citizens of Syria and six other Middle Eastern and African countries, according to several congressional aides and immigration experts briefed on the matter. Trump urges the chief executives of General Motors Co, Ford Motor Co and Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV to build more cars in the country. Trump signs an executive order directing that the permitting process and regulatory burden for domestic manufacturers should be streamlined to reduce what he calls an “incredibly cumbersome, long, horrible” system.     The Environmental Protection Agency and the Agriculture Department will hold off on some rules as part of a freeze on regulations imposed by the Trump administration, trade groups say.         Trump’s administration has moved since last week to curb the flow of information from several government agencies whose mandate affects environmental issues, in actions that appear designed to tighten control and discourage dissenting views. {nL1N1FE5FE] Trump, poised to restore the Supreme Court’s conservative majority, says he will announce his choice next week to fill the seat left vacant since the death of conservative Justice Antonin Scalia more than 11 months ago, with three federal appeals court judges among those under close consideration. Trump intends to retain FBI Director James Comey amid reports that law enforcement and intelligence agencies are scrutinizing Trump associates over their ties to Russia. The U.S. Senate votes overwhelmingly to confirm South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley as ambassador to the United Nations. Representative Tom Price, Trump’s nominee for health secretary, tells a Senate panel he wants to ensure people with pre-existing conditions have access to insurance and he does not support Medicare privatization. Mexico could pull out of the North American Free Trade Agreement if a renegotiation of terms does not benefit the country, its economy minister says. The White House says Trump stands by his belief that millions of people voted illegally in the presidential election but offered no evidence to support the contention. ",1
6055,Trump administration seeks to muzzle U.S. agency employees,"WASHINGTON/CHICAGO (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump’s administration has moved since he took office last week to curb the flow of information from several government agencies involved in environmental issues, in actions that may have been designed to discourage dissenting views. Employees at the Environmental Protection Agency, the Interior Department, the Department of Agriculture and the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) have seen directives from the newly minted leadership seeking to limit how they communicate to the public, according to multiple sources. The moves have reinforced concerns that Trump, a climate change doubter, could seek to sideline scientific research showing that carbon dioxide emissions from burning fossil fuels contributes to global warming, as well as the career staffers at the agencies that conduct much of this research. All of the agencies affected by the actions have some input on issues related to the environment and have been involved in various efforts related to climate change, including effects on natural resources and human health. On Tuesday, a source at the EPA said that staff had been told by members of the Trump administration not to speak to reporters or publish any press releases or blog posts on social media. EPA staff have also been asked not to publicize any talks, conferences, or webinars that had been planned for the next 60 days, the staffer said, asking not to be named. Asked if the EPA had been gagged, White House press secretary Sean Spicer said on Tuesday: “I don’t know ... we’re looking into it. ... I don’t think it’s a surprise we’re going to review the policies, but I don’t have any info at this time.” The agency also was asked by the White House on Monday to temporarily halt all contracts and grants pending a review, according to multiple sources. The EPA awards billions of dollars worth of grants and contracts every year to support programs around environmental testing, cleanups and research. “EPA staff have been reviewing grants and contracts information with the incoming transition team,” EPA spokeswoman Julia Valentine said in a statement. “The goal is to complete the grants and contracts review by the close of business on Friday, Jan. 27.” Environmental groups reacted with outrage. New York’s attorney general, Eric Schneiderman, said in reaction to the freeze that his office “will examine all legal options to ensure the EPA meets its obligations to keep our state’s air and water safe.” U.S. Department of Agriculture employees on Monday were also  informed in a memo seen by Reuters that all communications with the media should be approved by the administration, and social media posts should be reviewed by managers “to remove references to policy priorities and initiatives of the previous Administration.”   The department, meanwhile, disavowed another email sent on Monday to its scientific research unit ordering the suspension of releasing “any public-facing documents,” including news releases and photos, saying it was sent without permission and should not include a ban on publication of peer-reviewed scientific papers.  Officials at HHS also received a memo ordering them not to send “any correspondence” to other public officials.  Instead, they must refer any requests for information to senior leaders, who are not to do anything until they have received instructions from the White House staff on its policies, according to a source who read the memo.  Last week, staff at the Interior Department were told to stop posting on Twitter after an employee retweeted posts about the relatively low attendance at Trump’s inauguration, and about how the issues of climate change and civil rights had disappeared from the White House website. The department has since resumed tweeting - though some tweets have been deleted. On Tuesday, Badlands National Park, located in South Dakota and part of the Department of Interior, posted a series of Tweets about climate change: “Today, the amount of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere is higher than at any time in the last 650,000 years. #climate,” one of the tweets read. By Tuesday afternoon, the tweets were gone. A National Park Service official said the tweets had been posted to the Badlands National Park account by a former employee who was not authorized to use it. “The park was not told to remove the tweets but chose to do so when they realized that their account had been compromised,” the official said. National Park Service social media managers are being encouraged to use Twitter to post public safety and park information but not content related to national policy issues, the official said. Trump has promised to promote oil drilling and mining by cutting regulation, including by targeting former President Barack Obama’s initiative to combat climate change. Trump also has suggested pulling the United States out of a global pact on climate change signed by nearly 200 countries last year.  Trump’s nominees to run the EPA, Interior and the Department of Agriculture - Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt, Representative Ryan Zinke of Montana and former Georgia Governor Sonny Perdue, respectively - are awaiting Senate confirmation.  Trump has drawn heavily from the energy industry lobby and pro-drilling think tanks to build a team charged with preparing the EPA for its new leadership, according to a list of the newly introduced 10-member team seen by Reuters on Monday. An EPA spokesman did not immediately respond to a request for comment. ",1
6056,"Despite no evidence, White House says Trump stands by voter fraud belief","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump stands by his belief that millions of people voted illegally in the U.S. election, the White House said on Tuesday, despite widespread evidence to the contrary.  “The president does believe that,” White House spokesman Sean Spicer told reporters.  State officials in charge of the Nov. 8 election have said they found no evidence of widespread voter fraud and there is no history of it in U.S. elections. Even House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan, the most senior Republican in Congress, said he had seen no evidence to back up Trump’s claims.    Republican Trump won the Electoral College that decides the presidency and gives smaller states more clout in the outcome, but he lost the popular vote to Democratic rival Hillary Clinton by about 2.9 million. Trump has repeatedly said he would have won the popular vote, too, but for voter fraud. He has never substantiated his claim. The comments were the latest in a series of distractions in the opening days of the Trump administration that run the risk of overshadowing his legislative goals and efforts to advance policy proposals. On Saturday, the day after his inauguration as the 45th president of the United States, Trump complained about media coverage of the crowds that attended his swearing-in ceremony and described journalists as “among the most dishonest people on Earth.” ",1
6057,U.S. ethics lawsuits against Trump part of groups' political strategy,"(Reuters) - Legal advocacy groups seeking to challenge President Donald Trump in court over alleged conflicts of interest said filing lawsuits is part of a larger strategy to highlight their concerns and put political pressure on the White House. In a lawsuit on Monday, ethics watchdog Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington contended payments to Trump’s businesses for hotel rooms and office leases run afoul of the emoluments clause of the Constitution, which forbids U.S. officeholders from accepting various gifts from foreign governments without congressional approval.  Trump on Monday called the lawsuit “without merit,” and legal experts have noted significant barriers to success in court, such as whether the plaintiffs have standing to sue.  The American Civil Liberties Union is also preparing a lawsuit over Trump’s alleged violations of the emoluments clause, said ACLU Executive Director Anthony Romero. Beyond winning favorable rulings, cases can serve to “gum up the machinery of the government and rob the Trump administration of momentum,” he said.  Lawsuits can also serve to frame the public debate and gain the attention of Congress and government officials, Romero said.  “This should be an area where we let a thousand legal flowers bloom,” he told Reuters on Tuesday.  Laurence Tribe, one of the attorneys representing CREW, said the purpose of its lawsuit was to force Trump to abide by the Constitution, and that he felt confident they would achieve a favorable outcome in court.  He also said bringing the case can accomplish other goals.  “One of the things that this lawsuit will achieve is increased public understanding of what the issue is,” he said. Aside from the emoluments clause, conflict of interest laws that govern the executive branch generally do not apply to the president or vice president, said Erwin Chemerinsky, dean of UC Irvine School of Law and another of CREW’s lawyers. Presidents largely enjoy immunity from lawsuits arising from their official duties.  The Office of Government Ethics sets policy for executive branch employees, but it does not investigate complaints or bring lawsuits. If OGE officials find evidence of wrongdoing, they refer it to the Department of Justice for civil or criminal prosecution.   CREW also filed a complaint with the General Services Administration over Trump’s hotel in Washington D.C., which he leases from the federal government. The complaint alleges the business violates the terms of the lease, which says it cannot be held by an elected officeholder. It is unclear whether that issue will ultimately be litigated in the courts.  Federal courts maintain strict rules about who has the legal right, or standing, to sue. The U.S. Department of Justice will likely raise a standing challenge to CREW’s case in the form of a motion to dismiss, said Deepak Gupta, another attorney representing the group.  A spokeswoman for the Department of Justice said it is reviewing the complaint and would respond as appropriate.  In its lawsuit, CREW argued that it should be allowed to bring the emoluments case because it has been forced to spend money and divert resources away from its traditional agenda of tracking campaign contributions and ethics monitoring. Legal experts have said that will be a difficult argument to win. Tribe, a professor at Harvard Law School, said CREW felt confident it would win on standing. He also noted that additional plaintiffs “have expressed interest in bringing litigation, either as part of our case or others.” He declined to identify them or discuss strategy details. Romero also said the ACLU is seeking a “suitable plaintiff.” Andy Grewal, a professor at the University of Iowa College of Law, said that adding a plaintiff with more concrete allegations, such as a hotel that claims it has lost business to Trump’s hotels, would still be an uphill battle.  It would be hard to prove, for instance, that a diplomat would have stayed at another hotel instead of Trump’s, he said. Ultimately, no court has determined whether ownership by a president or government official of a corporation that sells products to a foreign government would violate the Constitution, he said, and that could present an additional barrier to success. ",1
6058,"Pressured by Trump, Mexico ready to discuss NAFTA rules in U.S. talks","MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Under pressure from President Donald Trump, Mexico is preparing to discuss changes to trade rules about a product’s country of origin to try to avoid a disruptive fight with the United States over commerce. As the two countries begin a difficult new relationship, Mexico sees possible common ground with Trump on the “rules of origin” of the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) that binds the two countries and Canada, several sources said. Rules of origin are regulations setting out where trade products are sourced from. Although formal negotiations about NAFTA have not begun, the rules could eventually be altered to favor U.S. industry over competitors from outside North America, particularly in Asia. Changes to those rules could help align Mexico with Trump’s industrial strategy of boosting U.S. manufacturing jobs and dovetail with the Mexican government’s calls to strengthen North American competitiveness. It could also help pave the way for a broader deal with Trump over border security and immigration, Mexican officials believe. Talks about NAFTA rules of origin will be a “very important” point of discussion between the two countries now that Trump is in office, a Mexican official said. A White House official said: “As a general rule, it is in the best interests of the U.S. to insist on strong rules of origin provisions in pursuing bilateral negotiations. Lax rules of origin in proposed treaties like the now defunct Trans-Pacific Partnership shrink and weaken our supply chain and contribute to the offshoring of American jobs.” Mexican Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray and Economy Minister Ildefonso Guajardo will hold talks with top Trump officials in Washington on Wednesday and Thursday, where security, migration and trade will be discussed.            Fears of economic disaster have haunted Mexico since Trump won the presidency in November threatening to tear up NAFTA, impose protectionist tariffs and build a wall on the United States’ southern border to halt illegal immigration.               While Mexico is reluctant to alter the 1994 trade accord, officials concede that some changes may be necessary to help keep trade open with the United States, which absorbs 80 percent of its exports. “What we want is to maintain free access for Mexican products, without restrictions, without tariffs and quotas,” Videgaray, the spearhead of the government’s outreach to Trump, said on Monday. Speaking on condition of anonymity, two Mexican government officials and four other people familiar with ongoing discussions said Mexico saw rules of origin as an important avenue to brokering a deal with Trump, provided a fair compromise can be reached. In trade agreements, content rules or rules of origin are often used to determine import duties. Under NAFTA, 62.5 percent of the material in a car or light truck made in Mexico must be from North America to be able to enter the United States tariff free. If the countries agree in negotiations, that percentage could be increased, potentially giving an advantage to U.S. industry at the expense of Asian competitors.               For Mexico, changing the rules of origin could be a lesser evil than Trump’s threat to impose a 35 percent tax on certain goods made by foreign companies in Mexico for sale in the United States. Trump’s pressure on U.S. automakers such as Ford to build more cars at home worries Mexico, where the industry has been one of the main drivers of growth and accounted for 18.5 percent of manufacturing GDP in 2015. Trump on Tuesday told the chief executives of the Big Three U.S. automakers - General Motors, Ford and Fiat Chrysler - that he wants to see more auto plants in the United States. Mexico warned it could pull out of NAFTA if a renegotiation of the pact does not benefit it. Trump’s team is behind the push for changes in the origin rules, seeing it as a means of reducing imports from China, two of the Mexican sources familiar with the matter said. Trump’s nominee for Commerce Secretary, Wilbur Ross, spoke of the importance of content rules in protecting the automotive industry during Senate hearings last week, and Canadian media reported that Ross had told Canada rules of origin would be central to NAFTA talks. NAFTA rules of origin apply to goods made in any of the three countries. Two Mexican sources said the Trump administration could push for national content requirements that would ensure that the United States benefits from changes in rules of origin, and not just the NAFTA region as a whole.   However, that would be more complex to manage, they added. So as not to hurt companies, any changes would need to be phased in gradually, and the more items that were targeted, the trickier negotiations would be, one of the sources said. Any deal would need to ensure rules changes applied to all countries, not just to Mexico, one Mexican official said. Of the foreign carmakers in Mexico, Toyota might be able to handle a higher NAFTA content ratio better than others. Its Camry car, for example, has very high North American and U.S. content. Other Japanese automakers such as Mazda have a larger proportional reliance on Asia-based suppliers.    Kristin Dziczek, a labor analyst at the Center of Automotive Research, said deepening rules of origin could have some impact on U.S. jobs and would hit some foreign automakers harder - especially those that produce more parts and vehicles outside North America. The NAFTA rules are in place to prevent China or other lower wage countries from being able to produce the majority of content in a vehicle and export it to another country to assemble it without paying tariffs.  U.S. automakers have not backed tougher rules of origin previously because they wanted flexibility on sourcing parts. ",1
6059,"Republicans, Democrats bicker over infrastructure plans","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republicans and Democrats argued over the best way to rebuild U.S. infrastructure - a high priority of President Donald Trump - with no agreement in sight following skirmishes on Tuesday between the two parties. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell rejected a new, detailed $1 trillion proposal unveiled by Democrats that would rely heavily on new government spending. That came shortly after Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer said his party could not accept the tax credit mechanism Trump has proposed to fuel the rebuilding of roads, bridges, sewers, airports and other public works. Schumer vowed to oppose any plan by Trump that would rely on “tax credits for developers” to spur rebuilding U.S. infrastructure. Trump earlier on Tuesday signed an executive action to expedite environmental approvals for high-priority infrastructure projects. That prompted Schumer to warn that Democrats would work to include environmental protections in any infrastructure measure that moves through the Republican-controlled Senate. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell promptly lambasted the Democrats’ proposal. “I don’t think we ought to borrow almost $1 trillion and plus-up a bunch of federal accounts, incur a lot of additional debt and don’t build any projects to speak of,” McConnell said, comparing the plan to President Barack Obama’s 2009 economic stimulus legislation that Republicans opposed. Democrats argue that an investment plan relying on developer tax credits would fail to generate enough construction and would result in the creation of too many toll roads to finance costs over the long term. Instead, Senate Democrats are seeking heavy investments by the government, including $210 billion to rebuild roads and bridges, $110 billion for water and sewage projects, $180 billion for rail and bus systems and $75 billion to rebuild schools. McConnell’s support would be essential to any infrastructure measure succeeding in Congress. Trump campaigned throughout last year on a promise to pursue a $1 trillion infrastructure program, which would come at a time when major public works projects are crumbling. The economy, however, also faces a shortage of the skilled workers needed to build roads, bridges, airports and other facilities. ",1
6060,White House accuses media of playing down inauguration crowds,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House on Saturday accused the media of framing photographs to understate the crowd that attended Donald Trump’s inauguration, a new jab in a long-running fight between the new president and the news organizations who cover him. In an unusual and fiery statement on Saturday night, White House spokesman Sean Spicer lashed out about tweeted photographs that showed large, empty spaces on the National Mall during the ceremony on Friday. “This was the largest audience ever to witness an inauguration, period. Both in person and around the globe,” Spicer said in a brief statement. “These attempts to lessen the enthusiasm about the inauguration are shameful and wrong.” Washington’s city government estimated 1.8 million people attended President Barack Obama’s 2009 inauguration, making it the largest gathering ever on the Mall.  Aerial photographs showed that the crowds for Trump’s inauguration were smaller than in 2009.   Spicer’s rebuke followed a larger-than-expected turnout for women’s marches protesting Trump across the United States on Saturday, including at the flagship event in Washington, where a crowd of hundreds of thousands clogged the streets and appeared to be larger than those who came for Trump’s inauguration. Spicer, who did not take questions from reporters, said spaces for 720,000 people were full when Trump took his oath.  He also said the National Park Service does not put out official crowd counts. “No one had numbers.” Washington’s Metro subway system said 193,000 users had entered the system by 11 a.m. on Friday, compared with 513,000 at that time during Obama’s 2009 inauguration. On Saturday, Metro reported ridership of 275,000 at 11 a.m. as it struggled to handle the crowd converging on downtown Washington for the protest march. Trump has long used the media as a foil during his unconventional climb to the White House. On Saturday, he blamed the media for making up his feud with the CIA over its investigation into Russian hacking. Spicer also criticized a reporter who made an error in a pool report during a brief ceremony in the Oval Office on Friday. Earlier, Trump called out the reporter by name at the CIA headquarters. “There’s been a lot of talk in the media about the responsibility to hold Donald Trump accountable, and I’m here to tell you it goes two ways. We’re going to hold the press accountable as well,” Spicer said. ",1
6061,USDA disavows gag-order emailed to scientific research unit,"CHICAGO (Reuters) - The U.S. Department of Agriculture said on Tuesday that an internal email sent to staff at its Agricultural Research Service unit this week calling for a suspension of “public-facing documents,” including news releases and photos, was flawed and that new guidance has been sent out to replace it. The ARS focuses on scientific research into the main issues facing agriculture, including long-term climate change. President Donald Trump has cast doubt on whether man-made climate change is real and has railed against ex-President Barack Obama’s efforts to combat it. “This internal email was released without Departmental direction, and prior to Departmental guidance being issued,” USDA said in a statement. “ARS will be providing updated direction to its staff.” It said peer-reviewed scientific papers from the unit should not be blocked. “ARS values and is committed to maintaining the free flow of information between our scientists and the American public.” The original email, sent Jan. 23, said: “Starting immediately and until further notice, ARS will not release any public-facing documents. This includes, but is not limited to, news releases, photos, fact sheets, news feeds, and social media content.” USDA officials said that after the email was sent, acting USDA Deputy Secretary Michael L. Young sent out a three-page memo to USDA agency department heads and other key agency officials outlining the interim procedures staff should follow. A copy of the interim procedures memo, dated Jan. 23 and seen by Reuters, shows many of the steps reflect either the same or similar measures taken by the previous administration. Reuters also saw a memo, dated Jan. 22, 2009, that was sent to agency officials by former Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack. The 2017 memo, however, differs in two main areas.  It centralizes the agency’s media inquiries and social media presence through the Office of the Secretary. As part of that, the memo asks USDA agencies to “review their websites, blog posts and other social media and, consistent with direction you will receive from the Office of Communication, remove references to policy priorities and initiatives of the previous Administration.” It also rescinds the ability of USDA agencies to close an office or notify local delegations of office closures. ",1
6062,"In Trump freeze, U.S. agencies delay rules affecting farm towns","NEW YORK/CHICAGO (Reuters) - U.S. regulators under the new presidential administration have instituted a freeze on rules key to the country’s farm belt, agricultural groups said on Tuesday, heightening uncertainty for some of the regions that helped propel Donald Trump into office. The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) will delay implementation of this year’s biofuels requirements along with 29 other regulations finalized in the last weeks of Barack Obama’s presidency, according to a government notice. The U.S. Department of Agriculture will pause rules affecting livestock, groups said. EPA and USDA representatives did not respond to requests for comment.  The freeze prompted worry in rural communities on Tuesday, though sources said such delays are not unheard of with a new administration. Trump won nearly two-thirds of the rural vote in November, with big agricultural states lining up for the Republican.  The more than decade-old Renewable Fuel Standard (RFS) has been stymied by regulatory delays in years past and is facing uncertainty under the new administration, including a proposed EPA chief who has been a critic of the program. The RFS, which is aimed at reducing greenhouse gas emissions and reliance on imported oil, requires that oil companies blend increasing amounts of biofuels, such as corn-based ethanol, into gasoline and diesel. Refiners that fail to do so must buy paper credits. Some in the oil industry were heartened by the news. The oil industry has lobbied heavily for changes or a repeal of the policy. “While the regulatory freeze implemented by President Trump does not change the statutory compliance of the RFS, it does provide an opportunity to take a closer look at this fundamentally flawed policy,” said Chet Thompson, president of the American Fuel and Petrochemical Manufacturers, which represents companies including oil refiners. Prices of the paper credits used by fuel companies to prove they are meeting the requirements dropped sharply after the news, falling to the lowest levels since November 2015. The Renewable Fuels Association, which represents biofuels producers, said it did not expect the procedural delay to lead to any significant changes to the requirements. The delayed fuel rules will be implemented on March 21, according to a federal register notice. About a third of the 13.6 billion bushels of corn produced in the United States in 2015 was used to make fuel ethanol, according to the National Corn Growers Association. At the USDA, “they put a regulatory freeze on everything that is in the pipeline,” said Dave Warner, spokesman for the National Pork Producers Council. The agency has put on hold new rules it had formerly said would help protect meat producers from mistreatment by packing companies and processors, he said. The pork council opposes the measures, saying they are not necessary. The freeze is also affecting new rules that would for the first time mandate specific space requirements for hens laying organic eggs, Warner said.  The U.S. Cattlemen’s Association said the delay in implementing USDA rules involving meat packers was worrisome. The group, which represents cattle producers, had supported the measures as needed to prevent anti-competitive buying practices. It was not immediately clear when or if the USDA rules would be implemented. “We are certainly on edge right now and hope that with further review the Trump administration will see the value in those rules,” said Lia Biondo, the association’s policy and outreach coordinator. ",1
6063,"Trump talks to U.S. automakers, pushes for new American plants","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump urged the chief executives of the Big Three U.S. automakers on Tuesday to build more cars in the country, pressing his pledge to bring jobs to America and discourage the car industry from investing in Mexico. Trump, who has threatened to impose 35 percent tariffs on imported vehicles, opened a White House meeting with General Motors Co CEO Mary Barra, Ford Motor Co’s Mark Fields and Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV’s Sergio Marchionne by saying he wanted to see more auto plants in the United States. In return, the new Republican president has vowed to cut regulations and taxes to make it more attractive for businesses to operate in the United States. He promised during his campaign to be a job-creating president and stressed that message in his inaugural address last Friday. “We have a very big push on to have auto plants and other plants - many other plants,” he told reporters at the start of the meeting. “It’s happening. It’s happening big league.” Matt Blunt, who heads a U.S. automaker trade association and attended the meeting, told Reuters that Trump asked what his administration could do “on domestic and trade policy that would help make the United States more competitive and strengthen the ability of automakers to add production here.” The hour-long meeting was the latest sign of Trump’s uncommon degree of intervention for a U.S. president into corporate affairs as he has repeatedly pressured automakers and other manufacturers to “buy American and hire American.” It was the first time the heads of the big three automakers met jointly with a U.S. president since a 2011 session with Barack Obama to tout a deal to nearly double fuel efficiency standards by 2025. Automakers have urged the Trump administration to rethink those aggressive mandates. The auto executives on Tuesday raised the issue of the fuel efficiency rules, trade policy and other regulatory matters, another person briefed on the meeting said. Marchionne told reporters afterward that Trump did not give them specifics on what regulations he would cut. The companies also discussed autonomous and electric vehicles and Trump asked about advanced vehicles, the person said. With flattening U.S. auto sales and excess capacity in the United States, U.S. automakers have been reluctant to open new U.S. auto plants in recent years. GM and Ford last built new U.S. assembly plants in 2004, while Fiat Chrysler opened a new transmission plant in Indiana in 2014. Kristin Dziczek, an analyst at the Michigan-based Center for Automotive Research, said automakers still had excess capacity in North America after suffering in the 1990s and 2000s from overcapacity and shifts in market share. Building a new plant would take three or more years and cost at least $1 billion, industry experts said. Automakers have expanded operations at existing U.S. plants to meet rising demand for trucks and SUVs. GM, Ford, Fiat Chrysler and foreign automakers have announced new U.S. jobs and investments in recent weeks.  Coinciding with Tuesday’s meeting, Toyota Motor Corp said it would add 400 jobs and invest $600 million in an Indiana plant, aiming to boost production of a popular SUV by 10 percent. Ford’s Fields said automakers wanted to work with Trump to create a “renaissance in American manufacturing” and that Trump’s economic priorities were encouraging, including his move on Monday to formally bow out of the 12-nation Trans-Pacific Partnership trade pact championed by Obama.  “The mother of all trade barriers is currency manipulation. And TPP failed in meaningfully dealing with that, and we appreciate the president’s courage to walk away from a bad trade deal,” Fields told reporters after the meeting. Barra said there was a “huge opportunity” to work together with the government to “improve the environment, improve safety and improve the jobs creation.” U.S. automakers have collectively added more than 78,000 jobs since 2009, the year when GM and Chrysler, now a unit of Italian-American Fiat Chrysler, filed for bankruptcy as part of government bailouts during the U.S. recession. They have invested more than $40 billion in U.S. facilities during that period.  Despite the vocal pressure from Trump, the companies are unlikely to truly change their existing business plans for now, said Sam Fiorani, vice president of global vehicle forecasting with AutoForecast Solutions. “We need to have more concrete policies from the president,” he said. “Automakers will make decisions on whether there is a solid business case. Does it make more sense to build outside the U.S. or to build in the U.S.?” GM said in 2014 it would invest $5 billion in Mexico through 2018, a move that would allow it to double its production capacity, and Barra has said the automaker is not reconsidering the plan. While automakers are adding U.S. jobs, they are also cutting U.S. production of small cars. On Monday, GM ended two shifts of production of small cars in Ohio and Michigan, cutting about 2,000 jobs. Barclays auto analyst Brian Johnson said in a note on Tuesday that “automakers will be willing to make a deal that would bring back jobs to the U.S. in return for a slower ramp of (fuel efficiency) targets and related state-level mandates.”  Auto stocks rose on Tuesday. U.S.-listed shares of Fiat Chrysler gained 5.84 percent to $10.88, while Ford was up 2.44 percent to $12.61 and GM rose 0.96 percent to $37. ",1
6064,"Trump narrows high court search, to name conservative next week","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump, poised to restore the conservative majority on the Supreme Court, met with key senators on Tuesday and promised to unveil his nominee next week, with three U.S. appeals court judges among those under close consideration. Trump met at the White House with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, Democratic leader Chuck Schumer and the top Republican and Democrat on the Judiciary Committee to discuss filling the court’s lingering vacancy caused by the death of conservative Justice Antonin Scalia more than 11 months ago. The lifetime appointment as a Supreme Court justice requires Senate confirmation. Leonard Leo, a conservative lawyer advising Trump, said the president “has definitely narrowed his focus” and is “looking very seriously” at a short list of candidates. Among the frontrunners are three conservative jurists: Neil Gorsuch, a judge on the Denver-based 10th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals; Thomas Hardiman, who serves on the Philadelphia-based 3rd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals; and William Pryor, a judge on the Atlanta-based 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals. “Judges Gorsuch and Hardiman and Pryor have received a lot of attention from the president. He knows who they are. He is familiar with their records. He’s clearly impressed with their backgrounds,” Leo said. All three were appointed to the bench by Republican former President George W. Bush. “I’ll be making my decision this week. We’ll be announcing next week. We have outstanding candidates, and we will pick a truly great Supreme Court justice,” Trump told reporters in the Oval Office. The leading candidates all have strong conservative credentials. Gorsuch joined a ruling in 2013 saying that owners of private companies can object on religious grounds to a provision of the Obamacare health insurance law requiring employers to provide insurance covering birth control for women.  Hardiman wrote an opinion in 2013 embracing a broad interpretation of the U.S. Constitution’s right to bear arms. Pryor has been an outspoken critic of the court’s 1973 landmark ruling that legalized abortion. Leo said all three are “very much in the mold of Justice Scalia,” who was among the most conservative members of the court. After the meeting with Trump, Schumer said he reiterated that the president “should pick a mainstream nominee who could earn bipartisan support” and that Democrats would fight any nominee they deem outside the mainstream. “I anticipate what we’re going to get from the president is a highly qualified, well-credentialed conservative jurist,” McConnell told reporters. Trump can name Scalia’s replacement because the Republican-led U.S. Senate, in an action with little precedent in U.S. history, last year refused to consider Democratic President Barack Obama’s nominee, appeals court judge Merrick Garland. Obama, who handed over power to Trump last Friday, nominated Garland on March 16, but Republican senators led by McConnell denied Garland the customary confirmation hearings and vote. Since Scalia’s death, the court has been deadlocked ideologically with four conservative justices and four liberals. A conservative replacement for Scalia would reinstate the court’s narrow conservative majority in place for decades. Trump’s fellow Republicans have a 52-48 majority in the  Senate. Democrats, irate over Garland’s rebuff, potentially could try to block the nomination using procedural hurdles. ",1
6065,Crowd controversy: The making of an Inauguration Day photo," (This January 23 story corrects time of 2009 photo to sometime between 12:07 p.m. and 12:26 p.m. from 1:27 p.m., in paragraph seven) By Daniel Trotta (Reuters) - The picture that lit up social media and unsettled the White House began with a trek up 50 flights of stairs, nearly to the top of the Washington Monument, for a bird’s eye view of Donald Trump’s inauguration on Friday as the 45th U.S. president.  Reuters had asked the U.S. National Park Service in an email on Jan. 13 whether a photographer could be posted on the observation level near the top of the monument, the highest vantage point overlooking the National Mall. The next business day, the park service agreed to grant Reuters access, on condition the news agency would make the picture available to other media that requested it.  Because the elevator is under renovation, photographer Lucas Jackson had to climb 897 steps to reach the 500-foot (152-meter) elevation, carrying a backpack and shoulder bag full of photo gear, plus a step ladder. “It was definitely a strenuous climb,” Jackson said. A CBS News camera operator and a Park Service photographer were the only others taking images from the observation level. Reuters published side-by-side pictures of two moments in history. One image was Trump’s inauguration on Friday, taken by Jackson just as Trump took the oath of office, Jackson said. The other picture was taken by Reuters photographer Stelios Varias from the same spot during former President Barack Obama’s first inauguration, between 12:07 p.m. and 12:26 p.m., during Obama’s inaugural address. Reuters published a combination of the two pictures at 2:02 p.m. (1902 GMT). The caption read: “A combination of photos taken at the National Mall shows the crowds attending the inauguration ceremonies to swear in U.S. President Donald Trump at 12:01 p.m. (L) on January 20, 2017 and President Barack Obama on January 20, 2009, in Washington, DC.” The caption did not state which crowd was larger. The side-by-side images soon went viral on social media sites such as Twitter, where people added commentary about the relative size of the crowds. The controversy dominated Trump’s first weekend in office. From Trump’s vantage point, the new president saw a sea of people that he estimated at 1 million to 1.5 million strong, according to his remarks on Saturday at CIA headquarters. Trump chided the “dishonest media” for showing pictures of empty spaces on the mall. Later that day, White House spokesman Sean Spicer accused  some of the media of engaging in “deliberately false reporting.”  “This was the largest audience ever to witness an inauguration, period, both in person and around the globe,” Spicer said. Spicer elaborated on Monday, saying he stood by the remark given the “tens of millions of people that watched it online” with devices that were unavailable in the past. ",1
6066,Top Senate Democrat urges Trump to name China a currency manipulator,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Senator Chuck Schumer, the top Democrat in the U.S. Senate, urged Republican President Donald Trump on Tuesday to implement one of his campaign promises and declare China a currency manipulator.  “Mr. President: if you really want to put America first, label China a currency manipulator,” Schumer told reporters. Trump’s Treasury secretary nominee Steven Mnuchin has told senators that he would work to combat currency manipulation but would not give a clear answer on whether he currently views China as manipulating its yuan, according to a Senate Finance Committee document seen by Reuters on Monday. ",1
6067,Tillerson gets first briefings at State Department: spokesman,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State-designate Rex Tillerson visited the State Department on Tuesday for briefings, a spokesman said, a day after the former oil executive narrowly won approval from a Senate committee. “Secretary-designate Tillerson visited the State Department today for briefings,” the State Department spokesman said without elaborating. It was Tillerson’s first meetings at the State Department since U.S. President Donald Trump named him as his choice for secretary of state. The Senate Foreign Relations Committee voted 11-10 on Monday to approve Tillerson, a former Exxon Mobil Corp chairman. ",1
6068,Trump health pick favors insurance for people with prior illness,"(Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s nominee to run the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services told a U.S. panel on Tuesday that he wants to ensure people with pre-existing conditions have access to health insurance, though he did not specify how. Speaking before the Senate Committee on Finance, one of two committees that oversee the health department, Representative Tom Price, a Georgia orthopedic surgeon said “nobody ought to be priced out of the market for having a bad diagnosis.” “I commit that we will not abandon individuals with preexisting illness or disease,” he said. ",1
6069,Trump health nominee says he does not back Medicare privatization,"(Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s nominee to run the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services told a congressional panel on Tuesday that he does not support the privatization of Medicare and defended his ethics record. Speaking before the Senate Committee on Finance, one of two committees that oversee the health department, Representative Tom Price said his position was consistent with that of Trump, who has stated he does not want to cut the federal health program for the elderly. Price, a Georgia orthopedic surgeon, previously supported privatization of Medicare. But he told lawmakers his role as health secretary would be very different from his role as a congressman and that his job would be to execute the wishes of Congress. “I would just convey to the Medicare population of this nation, they don’t have reason to be concerned,” he said. “We look forward to assisting them in getting the care and coverage that they need.” Senator Ron Wyden, the top Democrat on the committee, questioned Price about his stock trading while a lawmaker, including in health industry stocks that could be affected directly by legislation. “It is hard to see this as anything but a conflict of interest and an abuse of position,” Wyden said. Price defended the stock holdings, saying “everything that I did was ethical, above board, legal and transparent.”  Separately, Republican lawmakers began dismantling former President Barack Obama’s 2010 Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare. Two House of Representatives committees held hearings on Tuesday. Others will follow with the goal of putting in place  “thoughtful, step-by-step reforms that offer Americans more choices, greater access, and higher-quality care at lower costs,” the chairman of the Ways and Means committee, Kevin Brady, said in remarks to the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. Price sidestepped questions about the impact of an executive order Trump signed on his first day in office targeting Obamacare but said he is committed to carrying out “the law of the land.” Democrats also grilled Price on his plans for the Medicaid health program covering poor Americans. A senior Trump adviser, Kellyanne Conway, said in an interview on NBC’s “Sunday Today” show that Trump’s plan to replace Obamacare will include fixed payments from the government to the states to care for Medicaid patients. These payments, known as block grants, contrast with the current system in which states share the actual cost of Medicaid enrollees with the federal government. Conway said converting to a block grant system would ensure that people in charge of administering the program are “those who are closest to the people” who need care. Price has long advocated block grants for Medicaid but declined on Tuesday to overtly re-state his position, saying only that he would work to make sure “people have better healthcare, not less healthcare.” Tuesday’s hearing followed a similar hearing last week by the Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions, which also oversees the health department. Only the finance committee members will vote on the nomination. ",1
6070,Senate Democrats vow to fight any Supreme Court pick not in the 'mainstream',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer said he told President Donald Trump in a White House meeting on Tuesday that Senate Democrats would fight any Supreme Court nominee “that was outside of the mainstream.” Trump said on Tuesday he would announce his Supreme Court pick next week. The lifetime appointment as a Supreme Court justice requires Senate confirmation. “As I’ve said many times, I believe the president should pick a mainstream nominee who could earn bipartisan support for the vacant Supreme Court seat,” Schumer said in a statement. “I reiterated that view in our meeting today, and told him that Senate Democrats would fight any nominee that was outside of the mainstream,” he said. ",1
6071,"California Governor Brown vows to fight Trump, calls for civility","SACRAMENTO, Calif. (Reuters) - California Governor Jerry Brown on Tuesday issued a battle-cry against U.S. President Donald Trump, swearing in a new attorney general expected to take on his administration and vowing to defend the state’s progressive laws against federal intrusion. Without naming Trump, Brown, a Democrat, called signals from the days-old presidential administration “disturbing.” He promised to push back as Trump moves to enact campaign pledges to deport illegal immigrants and roll back climate protection. “Let me be clear. We will defend every man, woman and child who has come here for a better life and contributed to the well- being of our state,” Brown said in his annual state of the state address in Sacramento. As his first act of the day, Brown swore in veteran Democratic Congressman and lawyer Xavier Becerra as the state’s attorney general, replacing Kamala Harris, who was elected to the U.S. Senate. Brown drew standing ovations from Democrats as well as Republicans for his speech, closing with a roaring reference to the Battle Hymn of the Republic, a song associated with the Union’s side during the Civil War. “California is not turning back,” Brown cried. “Not now, not ever. His truth is marching on!”  Republicans, who make up just a third of legislators in the predominantly Democratic state, praised Brown’s passion but worried his rhetoric would alienate the new administration, putting funding for key programs at risk and lessening California’s influence. “We’re going to go to war with Washington, D.C.,” said state Senator Jim Nielsen, who represents suburban Sacramento. “That’s not going to help California.” Brown also called for civility after an election that he said exposed deep divisions in the country.  He praised Trump’s plan to spend federal money on infrastructure projects, crying “Amen to that!” and said “We all have our opinions, but for democracy to work, we have to trust each other.” Becerra, addressing reporters after Brown’s speech, said he planned to meet in the next few days with attorneys-general from other states to plan strategy. A longtime Washington insider adept at working both sides of the aisle, Becerra, who represented Los Angeles in Congress, said his first community meetings would be in the agricultural central valley, where poverty is high and voters more conservative. He said he had already met with local sheriffs from around the state, and laid out priorities that also included enforcing state laws protecting consumers, victims of human trafficking and others. ",1
6072,Factbox: Trump gives nod to Keystone XL oil pipeline,"(Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump signed an executive order on Tuesday to move forward with construction of the Keystone XL oil pipeline, rolling back key Obama administration environmental actions in favor of expanding energy infrastructure.   In 2015, former President Barack Obama rejected the cross-border crude oil line, seven years after it was first proposed, citing environmental concerns and saying it would not make a meaningful long-term contribution to the U.S. economy. Below are key facts and issues surrounding the project. The 1,179-mile (1,900-km) Keystone XL pipeline would move 830,000 barrels per day of oil sands crude from Hardisty, Alberta, across the U.S. border to Steele City, Nebraska, where it would connect with a previously approved line. The $8 billion project is backed by TransCanada, Canada’s No. 2 pipeline company. It requires a Presidential Certificate to allow the line to cross the border, which TransCanada first applied for in 2008.  Refiners on the Gulf Coast want the line to supply them with  heavy oil and supplant uncertain supplies from Mexico and Venezuela. Canadian oil sands producers want to tap the world’s largest refining market for their oil and boost the price they get for their crude.  Environmentalists have made pipelines the proxy for their battle against exploiting Alberta’s oil sands, saying production techniques there emit massive amounts of carbon dioxide, one of the greenhouse gases blamed for global warming. Obama expressed skepticism of TransCanada’s claims about the number of jobs the project would create and said he was concerned that oil extraction from Canada’s oil sands was “extraordinarily dirty”. TransCanada called the rejection “a symbolic gesture” aimed at burnishing the Obama administration’s image on climate change leadership.  Opposition in Nebraska from environmentalists and some landowners concerned about oil spills had been among several major hurdles facing the Keystone XL project. The line's route through Nebraska has been the subject of a court case in the state over whether former Governor Dave Heineman was entitled to approve the route. (reut.rs/2jbx05V) A Nebraska Supreme Court decision in 2015 ruled in support of the pipeline, but a number of Nebraskan landowners filed suits against TransCanada alleging the project violated the state's constitution. (reut.rs/2kpZzh1) In a separate legal action, TransCanada has been suing the United States in U.S. federal court, seeking to reverse the Obama administration’s rejection of the pipeline.  ",1
6073,Factbox: Dakota Access Pipeline's long journey,"(Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump signed an executive order on Tuesday allowing the Dakota Access Pipeline to go forward, after months of protests from Native American groups and climate activists pushed the Obama administration to ask for additional environmental review for the controversial project.  The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers in December turned down the request for an easement for the Dakota Access Pipeline to build under the Missouri River. Most of the pipeline has been constructed already, with the short stretch under the Missouri River remaining unbuilt. The following is a timeline of the project: December 2014 Energy Transfer Partners LP applies to the North Dakota Public Service Commission to build a 1,172-mile (1,885 km), 570,000-barrel-per-day pipeline to deliver crude oil from North Dakota’s Bakken shale fields to Patoka, Illinois, crossing South Dakota and Iowa, kicking off a year of public hearings in North Dakota. January  North Dakota regulators approve the pipeline unanimously. April 29 U.S. Army Corps of Engineers holds a hearing for Native Americans on the pipeline.  July 25 The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers approves three easements for water crossings for the pipeline at Sakakawea, the Mississippi River and Lake Oahe, which is an ancestral site for the Standing Rock Sioux tribe.  July 27 The Standing Rock Sioux Tribe sues the Army Corps of Engineers in U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia, citing violation of multiple federal statutes that authorize the pipeline’s construction and operation, and seeks an emergency order to halt construction. The tribe also alleges the pipeline threatens their environmental and economic well-being and would damage and destroy sites of historic, religious and cultural significance. The Sioux Tribe say because the pipeline goes underneath Lake Oahe, approximately half a mile upstream of the tribe’s reservation, leaks from the pipeline would be directly in the tribe’s ancestral lands. Sept. 3 Private security guards hired by Energy Transfer Partners use attack dogs and mace after violence erupted at a private construction site along the pipeline route. Six people are reportedly bitten by dogs, a scene captured on video and broadcast widely. Sept. 6 Brian Cladoosby, president of the National Congress of American Indians, which represents more than 500 tribes, speaks to nearly a dozen of President Barack Obama’s Cabinet-level advisers at a Sept. 6 meeting of the White House’s three-year-old Native American Affairs Council. Cladoosby delivers an impassioned request: Stand with Native Americans who have united with the Standing Rock Sioux tribe and block construction of the Dakota Access Pipeline.  Sept. 9 U.S. District Judge James Boasberg in Washington rejects a broad request from Native Americans to block the project. But herules that no construction activity on the Dakota Access may take place between Highway 1806 and 20 miles to the east of Lake Oahe. Construction activity to the west of Highway 1806 may proceed. The tribe appeals the decision. Sept. 9 Less than an hour after Boasberg’s decision, the U.S. Justice and Interior Departments and Army makes an unprecedented move and orders a stop to construction near Lake Oahe until the Army Corps of Engineers reviews its previous decisions and decides if it needs to conduct a fuller environmental and cultural review. Sept. 13 Energy Transfer Partners tells employees in a letter, provided to media, that it is committed to completing the project, citing that the pipeline is 60 percent complete and that it has already spent $1.6 billion so far on equipment, materials and the workforce. Oct. 9 The U.S. Court of Appeals of the District of Columbia Circuit says an administrative injunction related to the emergency motion of the Standing Rock Tribe would be dissolved, citing that Dakota Access has rights to construct on private land up to Lake Oahe. Oct. 11 Environmental activists across four states disrupt the flow of millions of barrels of crude from Canada into the United States in a rare, coordinate action that targets several key pipelines simultaneously. The protest group, the Climate Direct Action, say their move is in support of the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe. As a safety precaution, companies operating the pipelines shut off sections of the lines for several hours while they investigate.  Oct. 25 Government-to-government tribal consultations begin across six regions on how federal government decision-making on infrastructure projects could better include tribal concerns. Nov. 8 Energy Transfer Partners says it has built the pipe to the edge of Lake Oahe and reiterates its intentions to complete the project. Nov. 9 Following the surprise victory of Donald Trump in the U.S. presidential election, climate activists and the Standing Rock Sioux say they still hope President Obama will be able to kill the pipeline definitively. Analysts say the line is more than likely to go through. Nov. 14 The U.S. government, in a joint notice issued by the Department of the Interior and the Army Corps of Engineers, delays a final decision on permitting. They say the permit had followed all legal requirements, but more consultation with Native American tribes is needed. Nov. 18 Energy Transfer Partners’ CEO Kelcy Warren tells the Associated Press that the pipeline would not be re-routed.  Nov. 20 About 400 activists gather on a bridge between the camp protest and the construction path; law enforcement officers respond by using tear gas and water cannons on them in freezing temperatures.  Nov. 26 The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers tells protesters they need to leave the Oceti Sakowin Camp, the primary protest camp located on federal land, by Dec. 5. They later say they have no plans to enforce this order. Nov. 28  North Dakota Governor Jack Dalrymple issues an evacuation order for the Oceti Sakowin camp, citing harsh weather on the way. Officials the next day tell Reuters they plan on blockading the camp so supplies cannot get in. They later back off that plan and say they may just issue fines, but retreat from that idea as well. Nov. 30 A group of U.S. veterans announce they will bring more than 2,000 service members to North Dakota to stand as human shields between the protesters and law enforcement. They begin arriving over the next several days. Dec. 4 The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers denies Energy Transfer Partners’ request for an easement to run under Lake Oahe, sparking a celebration amongst protesters. ETP says it will continue to fight for the line. The incoming Trump administration has said it supports Dakota Access, along with other pipeline projects. Jan. 18  The Army Corps says it will publish a notice in the Federal Register stating its intent to prepare an environmental impact statement for the easement at Lake Oahe. ETP files a motion asking a court to bar the action in an effort to move the pipeline forward. Jan. 24 President Trump, who previously owned stock in Energy Transfer Partners, signs an order aimed at moving the pipeline, along with an unrelated pipeline, Keystone XL, to go forward.  ",1
6074,McConnell says will discuss Supreme Court pick with Trump,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell said he would meet with President Donald Trump later on Tuesday to discuss Trump’s Supreme Court pick, and that he expected the nominee to be highly qualified and conservative. “I anticipate what we’re going to get from the president is a highly qualified, well-credentialed conservative jurist,” McConnell told reporters.  ",1
6075,Minnesota governor collapses while addressing legislators," (This January 23 story corrects to amend chief of staff’s name to Jaime Tincher in paragraphs six and seven) (Reuters) - Minnesota Governor Mark Dayton collapsed on Monday while delivering his state-of-the-state address to legislators in St. Paul, but aides said afterward that Dayton quickly recovered from what they described as a fainting spell and returned home. A video clip from official statehouse footage posted on YouTube showed the 69-year-old, silver-haired governor pausing to take a sip of water, then slurring his words as he tried to resume his address before slumping at the lectern. He appeared to hit his forehead on the lectern as he lost his footing and aides rushed to grab him. Gasps rose from the assembly hall and someone was heard saying, “Get him to the ground, get him to the ground, please.” Lawmakers immediately adjourned the session while Dayton, a  member of the Democratic-affiliated Minnesota Democratic Farmer-Labor Party, was attended to. The Minneapolis Star Tribune said Dayton appeared to be seated upright and aware some moments afterward. The episode came about 40 minutes into Dayton’s speech to a joint session of the state legislature, according to a statement released by his chief of staff, Jaime Tincher. “He quickly recovered, walked out of the Capitol and turned home,” Tincher said, adding that emergency medical technicians met Dayton at his home and performed a “routine check” on him there. “He is now spending time with his son and grandson” and would present his 2017 budget to legislators on Tuesday morning as planned.  Gubernatorial spokesman Sam Fettig said the governor, now midway through his second four-year term, did not go to a hospital. Fettig declined to say what might have caused the governor’s collapse but said he believed Dayton to be otherwise in good health. Dayton’s son, Eric, posted a separate message on Twitter saying, “I’m with my dad now and he’s doing great. Thank you all for your kind well-wishes and words of concern.” Dayton was briefly hospitalized about a year ago after fainting while speaking during an event in the St. Paul suburb of Woodbury. Aides said then that he was treated for dehydration before being released. Dayton served six years at a U.S. senator from Minnesota before he was elected to his first term as governor in 2010. ",1
6076,"Trump signs executive orders on manufacturing, infrastructure","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Tuesday signed an executive order directing that the permitting process and regulatory burden for domestic manufacturers should be streamlined to reduce what he called “the incredibly cumbersome, long, horrible” process. “Sometimes it takes many, many years and we don’t want that to happen. If it’s a ‘no,’ we’ll get a quick ‘no.’ If it’s a ‘yes,’ it’s like, let’s start building,” he said. Among a total of five actions signed by Trump in an Oval Office ceremony, he also signed orders to expedite environmental review and approval of high-priority infrastructure projects, to accelerate the Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipeline projects and to decree that any pipelines intended for the United States should be built in the country. He said: “We will build our own pipeline. We will build our own pipes, as we used to in the old days.” ",1
6077,Court appeal argues California emissions trading plan akin to 'illegal tax',"SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Parties in a four-year-old legal challenge to California’s emissions trading program will head to court in Sacramento on Tuesday with a business group arguing the billions the program collected amounts to an “illegal tax” on businesses.  California’s cap-and-trade program sets an overall limit on greenhouse gas emissions (GHGs) and either hands out or sells a declining number of state-issued permits, which large manufacturers and oil refineries are required to turn in annually. The lawsuit by business group CalChamber argues that the state legislature never authorized the California Air Resources Board (ARB) to collect revenue from the program when it passed AB 32, its landmark climate change law.  Revenue from the program funds clean energy programs, especially in poorer communities, and helps finance the state’s ambitious high speed rail project.  “The lawsuit does not challenge any of the provisions of AB 32, including cap-and-trade authority, nor the merits of climate change science,” said Denise Davis of the CalChamber.  It just argues that the state has no right to sell permits and generate revenue, she said.  The ARB prevailed in Sacramento Superior Court in 2013 after successfully arguing that it was given broad authority to design a program to meet emissions targets, including the sale of permits.   CalChamber’s appeal of that ruling has kept the issue alive, casting a shadow over the emissions trading market, which has at times suffered a lack of participation due to uncertainty over its future. Despite the state’s earlier victory, the Third Appellate District Court’s request last year for supplemental information indicates they are taking a close look, experts said.  “The Court is taking its full examination of the legal issues in this case very seriously,” said Allison Smith, who has written on the case and is a partner with Stoel Rives LLP, which is not involved in the case. The three-judge panel is expected to render a decision within 90 days.   ",1
6078,U.S. Republican ties lower business tax rate to border adjustment,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A leading Republican lawmaker warned on Tuesday that Congress will not be able to lower the U.S. corporate tax rate to the 15 to 20 percent range sought by President Donald Trump unless a controversial “border adjustment” proposal remains part of tax reform. The proposal, known as border adjustability, represents a dramatic departure from current U.S. policy. It would exempt export revenues from taxation but impose a 20 percent tax on imports.  Escalating the war of words over a measure opposed by retailers, oil refiners and automakers, House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady said there would be “severe consequences” for tax reform, U.S. competition and Trump’s job creation goals if special interests succeed in blocking border adjustability. “Tax rates on businesses would have to increase significantly from the proposed 15 percent and 20 percent rates, undercutting our ability to make America competitive again,” the Texas Republican told the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. Brady was speaking a day after Trump said his administration is trying to get the current 35 percent corporate tax rate down to between the 15 percent rate he has proposed and the 20 percent rate contained in the tax reform blueprint unveiled last June by Brady and House Speaker Paul Ryan. Analysts say Trump could have trouble getting the rate much below 30 percent without border adjustability. The provision would also go far to pay for lower tax rates by raising more than $1 trillion in revenues over a decade, according to independent analysts. House Republicans have billed the provision as a way to attract foreign investment and keep U.S. companies and jobs from moving overseas. “This is something that we think is clearly going to get our system re-set so that American jobs and American businesses and American companies stay in this country,” Ryan told reporters. But it has powerful adversaries including billionaire industrialists Charles and David Koch, who spend heavily to support Republican candidates and conservative policies. Trump himself poured cold water on the proposal in a recent Wall Street Journal interview, calling it “too complicated” and worrying that it would result in “a bad deal” for America.  Critics claim the measure would raise consumer prices for goods from apparel and electronics to gasoline, while potentially violating international trade rules.  House Republicans say the measure would neutralize higher import costs by strengthening the dollar and insist that it would pass muster with trade authorities. ",1
6079,Standing Rock Sioux tribe opposes Trump order on Dakota pipeline: statement,"(Reuters) - The Standing Rock Sioux tribe in a statement on Tuesday said it opposed U.S. President Donald Trump’s executive order that would allow the Dakota Access Pipeline to move forward.  The tribe, in a statement, said the $3.8 billion project would contaminate U.S. and tribal water supply, and that it intends to take legal action against the decision. Separately, a lawyer for the tribe said the action was being done “hastily and irresponsibly.”  ",1
6080,Ryan says Trump to address joint session of Congress Feb. 28,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) -  U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said on Tuesday he has invited President Donald Trump to address a joint session of Congress on Feb. 28. “This will be an opportunity for the people and their representatives to hear directly from our new president about his vision in our shared agenda,” Ryan, leader of the Republican-controlled House, said at a news conference. ",1
6081,U.S. Senate panel approves Carson for housing secretary post,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Ben Carson, President Donald Trump’s nominee to lead U.S. housing policy, won approval on Tuesday from the Senate committee reviewing the qualifications of the retired neurosurgeon and former Republican presidential candidate. The endorsement by the Senate Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, by a voice vote shown on its website, cleared the way for a full Senate vote on Carson’s appointment as secretary of the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD). Carson, 65, had promised senators on the committee during a confirmation hearing that he would monitor any potential conflicts of interest between his agency and properties controlled by real estate mogul Trump. He also told lawmakers during a hearing on Jan. 12 that he was fit to lead HUD, an agency that offers housing to the poor, even though he has sometimes criticized its work. ",1
6082,"U.S. Senate panel advances Ross, Chao nominations on voice vote","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. Senate committee swiftly approved Republican President Donald Trump’s nominees for commerce and transportation secretaries by voice vote on Tuesday, signaling that they will face little resistance to approval by the full Senate. Members of the Senate Commerce, Science and Transportation Committee voiced no objections to the nominations of billionaire investor Wilbur Ross, 79, as commerce secretary and veteran government administrator Elaine Chao, 63, as transportation secretary. Republicans control the Commerce committee by a single vote.  The single voice vote for the two nominees marked a stark contrast from Monday’s 11-10 vote by the Senate Foreign Relations committee to advance the nomination of former Exxon Chief Executive Officer Rex Tillerson to be secretary of state. All Democrats on that panel voted against Tillerson.  Ross, a corporate turnaround expert who made his fortune investing in distressed steel, textile, auto parts companies and banks, is expected to take a lead role in shaping Trump’s trade policies. These are aimed at protecting U.S. manufacturers from imports, renegotiating the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) and pursuing bilateral trade deals after Trump signed an order on Monday to cancel the 12-country Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal. Chao would play a key role in Trump’s plan to significantly raise government spending on U.S. infrastructure, including roads and bridges, an initiative that has strong support from Democrats and many Republicans.  ",1
6083,Microsoft victory in overseas email seizure case is upheld,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - An equally divided federal appeals court refused to reconsider its landmark decision forbidding the U.S. government from forcing Microsoft Corp and other companies to turn over customer emails stored on servers outside the United States. Tuesday’s 4-4 vote by the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Manhattan let stand a July 14 decision that was seen as a victory for privacy advocates, and for technology companies offering cloud computing and other services worldwide. But the dissenting judges said that decision by a three-judge panel could hamstring law enforcement, and called on the U.S. Supreme Court or Congress to reverse it. “The panel majority’s decision does not serve any serious, legitimate, or substantial privacy interest,” Circuit Judge Jose Cabranes wrote in dissent. Peter Carr, a U.S. Department of Justice spokesman, said: “We are reviewing the decision and its multiple dissenting opinions and considering our options.” Microsoft had no immediate comment. In the July decision, Circuit Judge Susan Carney ruled that Microsoft could not be forced to turn over emails sought for a narcotics case, but stored on a server in Dublin, Ireland. Though Microsoft is based in Washington state, Carney said the emails were beyond the reach of domestic search warrants issued under the federal Stored Communications Act, a 1986 law. Microsoft was thought to be the first U.S. company to challenge a domestic search warrant seeking data held outside the country. The case attracted significant attention from technology and media companies concerned that a ruling for the government could jeopardize the privacy of customers, and make them less likely to use cloud services if they thought data could be seized. Microsoft’s position was supported by dozens of technology and media companies including Amazon.com, Apple, CNN, Fox News Network and Verizon Communications, as well as the American Civil Liberties Union and U.S. Chamber of Commerce. But Tuesday’s dissenters said it should not matter where the emails were stored because Microsoft was a U.S. company. They also said the panel did not properly address the challenges that electronic data storage poses for law enforcement. “It has substantially burdened the government’s legitimate law enforcement efforts; created a roadmap for the facilitation of criminal activity; and impeded programs to protect the national security of the United States and its allies,” Cabranes wrote. The judge expressed hope that the panel’s view of the 1986 law “can be rectified as soon as possible by a higher judicial authority or by the Congress.” The case is Microsoft v U.S., 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, No. 14-2985. ",1
6084,Trump plans to keep Comey as FBI director: source,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump intends to keep FBI Director James Comey in his post, a person familiar with the decision said on Tuesday, amid reports that U.S. law enforcement and intelligence agencies are scrutinizing Trump associates over their ties to Russia. Comey, a Republican, drew furious criticism from Democrats  for announcing just 11 days before the Nov. 8 election that the FBI was looking at additional emails related to Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton’s use of a private server. Four days after the election, Clinton privately blamed Comey for her election loss to Trump, telling donors Trump was able to use the FBI chief’s comments about the emails to attack her in the waning days of the campaign. On Sunday, Comey got a warm handshake and pat on the back from Trump during a reception at the White House. On Tuesday, Trump would not confirm that Comey was staying on when asked about it during an Oval Office appearance with top U.S. auto industry executives. The news about Comey keeping his job was first reported by the New York Times, which said he told his top agents Trump had asked him to remain in the post he has held since 2013. An FBI director is appointed to serve a 10-year term, but may be fired by the president at any time. For example, former President Bill Clinton in 1993 dismissed William Sessions after a Justice Department internal watchdog report that revealed unethical conduct such as taking FBI aircraft on personal trips.  Trump had sharply criticized the Justice Department during the campaign for not bringing criminal charges against Clinton for her use of a private email server to conduct government business during her 2009-13 tenure as secretary of state. Comey sent a letter to the U.S. Congress on Oct. 28 announcing that the FBI was investigating more emails as part of its investigation into whether Clinton mishandled classified information when she used the private email server. The FBI director then announced two days before the election that a review of the new emails did not change the bureau’s previous finding that no criminal charges were warranted against Clinton, but the political damage had already been done. The Times reported last week that U.S. law enforcement and intelligence agencies are looking into intercepted communications and financial transactions as part of a wider investigation into potential ties between Russian officials and Trump associates including former campaign chairman Paul Manafort. ",1
6085,More Californians dreaming of a country without Trump: poll,"SACRAMENTO, Calif. (Reuters) - The election of Republican businessman Donald Trump as president of the United States has some Californians dreaming - of their own country. One in every three California residents supports the most populous U.S. state’s peaceful withdrawal from the union, according to a new Reuters/Ipsos opinion poll, many of them Democrats strongly opposed to Trump’s ascension to the country’s highest office.  The 32 percent support rate is sharply higher than the last time the poll asked Californians about secession, in 2014, when one-in-five or 20 percent favored it around the time Scotland held its independence referendum and voted to remain in the United Kingdom.  California also far surpasses the national average favoring secession, which stood at 22 percent, down from 24 percent in 2014.  The poll surveyed 500 Californians among more than 14,000 adults nationwide from Dec. 6 to Jan. 19 and has a credibility interval, a measure of accuracy, of one percentage point nationally and five percentage points in California. The idea of secession is largely a settled matter in the United States, though the impulse to break away carries on in some corners of the country, most notably in Texas. While interest has remained about the same nationwide, it has found more favor in California and the concept has even earned a catchy name - “Calexit.” “I don’t think it’s likely to happen, but if things get really bad it could be an option,” said Stephen Miller, 70, a retired transportation planner who lives in Sacramento and told pollsters he “tended to support” secession. During the campaign, Trump alienated many in the Democratic-leaning state with his promises to crack down on illegal immigration, threats of creating a Muslim registry, remarks women found offensive and vows to repeal the Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare. “There’s such hostility towards Trump that many citizens believe it would be smarter to leave than fight,” said Democratic political consultant Steve Maviglio, who last year ran the campaign against a proposed ballot initiative to break California into six states. ANTI-TRUMP PROTESTS With 39 million residents and the sixth-largest economy in the world, California is already a nation-state, Maviglio said. In November’s election, the state broke nearly two-to-one in favor of Trump’s Democratic opponent, Hillary Clinton. In practice, secession is highly unlikely, facing political, legal and possibly even military obstacles, considering that the United States fought the Civil War over the secession of the South, Maviglio and others said.    Trump’s election gave a huge boost to the quixotic campaign to remove California from the United States called Yes California, run by a former conservative turned progressive who now lives in Russia. Dubbed “Calexit” by pundits comparing the effort to “Brexit” - Britain’s vote to withdraw from the European Union - Yes California’s email list jumped from fewer than 2,500 before the election to 115,069 currently, the group’s president, Louis Marinelli, said in a telephone interview. Marinelli, who moved to Yekaterinburg, about 1,000 miles (1,600 km) east of Moscow, in September and has lived in Russia on and off for several years, said he became disenchanted with the United States after difficulties arose with the immigration process for his Russian-born wife. On Friday, activists from the group waved signs saying “California out of the United States” and “U.S. out of California” at anti-Trump protests in Los Angeles and San Francisco, Marinelli said. They have requested approval from the state to begin collecting signatures for a pro-secession ballot initiative. In Lodi, California, Democratic party activist Bruce Rubly, who told Reuters/Ipsos pollsters that he “strongly supported” California secession, said he thinks it could happen if Trump and the Republicans who dominate the U.S. Congress impose conservative policies on such issues as the environment, immigration and marijuana legalization. “There’s a whole series of things that are going to get Californians riled up,” said Rubly, 68. “And if he pushes those buttons in the wrong way, there’s going to be hell to pay.”  ",1
6086,"After U.S. exit, Asian nations try to save TPP trade deal","WELLINGTON/TOKYO (Reuters) - Australia and New Zealand said on Tuesday they hope to salvage the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) by encouraging China and other Asian countries to join the trade pact after U.S. President Donald Trump kept a promise to abandon the accord. The TPP, which the United States had signed but not ratified, was a pillar of former U.S. President Barack Obama’s policy to pivot to Asia.  Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has touted it as an engine of economic reform, as well as a counter-weight to a rising China, which is not a TPP member. Fulfilling a campaign pledge, Trump signed an executive order in the Oval Office on Monday pulling the United States out of the 2015 TPP agreement and distancing the United States from its Asian allies. Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said he had held discussions with Abe, New Zealand Prime Minister Bill English and Singapore Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong overnight about the possibility of proceeding without the United States. “Losing the United States from the TPP is a big loss, there is no question about that,” Turnbull told reporters in Canberra on Tuesday. “But we are not about to walk away ... certainly there is potential for China to join the TPP.” In Beijing, Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying did not say directly whether China would be interested in joining the TPP but that at a time of economic uncertainly the Asia-Pacific should make its own contributions to growth with openness. “We think that in the present situation, no matter what happens, all should keep going down the path of open, inclusive, continuous development, seeking cooperation and win-win,” Hua told a daily news briefing.  Obama had framed the TPP without China in an effort to write Asia’s trade rules before Beijing could, establishing U.S. economic leadership in the region as part of his “pivot to Asia”. China has proposed a counter pact, the Free Trade Area of the Asia Pacific (FTAAP) and has championed the Southeast Asian-backed Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership (RCEP). Hua said efforts on FTAAP should be stepped up, adding China hoped talks on RCEP could be concluded at an early date. New Zealand’s English said the United States was ceding influence to China and the region’s focus could switch to alternative trade deals. “We’ve got this RCEP agreement with Southeast Asia, which up until now has been on a bit of a slow burn, but we might find the political will for that to pick up if TPP isn’t going to proceed,” English said. Malaysia’s trade minister said negotiators from the remaining TPP countries would be in “constant communication” to decide the best way forward. “Notwithstanding the current position of the new U.S. administration on (TPP), we will continue to engage with our American colleagues to strengthen our bilateral trade and economic relations, given the U.S.’s importance as our third-largest trading partner and a major source of investment,” Mustapa Mohamed said in a statement. The TTP, which has been five years in the making, requires ratification by at least six countries accounting for 85 percent of the combined gross domestic product of the member nations. Australia held open the possibility of China, the world’s top exporter, joining a revised deal. “The original architecture was to enable other countries to join,” Australian Trade Minister Steven Ciobo told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation on Tuesday. “Certainly I know that Indonesia has expressed interest and there would be scope for China if we are able to reformulate it.” Japan has led the push for the partnership, which includes Brunei, Canada, Chile, Malaysia, Mexico, Peru and Vietnam. “There is no change to our view that free trade is the source of economic growth,” Japanese Economy Minister Nobuteru Ishihara told reporters. When asked whether Japan would be open to negotiating a bilateral trade pact with the United States, Ishihara said it was uncertain whether U.S. trade officials would start such negotiations. Japanese Deputy Chief Cabinet Secretary Koichi Hagiuda said separately that Japan was not considering moves with other TPP members based on a lack of U.S. involvement. “As Prime Minister Abe has made clear, TPP without the United States is meaningless and the balance of interests would crumble,” he told a news conference, adding Japan would keep explaining the benefits of the pact for America. Abe had made TPP a core of his economic growth policies and along with the Obama administration, viewed it as strategically vital in the face of a rising China Trump took office on Friday and pledged to end what he called an “American carnage” of rusted factories and crime. He vowed to bring jobs back by renegotiating what he called bad multilateral trade deals in favor of bilateral ones. New Zealand Trade Minister Todd McClay said he had talked with a number of TPP-member ministers at the World Economic Forum in Davos last week and he expected they would meet in coming months. “The agreement still has value as a FTA (Free Trade Agreement) with the other countries involved,” McClay said in an emailed statement to Reuters. ",1
6087,"Trump pulls U.S. out of Pacific trade deal, loosening Asia ties","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump formally withdrew the United States from the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal on Monday, distancing America from its Asian allies, as China’s influence in the region rises. Fulfilling a campaign pledge to end American involvement in the 2015 pact, Trump signed an executive order in the Oval Office pulling the United States out of the 12-nation TPP. Trump, who wants to boost U.S. manufacturing, said he would seek one-on-one trade deals with countries that would allow the United States to quickly terminate them in 30 days “if somebody misbehaves.” “We’re going to stop the ridiculous trade deals that have taken everybody out of our country and taken companies out of our country,” the Republican president said as he met with union leaders in the White House’s Roosevelt Room. The TPP accord, backed heavily by U.S. business, was negotiated by former Democratic President Barack Obama’s administration but never approved by Congress.  Obama had framed TPP, which excluded China, as an effort to write Asia’s trade rules before Beijing could, establishing U.S. economic leadership in the region as part of his “pivot to Asia.” China has proposed a Free Trade Area of the Asia Pacific and has also championed the Southeast Asian-backed Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership.  Trump has sparked worries in Japan and elsewhere in the Asia-Pacific with his opposition to the TPP and his campaign demands for U.S. allies to pay more for their security.    His trade stance mirrors a growing feeling among Americans that international trade deals have hurt the U.S. job market. Republicans have long held the view that free trade is a must, but that mood has been changing. “It’s going to be very difficult to fight that fight,” said Lanhee Chen, a Hoover Institution fellow who was domestic policy adviser to 2012 Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney. “Trump is reflecting a trend that has been apparent for many years.” Harry Kazianis, director of defense studies at the Center for the National Interest think tank in Washington, said Trump must now find an alternative way to reassure allies in Asia. “This could include multiple bilateral trade agreements. Japan, Taiwan and Vietnam should be approached first as they are key to any new Asia strategy that President Trump will enact,” he said. Trump is also working to renegotiate the North American Free  Trade Agreement to provide more favorable terms to the United States, telling reporters he would meet leaders of NAFTA partners Mexico and Canada to get the process started. The new president met with a dozen American manufacturers at the White House on Monday, pledging to slash regulations and cut corporate taxes - but warning them he would take action on trade deals he felt were unfair. Trump, who took office on Friday, has promised to bring factories back to the United States - an issue he said helped him win the Nov. 8 election. He has not hesitated to call out by name companies he thinks should bring outsourced production back home. He said those businesses that choose to move plants outside the country would pay a price. “We are going to be imposing a very major border tax on the product when it comes in,” Trump said. He asked the group of chief executives from companies including Ford Motor Co, Dell Technologies Inc, Tesla Motors Inc and others to make recommendations in 30 days to stimulate manufacturing, Dow Chemical Co Chief Executive Officer Andrew Liveris told reporters. Liveris said the CEOs discussed the border tax “quite a bit” with Trump, explaining “the sorts of industry that might be helped or hurt by that.” “Look: I would take the president at his word here. He’s not going to do anything to harm competitiveness,” Liveris said. “He’s going to actually make us all more competitive.” At part of the meeting observed by reporters, Trump provided no details on how the border tax would work.  The U.S. dollar fell to a seven-week low against a basket of other major world currencies on Monday, and global stock markets were shaky amid investor concerns about Trump’s protectionist rhetoric. “A company that wants to fire all of its people in the United States, and build some factory someplace else, and then thinks that that product is going to just flow across the border into the United States - that’s not going to happen,” he said. The president told the CEOs he would like to cut corporate taxes to the 15 percent to 20 percent range, down from current statutory levels of 35 percent - a pledge that will require cooperation from the Republican-led U.S. Congress. But he said business leaders have told him that reducing regulations is even more important. “We think we can cut regulations by 75 percent. Maybe more,” Trump told business leaders.  “When you want to expand your plant, or when Mark wants to come in and build a big massive plant, or when Dell wants to come in and do something monstrous and special – you’re going to have your approvals really fast,” Trump said, referring to Mark Fields, CEO of Ford. Fields said he was encouraged by the tone of the meeting. “I know I come out with a lot of confidence that the president is very, very serious on making sure that the United States economy is going to be strong and have policies - tax, regulatory or trade - to drive that,” he said. Trump told the executives that companies were welcome to negotiate with governors to move production between states. ",1
6088,Trump's exit from Pacific trade deal opens door for Germany: Gabriel,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany would take advantage of any trade opportunities in Asia and South America left by a protectionist United States, Vice Chancellor Sigmar Gabriel said, after U.S. President Donald Trump withdrew from the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP). “If Trump starts a trade war with Asia and South America, it will open opportunities for us,” Gabriel told Handelsblatt newspaper in an interview published on Tuesday.  “Trump must simply recognize that the U.S. economy often isn’t competitive, while the German (economy) is,” he said, criticizing Trump’s threat to impose a 35 percent tariff on German cars imported from Mexico. Trump signed an executive order formally withdrawing from the 12-nation TPP on Monday, following through on a promise made during his election campaign. He called the move a “great thing for the American worker”. Gabriel - Economy Minister and leader of the center-left Social Democrats (SPD), who is expected to run against Chancellor Angela Merkel in September’s election - said German industry should remain confident in the face of Trump’s moves. Barely 10 percent of German exports go to the United States, Gabriel said, while 60 percent go to other countries in Europe. “You can see the weight of our economic interests,” said Gabriel. “Germany should act with self-confidence and not be fearful or servile.” “We are a highly successful, technologically advanced export nation with many hard-working people and smart companies.” Bernd Lange, a Social Democrat and chairman of the trade committee in the European Parliament, told broadcaster rbb that Germany and the European Union should look into expanding trade with China and other countries. “We must certainly speak with China because it is trying to jump into the gap left by the United States, even if they have other practices,” he said. Lange said the European Union should also push for closer ties with countries that had similar values, including Canada, Japan and Australia. He said he expected the European Parliament to approve a free trade agreement with Canada by a large majority.     ",1
6089,Trump makes early move on restricting abortions around the world,"NEW YORK (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Monday reinstated a global gag rule that bans U.S.-funded groups around the world from discussing abortion, a move that was widely expected but nonetheless dismayed women’s rights advocates. The rule, which affects American non-governmental organizations working abroad, is one that incoming presidents have used to signal their positions on abortion rights. It was created under U.S. President Ronald Reagan in 1984. Trump, an abortion opponent, signed the reinstatement directive at a ceremony in the White House on his fourth day in office. Former President Barack Obama had lifted the gag rule in 2009 when he took office. “Women’s health and rights are now one of the first casualties of the Trump administration,” said Serra Sippel, president of the Center for Health and Gender Equity in Washington. “The global gag rule has been associated with an increase in unsafe abortions and we expect that Trump’s global gag rule will cost women their lives,” she said. Reinstatement of the gag rule, formally the Mexico City policy, comes just two days after crowds of people marched in cities around the world in a show of unity for women’s rights, among them abortion access. While no official estimates were available, organizers said nearly five million people participated. The far-reaching gag rule affects groups getting funding from the U.S. Agency for International Development, even if they use separate money for abortion services, counseling or referrals, advocates note. “It is appalling to dictate to civil society groups and health care providers how they can spend their own money and force them to withhold from women critical information about and access to the full range of reproductive health care,” said Nancy Northup, president of the U.S.-based Center for Reproductive Rights. The policy puts groups that provide women’s health care in an “untenable position,” said Brian Dixon of Population Connection Action Fund. They can either accept the restriction to keep their funding or they can reject the restriction and lose their funding, Dixon said. “Either choice hurts the women that rely on them.”  Following the rule’s inception in 1984, former President Bill Clinton revoked it when he took office in 1993 and former President George W. Bush reinstated it in 2001. “Life-saving global health funding should not be a political football,” said Ann Starrs, head of the Guttmacher Institute, a leading reproductive rights group.  There is no evidence the rule reduces abortion, she said. “In fact, by targeting funding for overseas family planning programs, it may well have the opposite effect by making it harder for many women to avoid unintended pregnancy, which in turn would increase recourse to unsafe procedures by women who cannot access safe abortion care,” she said. ",1
6090,Senate panel clears Tillerson's path to be secretary of state,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump’s choice for secretary of state, former Exxon Mobil Corp (XOM.N) Chairman Rex Tillerson, narrowly won approval from a Senate committee on Monday, but is expected to be confirmed by the full Senate.     The Senate Foreign Relations Committee voted 11-10 to approve Tillerson, with every Republican backing the former oil executive and every Democrat opposing him. His approval by the panel, a victory for Trump, had been in doubt until earlier on Monday, when Senator Marco Rubio, a committee member who had been Tillerson’s most vocal Republican critic, said he would back the nominee. Tillerson’s confirmation by the 100-member Senate, where Republicans hold 52 seats, is not expected before next week. Democrats want more time to debate and the chamber may not be in session all this week. Rubio’s backing had been in doubt after his tough questioning during Tillerson’s confirmation hearing, focusing on issues including concerns about Tillerson’s support for human rights. Rubio ultimately decided he would approve the nominee in deference to Trump, as well as to fill a critical top job. Democrats said they voted against Tillerson over fears he might lift sanctions on Russia, where he did business for years, questions about his views on human rights and his refusal to recuse himself from matters related to his former employer during his entire term as the top U.S. diplomat. Tillerson pledged to recuse himself only for the year required by law. Amid Democratic anger over allegations that Russia interfered in the 2016 presidential election, Tillerson also raised committee hackles by saying he did not know Exxon Mobil lobbied against sanctions on Russia while he was running the company.  Senator Ben Cardin, the committee’s top Democrat, said Tillerson’s “business orientation” and responses at his hearing “could compromise his ability as secretary of state to forcefully promote the values and ideals that have defined our country and our leading role in the world for more than 200 years.” The Senate confirmed only two of Trump’s Cabinet nominees on Friday, his Inauguration Day, a relatively low number among recent presidencies. Democrats have been unable to block any of his choices because they changed Senate rules in 2013 to allow nominees to be confirmed with just a majority, not 60 votes. Instead, they have used Senate rules to slow the confirmation of nominees they say hold extreme views, are unqualified or have not completed ethics disclosures.  ",1
6091,Senate energy panel delays Tuesday votes on Perry and Zinke,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Senate energy committee said late Monday it had delayed “until further notice” a meeting on Tuesday in which the panel had been slated to vote on President Donald Trump’s nominee for secretary of the interior, Rep. Ryan Zinke, and his pick for secretary of energy, Rick Perry. The panel gave no reason for the delay. ",1
6092,Donald Trump in first full week as U.S. president,"(Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump addressed business and trade issues on Monday. Highlights of the day follow: Trump formally withdraws the United States from the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal, distancing America from Asian allies as China’s influence in the region rises. Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto says his country will aim to keep tariff-free commerce with North American Free Trade Agreement partners Canada and the United States in its talks with the Trump administration. Canada has a “very special status” and is unlikely to be hit hard by changes the United States wants to make to the NAFTA trade accord, the head of a business advisory council to Trump says. Trump meets with a dozen prominent U.S. manufacturers, promising to cut regulations and corporate taxes but warning them of penalties if they move production outside the country. Trump meets at the White House with leaders of construction, carpenters, plumbers and sheet metal unions, the administration says. Trump will have breakfast on Tuesday with the chief executives of General Motors Co, Ford Motor Co and Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV as he pressures automakers to boost American employment. The U.S. Senate confirms Representative Mike Pompeo as Trump’s CIA director.   Trump’s choice for secretary of state, former Exxon Mobil Corp Chairman Rex Tillerson, narrowly wins approval from a Senate committee and is expected to be confirmed by the full Senate.    The White House says national security adviser Michael Flynn held just two phone calls with Russia’s ambassador to Washington, amid reports that Flynn’s communications are being scrutinized by U.S. counterintelligence agents. The Trump administration vows to prevent China from taking territory in international waters in the South China Sea, something Chinese media has said would require Washington to “wage war.” Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi discussed terrorism and extremism in a call with Trump, and Trump applauded Egypt’s efforts on those fronts, Sisi’s office says. A White House spokesman says Trump will announce a nominee in the next couple of weeks to fill a vacancy on the U.S. Supreme Court. Two Republican senators say U.S. states should be allowed to stay in the Obamacare medical insurance program if they like.  Trump dismisses allegations in a new lawsuit accusing him of violating the U.S. Constitution by letting his hotels and other businesses accept payments from foreign governments. ",1
6093,U.S. Senate confirms Pompeo to be Trump's CIA director,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate confirmed Representative Mike Pompeo as President Donald Trump’s CIA director on Monday, after a delay tied to some lawmakers’ worries he might expand surveillance or allow the use of certain interrogation techniques widely considered torture. Sixty-six senators backed Pompeo and 32 voted against. All the opposition was from Democrats, except for Senator Rand Paul, a leading Republican advocate for strict control of surveillance. Shortly afterward, Pompeo was sworn in by Vice President Mike Pence. Some senators felt Pompeo, 53, had not pledged strongly enough to allow only the use of interrogation techniques included in the Army Field Manual, as required by law, rather than return to waterboarding and other “enhanced interrogation techniques,” or EITs, used by the CIA in the years after the Sept. 11 attacks. Trump’s predecessor, Barack Obama, signed an executive order in 2009 banning waterboarding - a form of simulated drowning - and other EITs, which are denounced by many lawmakers and rights groups as torture. In response to written questions from the Senate Intelligence Committee, Pompeo said he was open to changing policy under certain circumstances. “I will consult with experts... on whether the Army Field Manual uniform application is an impediment to gathering vital intelligence to protect the country.” Pompeo wrote. Trump promised during his presidential campaign to bring back waterboarding and “a hell of a lot worse.” Democratic Senator Ron Wyden spoke for more than an hour in the Senate in opposition to Pompeo’s nomination, saying he had provided inconsistent answers on surveillance and interrogation tactics, making it impossible to know how he would implement policy at the CIA. Wyden cited an op-ed Pompeo co-authored last year that called for restarting the bulk collection of domestic telephone metadata and combining it with financial and lifestyle information into one searchable database.  He accused Pompeo of having proposed “the most sweeping new surveillance program I have ever heard of.” Paul wrote in an op-ed: “I voted against the new CIA Director because I worry that his desire for security will trump his defense of liberty.” Most Republicans called Pompeo, a member of the House Intelligence Committee, an excellent choice. Senator John McCain, a leader of the fight for legislation barring the use of the rough interrogation methods, said: “I have no reason to doubt Congressman Pompeo’s word.”  McCain added: “I fully support his confirmation. Going forward, I will continue to closely monitor this issue, and use my oversight powers to ensure the law is obeyed.”  ",1
6094,Republicans propose giving U.S. states option to keep Obamacare,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Two Republican senators said on Monday that U.S. states should be allowed to stay in the Obamacare medical insurance program if they like, with one also saying she was confused by President Donald Trump’s broad but unspecific executive order targeting the program. Trump and congressional Republicans campaigned on a promise to dismantle Obamacare, and they are working on carrying out that pledge as an early product of united Republican control of the White House and Congress. But the legislative proposal by Senators Susan Collins of Maine and Bill Cassidy of Louisiana would let states choose to keep Obamacare or move to a replacement program, for which states would also receive some federal funding. Cassidy, himself a doctor, said such an approach could help attract Democratic votes that will be needed for an eventual replacement for Obamacare, former Democratic President Barack Obama’s health insurance program approved in 2010. The proposal did not, however, win over the Senate’s leading Democrat, Chuck Schumer, who denounced the idea as an “empty facade” and a “far cry” from a full replacement for Obamacare. Democrats strongly oppose a repeal of Obamacare, officially called the Affordable Care Act. But after a meeting Monday of congressional leaders and Trump, House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi said Democrats were willing to discuss Republican healthcare proposals if they accomplish the same goals. “Well, we talked about the Affordable Care Act, and said, what the Affordable Care Act has been successful in doing is improving quality, expanding access and lowering costs. And any proposal that they might have that does that – we’d be interested in hearing about,” Pelosi said after the meeting at the White House. At the Republican news conference earlier, Collins called Trump’s executive order issued Friday against Obamacare “very confusing,” adding that whatever actions the Trump administration takes, legislation will still be needed to replace the law. “We really don’t know yet what the impact will be,” Collins, a moderate Republican, said, adding that it will be difficult to assess the order’s impact until there is a new Cabinet secretary in place in charge of health. Trump signed his executive order on Friday within hours of taking office. It directs U.S. agencies to “waive, defer, grant exemptions from, or delay the implementation” of provisions of Obamacare deemed to impose fiscal burdens on states, companies or individuals. The order did not specify which parts of Obamacare would be affected or the timing. Trump’s nominee to head the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Representative Tom Price of Georgia, has said there is no plan for “pulling the rug out” on millions of Americans’ healthcare as a replacement is designed. Any changes are unlikely to affect in 2017 the government-funded or subsidized insurance plans covering more than 20 million people. ",1
6095,Trump’s new EPA transition team draws from oil industry groups,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump’s administration has drawn heavily from the energy industry lobby and pro-drilling think tanks to build its landing team for the Environmental Protection Agency, according to a list of the newly introduced 10-member team seen by Reuters on Monday. The email lists at least three former researchers from think-tanks funded by the billionaire industrialist brothers Charles and David Koch and at least one former lobbyist for the mining industry. Several members of the team have also publicly argued against U.S. efforts to combat climate change, a key function of the EPA under former President Barack Obama. The team’s make-up has reinforced expectations that Trump will follow through on his promise to slash U.S. environmental regulation as a way to promote drilling and mining. The team, charged with preparing the agency for new leadership, replaces the initial EPA transition group picked by Trump after the November election but before his swearing-in. Trump’s nominee to run the EPA, Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt, is awaiting Senate confirmation. “We are looking forward to working with the career professionals at the EPA to make this transition work as well as possible, and to carry out the Agency’s mission to protect public health and the environment,” according to the email. “While transitions are always hard, straight forward honest communication combined with respect for each other will make the process work much better.” Charles Munoz was named in the email as White House liaison on the new EPA team. He was a top organizer for Trump in Nevada during his campaign for the White House and helped set up the state’s chapter of Americans for Prosperity, a political advocacy group funded by the Kochs. Another team member, David Schnare, is a lawyer and environmental scientist who spent 33 years as a staffer at the EPA. More recently Schnare was legal counsel at The Energy & Environment Legal Institute, which has received funding from the Koch brothers-linked Donors Trust fund. The institute describes itself as seeking to correct “onerous federal and state governmental actions that negatively impact energy and the environment.”  Schnare has also worked at the Center for Environmental Stewardship at the Thomas Jefferson Institute for Public Policy, which has been funded partially by the Charles Koch Foundation. George Sugiyama, who was part of the initial EPA transition team, is also listed part of the new team. He was chief counsel for Republican Senator Jim Inhofe of Oklahoma, a vocal climate change doubter. Before working for Inhofe, Sugiyama lobbied on behalf of the National Mining Association. David Kreutzer is also staying on from the initial team. Kreutzer was a senior research fellow at the Heritage Foundation, a group funded by foundations controlled by Koch Industries and other energy firms. He has called Obama’s efforts to combat climate change costly and unfair to certain industries, and has advocated for more Arctic drilling. The new EPA team’s communications director is Doug Ericksen, a current Washington state senator who has served as Trump’s deputy campaign director for the northwestern state. Ericksen has a degree in environmental science and serves as chair of the state senate’s energy and environment committee. He opposes the climate policies of Washington state’s Democratic Governor Jay Inslee, including targets to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. Holly Greaves will oversee budget issues on the landing team. She was a senior audit manager at KPMG, and previously worked at Ernst & Young in the firm’s advisory services position. Other team members included Justin Schwab, the EPA team’s legal advisor, who used to work at law firm Baker Hostetler. Washington State Senator Don Benton, a Republican who ran a county environmental department, was also listed, along with Patrick Davis, a Republican political consultant, and Layne Bangerter, an Idaho rancher who worked with Republican U.S. Senator Mike Crapo on wilderness management bills. ",1
6096,Japan's Aso says will seek U.S. understanding of TPP's benefits,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Finance Minister Taro Aso said on Tuesday that Japan would seek the United States’ understanding of the strategic and economic benefits of joining the Trans-Pacific Partnership, after President Donald Trump formally withdrew from the free-trade pact. Aso told reporters after a cabinet meeting that arrangements were being made for Prime Minister Shinzo Abe to visit the United States and meet Trump, but that it was undecided who would accompany the premier. Fulfilling a campaign pledge to end American involvement in the 2015 pact, Trump signed an executive order in the Oval Office pulling the United States out of the 12-nation TPP, which includes Japan. ",1
6097,Japan trade minister says will keep stressing importance of TPP to U.S.,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan will continue to stress the strategic and economic importance of the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal to the United States, trade minister Hiroshige Seko said on Tuesday. He said it would be important for the TPP to have the United States as a member. Seko also said that he would closely monitor the impact on Japanese corporations if there were any changes made to the North American Free Trade Agreement. ",1
6098,Trump's spokesman promises reporters 'never to lie',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s press secretary promised reporters on Monday that he would never lie after a weekend briefing in which he made statements about the crowd size for Trump’s inauguration that were debunked. In comments to reporters on Saturday that became known as the “alternative facts” briefing, White House spokesman Sean Spicer declared that Trump’s crowd was “the largest audience to ever witness an inauguration - period.” Photographs showed the crowds at Trump’s swearing-in on Friday were smaller than Barack Obama’s first presidential inauguration in 2009. Spicer’s statement drew further criticism after Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway said on Sunday the White House had wanted to “put alternative facts out there” to counter what she said was a biased media.  At his first formal White House briefing on Monday, Spicer was asked by a reporter if he intended to always tell the truth from the lectern. “Our intention is never to lie to you,” he replied. Spicer defended his right to give the administration’s point of view. He said he had been including television and online viewers in his remarks on Saturday about the size of the inauguration crowd. He told reporters that Trump and his advisers had been frustrated by “demoralizing” coverage that he called a “constant attempt to undermine his credibility.” “I want to have a healthy relationship with the press,” Spicer said. Spicer answered questions on a wide range of policy issues, with a focus on trade policy. He did not take questions from reporters on Saturday. “That moves it away from the acrimonious session on Saturday,” said Martha Kumar, a political scientist and emeritus professor at Towson University in Maryland who studies the relationship between the White House and its press corps. Spicer took questions from 43 reporters - more than twice  the average, Kumar said in an interview. He also said he would start taking questions from four “Skype seats” later this week to allow news organizations outside of Washington to participate. ",1
6099,McCain proposes $7.5  billion of new U.S. military funding for Asia-Pacific,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The head of the U.S. Senate’s Armed Services Committee, John McCain, has proposed $7.5 billion of new military funding for U.S. forces and their allies in the Asia-Pacific, where tensions have been rising over China’s territorial ambitions. The funds, $1.5 billion a year for five years to 2022, could be used to boost U.S. munitions stocks in the region, build new military infrastructure, such as runways, and to help allies and partner countries increase their capabilities, an aide to McCain and a U.S. military official said. The funding proposal was contained in a White Paper issued by McCain last week entitled “Restoring American Power.” His committee is expected to discuss it at a budget hearing on Tuesday. “Senator McCain believes the United States must sustain its enduring commitment to the security and prosperity of the Asia-Pacific region,” a spokesman for McCain, Dustin Walker, said.  “The Asia-Pacific Stability Initiative ... would ... make U.S. regional posture more forward-learning, flexible, resilient, and formidable,” he said. “These funds would boost operational military construction, increase munitions procurement, enhance capacity building with allies and partners, and expand military exercises and other training activities.” An official in the administration of new U.S. President Donald Trump, who took office on Friday, said he believed McCain’s proposal was “very much in general alignment with the administration’s goals in the region.”  Trump has vowed to take a tougher line with China and to build up the U.S. military, although it is unclear whether he will succeed in lifting caps on defense spending that have been part of “sequestration” legislation. A U.S. military official, who did not want to be identified, said the funds could go to construct new military runways in countries such as Australia and the Philippines and to make up a shortfall of munitions that the head of the U.S. Pacific Command, Admiral Harry Harris, complained of last year. “There’s a shortfall in the total number of munitions and also a quality gap,” the official said, adding that more sophisticated missiles were needed in the region to counter China’s “anti-access, area-denial” strategy.  On Monday, the new U.S. administration raised the prospect of worsening tensions with China when it vowed to prevent Beijing from taking over territory in international waters in the South China Sea, something Chinese state media has warned would require Washington to “wage war.” ",1
6100,California Senate confirms Democrat Becerra as attorney general,"SACRAMENTO, Calif. (Reuters) - The California Senate on Monday confirmed U.S. Congressman Xavier Becerra as attorney general, positioning the majority-Democrat state to challenge conservative policies of new Republican President Donald Trump. Becerra, who represented Los Angeles for 24 years in Congress, was approved by a party line votes of 26 to 9, with Democrats heavily in favor and Republicans arguing that the state should give the new administration a chance rather than picking fights. He will replace former California Attorney General Kamala Harris, a Democrat who was elected to the U.S. Senate in November. “It’s a role to defend the progress and the values of the people of California,” Senate President Pro Tem Kevin de Leon said of Becerra’s new job in an interview after the vote on Monday. “These are extraordinary times and require extraordinary actions.” Becerra, 58, was nominated for the position by Democratic Governor Jerry Brown shortly after Trump’s election. A Stanford-trained attorney who was first elected to Congress in 1993, Becerra is viewed as a reliable progressive with the savvy to navigate the halls of Congress as well as the nation’s courtrooms. “I couldn’t ask for a better job,” said Becerra, to be sworn in by Brown on Tuesday. “It is humbling and exciting to assume responsibility for vigorously advancing the forward-leaning values that make California unique among the many states.” Becerra learned through his long Congressional career to work both sides of the aisle, and he made sure to meet with legislative Republicans before his confirmation hearings began this month. But while the legislature’s minority GOP members made a point to say they liked and respected Becerra, most spoke against his nomination. “Instead of acting like we’re going to be defiant, I’d like to see us extending an olive branch” to the new administration, said state Senator John Moorlach, a Republican who represents part of Orange County south of Los Angeles. In addition to naming Becerra attorney general, the legislature also hired the law firm of former U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder, an Obama appointee, to represent them in cases and negotiations involving the new administration and Republican-controlled Congress. ",1
6101,Chile eyes new deals with Pacific trade pact members: minister,"SANTIAGO (Reuters) - Chile will continue to pursue trade deals even though the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) is off the table after U.S. President Donald Trump withdrew the United States from the pact, Foreign Minister Heraldo Munoz told journalists on Monday. Munoz said that while another regional trade deal without the United States might be possible, “it wouldn’t be the TPP.” The South American country has invited ministers from other TPP members as well as China and South Korea to a summit in Chile in March to discuss how to proceed, and has received positive responses at a high level, Munoz said. “The TPP as it was going forward is off the table. That doesn’t mean that Chile is going to change tack. We are going to persist in the opening up of the world ... as we did in the past, with bilateral deals, and regional deals,” he said. Top copper exporter Chile has a small but open economy, with existing free trade deals with all the other TPP members. Earlier on Monday, Trump fulfilled a campaign promise by formally withdrawing the United States from the TPP, a 12-nation project that had been negotiated by former Democratic President Barack Obama’s administration but never approved by Congress. Mexico said it would immediately seek bilateral deals with other countries that signed the TPP. ",1
6102,Trump Treasury nominee wants to loosen limits under Volcker rule: document,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Dialing back the Volcker Rule that limits banks’ ability to engage in speculative investments is a top priority for President Donald Trump’s nominee for U.S. Treasury secretary, Steve Mnuchin, according to a document seen by Reuters on Monday. In written responses to questions posed by members of the U.S. Senate Finance Committee, Mnuchin said he would use his role as head of the interagency Financial Stability Oversight Council to give the Volcker Rule a stricter definition of proprietary trading.  In “prop trading” a financial firm uses its own money to invest in privately held companies, hedge funds and similar vehicles. The Volcker rule was designed to limit the type of risk-taking activities that helped land banks in trouble during the financial crisis. “As Chair of FSOC I would plan to address the issue of the definition of the Volcker Rule to make sure that banks can provide the necessary liquidity for customer markets and address the issues in the Fed report,” Mnuchin wrote in the document, which also included senators’ questions and was verified by a Senate aide. During his confirmation hearing with the Senate Finance Committee last week, Mnuchin cited a recent Federal Reserve report that found the rule, part of the 2010 Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform law, was limiting market liquidity. The committee has not yet scheduled a date to vote to send the nomination to the full chamber for approval. Regulators have applied proprietary trading prohibitions to too many activities, he said. The Fed report found that ambiguity and gray areas in the rule were pushing dealers to conservative strategies to ensure they did not cross the line on the prohibitions. In the responses Mnuchin also made it clear he believes the  rule should only apply to “a bank that benefits from federal deposit insurance.” The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation guarantees retail deposits at about 6,000 banks, including the consumer banking arms of the country’s largest investment banks. The law currently applies to banks that have access to the Federal Reserve’s discount window or other government backstop.  Senator Maria Cantwell, a Democrat who serves on the Finance Committee, wrote that uninsured investment banks also pose risks that the rule, named for former Federal Reserve Chair Paul Volcker, was supposed to address. “As we saw during the financial crisis, when nonbanking affiliates of FDIC insured banks failed, they were rescued by their insured affiliates, which in turn were forced to be rescued by taxpayers,” she wrote. “This was the case with State Street Bank, and your former employer, Goldman Sachs, which converted to a bank holding company in order to be eligible for federal bailout funds.” Mnuchin reiterated that an updated version of the 1933 Glass-Steagall law that had long separated commercial and investment banking should be instated to reduce risks. The law was repealed in 1999. Mnuchin has not shared details of his “21st Century Glass-Steagall,” but hinted it would be looser than the original. “A bright line between commercial and investment banking, although less complicated, may inhibit the necessary lending and capital markets activities to support a robust economy,” he wrote. ",1
6103,"Mattis speaks with NATO chief, highlighting importance of alliance","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S Secretary of Defense James Mattis, on his first full day in office, spoke with NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg to highlight the importance he places on the military alliance, a Pentagon spokesman said on Monday.  President Donald Trump has said that while the military alliance was still very important to him, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization was nonetheless obsolete because it had not defended against terror attacks.  Trump added in a recent interview with The Times of London that many NATO members were not paying their fair share for U.S. protection. “The two leaders discussed the importance of our shared values, and the secretary emphasized that when looking for allies to help defend these values, the United States always starts with Europe,” Pentagon spokesman Captain Jeff Davis said in a statement regarding the call.  “Both pledged to consult in the months to come and look forward to meeting in person during the NATO Defense Ministerial in February,” Davis said. The Pentagon said Mattis also spoke with his counterparts from Britain and Canada.  ",1
6104,Trump taps net neutrality opponent Ajit Pai to head FCC,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump on Monday tapped Republican Commissioner Ajit Pai to head the U.S. Federal Communications Commission, which is expected to roll back many of the Obama Administration’s telecommunications and internet policies. Pai, a former Justice Department, FCC and Capitol Hill staffer, in December predicted landmark “net neutrality” rules adopted in 2015 would not last. The son of Indian immigrants who grew up in Kansas, Pai said the commission should take a “weed whacker” to unneeded rules and was harshly critical of many FCC regulations imposed during the Obama administration. “During the Trump administration, we will shift from playing defense at the FCC to going on offense,” he said in December. “We need to fire up the weed whacker and remove those rules that are holding back investment, innovation, and job creation.” Pai will also have a key role in deciding whether to approve or reject or impose conditions on mergers involving cable and telephone companies. In May, Pai opposed FCC conditions imposed on Charter Communication’s acquisition of Time Warner Cable. Last week, then FCC chairman Tom Wheeler urged Republicans against dismantling internet access protections that bar service providers from slowing consumer access to web content. Internet providers fear net neutrality rules make it harder to manage internet traffic and make investment in additional capacity less likely. The Republican-controlled Congress is also considering rewriting the net neutrality rules. Pai said in 2015 that consumers would be worse under net neutrality and should “expect their bills to go up, and they should expect that broadband will be slower going forward.” Senator Maria Cantwell, a Washington state Democrat, criticized Pai in a letter to President Donald Trump Monday as “not a supporter of the FCC’s strong rules to protect an open internet, putting at risk our robust net neutrality rules and the three million internet economy jobs it supports.” Under Wheeler, the FCC and major telecom and cable companies have been at odds over a number of big issues in recent years, including tougher broadband privacy rules and a proposal to allow pay-TV consumers to ditch set top boxes. Comcast Corp, AT&T Inc, Verizon Communications Inc, Frontier Communications Corp, T-Mobile US Inc and Charter all praised Pai’s appointment in separate statements. “Chairman Pai will work with his fellow commissioners to quickly and decisively put back in place the commonsense regulatory framework necessary to support the president’s agenda,” AT&T said. However, advocacy group Free Press President Craig Aaron said Pai “has been on the wrong side of just about every major issue that has come before the FCC during his tenure. He’s never met a mega-merger he didn’t like or a public safeguard he didn’t try to undermine.” U.S. Telecom, an industry trade group, said in a statement it shares Pai’s vision for a “future based on a bold but pragmatic strategy to erase the many regulatory barriers impeding the expansion of our nation’s communications infrastructure, and the jobs and economic opportunity that depend on it.” Pai does not need Senate confirmation as chairman but his current term expires at year end and he will need to be reconfirmed to continue. ",1
6105,"White House disputes multiple calls between Trump adviser, Russian envoy","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House said on Monday that national security adviser Michael Flynn held just two phone calls with Russia’s ambassador to Washington, amid reports that Flynn’s communications are being scrutinized by U.S. counterintelligence agents. Reuters reported earlier this month, citing three sources familiar with the matter, that Flynn had held five phone calls with Russian ambassador Sergei Kislyak on Dec. 29, the day then-President Barack Obama retaliated for Moscow’s interference in the U.S. presidential election. White House press secretary Sean Spicer said Flynn spoke once by telephone to the envoy - he did not give the date - and discussed four topics. Those included a conference on Syria, a plane crash that killed members of a famous Russian military choir, seasonal wishes and setting up a post-inauguration call between Russian President Vladimir Putin and President Donald Trump, he said. On. Jan. 13, Spicer had said that Flynn and Kislyak had spoken on Dec. 28 and suggested the sole topic had been the logistics of setting up an eventual call between Trump and Putin. At the time, a Trump aide had said the one conversation actually had taken place on Dec. 29. On Monday, Spicer said a second call took place three days ago, apparently just before Trump’s inauguration on Friday, and dealt with arranging a forthcoming phone call between Trump and Putin.   Two of the sources told Reuters earlier this month that the timing of the December calls raised a question about whether Flynn had given Kislyak any assurances to soothe Russian anger over the U.S. sanctions and other moves. The differing accounts of the number of calls could not be immediately reconciled. The Wall Street Journal reported on Sunday that Flynn’s calls with Kislyak on Dec. 29, as well as earlier calls he held with Russian figures, are under scrutiny as part of probes by the FBI, U.S. intelligence agencies and the Treasury Department into the extent of Russian government contacts with people close to Trump. It is unclear whether the inquiry produced any incriminating evidence or if it is continuing, the newspaper said. The Journal quoted White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders as saying: “We have absolutely no knowledge of any investigation or even a basis for such an investigation.” Asked whether there were other calls between Flynn and “members of the Russian government,” Spicer replied, “Not that I’m aware of. And when I say that, what I’m saying (is) during the transition I asked General Flynn whether or not there were any other conversations beyond the ambassador and he said ‘no.’” Flynn is a retired Army general. A Jan. 6 assessment by U.S. intelligence agencies said that Putin ordered an effort to help Trump’s electoral chances by discrediting Democrat Hillary Clinton in the 2016 presidential campaign. ",1
6106,Trump aide Kushner scraps plan for Canada visit: Canada official,"CALGARY, Alberta (Reuters) - A senior aide to U.S. President Donald Trump has scrapped plans to visit Canada for talks with officials in Prime Minister Justin Trudeau’s team, a Canadian government source said on Monday. The source said the planned visit by Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner had hit logistical problems. A separate source had earlier said Kushner intended to meet Trudeau aides on the margins of a cabinet retreat in Calgary. ",1
6107,"Trump meets with leaders of building, sheet metal unions","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump met Monday at the White House with leaders of construction, carpenters, plumbers and sheet metal unions, the White House said. According to the White House, participants included North America’s Building Trades Unions President Sean McGarvey, Laborers’ International Union of North America President Terry O’Sullivan, SMART sheet metal workers’ union President Joseph Sellers, United Brotherhood of Carpenters President Doug McCarron and Mark McManus, president of the United Association that represents plumbers, pipefitters, welders and others. The union meeting also included several local union officials and follows a gathering of 12 chief executives of large companies at the White House to discuss revitalizing the U.S. manufacturing economy. Earlier this month, Trump held separate meetings with Teamsters President Jim Hoffa and AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka in New York. On Monday, Trump signed an order to withdraw from the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade agreement, a deal that was harshly criticized by organized labor. “This is a group I know well,” Trump said at the meeting with union members, noting as a businessman he hired thousands of union workers for construction projects. Not all major unions were invited to Monday’s event. A spokesman for the United Steelworkers union, Wayne Ranick, said the union was not invited. “We are always interested in such discussions given that 100,000s of our members work in manufacturing and (are) affected by trade,” he said in an email. Trump sparred with a local steelworkers union president Chuck Jones in December over the number of jobs United Technologies Corp agreed to save at a Carrier plant in Indiana. Nearly all major unions endorsed Trump’s rival, Hillary Clinton, during the presidential election campaign. During the campaign, Trump appealed to blue collar workers in Midwestern states vowing to bring jobs back from Mexico, which helped him win crucial states like Ohio, Michigan, Wisconsin and Pennsylvania. A CNN exit poll said Trump carried 42 percent of voters in union households compared with 51 percent for Clinton. He did far better among union members than Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney did in 2012. ",1
6108,Trump moving U.S. toward era of bilateral trade: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump met with key business leaders on Monday and signed an executive order withdrawing the United States from the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal, moving the country toward an era of bilateral trade and job creation at home, the White House said. White House spokesman Sean Spicer told a news briefing that Trump would move away from multilateral trade policies toward bilateral trade that puts America first. He said the meeting with top U.S. business leaders included a “really great” exchange of ideas and the group would reconvene again in a month. ",1
6109,Trump says will renegotiate NAFTA at 'appropriate time',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump on Monday told reporters that he would renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement “at the appropriate time.” Trump’s remarks came at the start of a meeting at the White House with union leaders, where he pledged to stop trade deals that harmed American workers. ",1
6110,UK's May to defend free trade and Iran deal in talks with Trump,"LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May will stress the value of free trade and her support for the Iran nuclear deal when she meets U.S. President Donald Trump later this week, her spokeswoman said on Monday. Trump’s election has raised questions over the future of the so-called special relationship that has underpinned close British-American ties for decades, but the new U.S. leader has praised last year’s vote to leave the EU and says he wants to arrange a swift bilateral trade deal with Britain. Supporters of Britain’s exit from the European Union have cheered these comments, but others have questioned how this will fit with Trump’s protectionist policies, including his inaugural speech promise to put “America first”.  “You can expect the prime minister to be very clear during her U.S. visit on the benefits of free trade and championing them and wanting to look at what more can be done to increase that,” May’s spokeswoman told reporters on Monday. The spokeswoman said she expected the prime minister would also make clear to Trump that Britain is a strong supporter of the 2015 nuclear accord between Iran and world powers, which the new U.S. leader has threatened to either scrap or change. At the White House, Trump spokesman Sean Spicer said the new U.S. president will discuss the potential for greater trade with Britain in his meeting with May. He said he did not believe there were plans for the two leaders to hold a news conference. Spicer acknowledged the “special relationship” between the United States and the UK, adding, “but we can always be closer.” May is due to attend the annual “Republican Retreat” in Philadelphia on Thursday, becoming the first serving head of state to speak at the event, before holding bilateral talks with Trump in Washington on Friday.    Thousands of women marched in London on Saturday to protest about Trump’s attitude to women, joining demonstrations held in major cities across the globe. When asked during a BBC interview on Sunday about controversy over Trump’s comments on women, May, Britain’s second female premier, said she would not be afraid to challenge any “unacceptable” talk from Trump. She is also expected to discuss NATO with Trump, who has described the military alliance as “obsolete.” Ahead of her U.S. visit, May spoke with NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg on Sunday. “They discussed the continued importance of the alliance as the bulwark of our defense and agreed on the need for the alliance to continue to evolve to be able to effectively counter the biggest threats of the day, in particular terrorism and cyber attacks,” a spokesman for May said after the call. “The prime minister said she would be taking these messages to Washington later this week.” ",1
6111,Trump and May to discuss expanding U.S.-British trade: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump will discuss ways to expand trade with Britain when British Prime Minister Theresa May meets with him at the White House on Friday, although trade may not be the central focus of their conversation, the White House said. “I’m sure that there will be a discussion of trade ... the degree to which I don’t know yet,” White House spokesman Sean Spicer told reporters on Monday. “He’s going to have a great conversation about the potential for greater trade with the UK.” Spicer added that he did not believe there were currently any plans for the two leaders to hold a joint news conference. Trump, asked in the Oval Office what his agenda was for the meeting, would not go into details, saying only, “I look forward to seeing her.” ",1
6112,Democratic-led states battle Trump over consumer financial agency,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democratic state officials took a step on Monday to try to defend the U.S. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau in a court battle that could defang it, worried that Republican President Donald Trump’s administration will not safeguard the agency. Attorneys general from 16 states plus the District of Columbia filed papers with a federal appeals court seeking to intervene in the case. That court ruled last October that the structure of the agency, charged with guarding consumer finances, was unconstitutional. The agency immediately asked the court to reconsider its decision but the Trump administration could drop the appeal. The state officials, led by Connecticut Attorney General George Jepsen, said in the court filing they are concerned the Trump administration will fire the agency’s independent director, Richard Cordray, who was appointed by Democratic former President Barack Obama. The agency was created during Obama’s presidency in the 2010 Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform law. “It’s very much in our wheelhouse to be protecting consumers. The whole thrust of the creation of the CFPB is to protect consumers,” Jepsen said in an interview. “We are concerned that this law is going to be gutted,” Jepsen added.  The new court filing was an early salvo in what could become a lengthy legal fight between the Trump administration and Democratic state officials. If the administration follows through on campaign promises on other issues such as climate policy and immigration, “that would put us on a course of conflict on a wide variety of areas,” Jepsen said. The court filing said Trump “has expressed strong opposition to the Dodd-Frank reforms” and that “it is urgent that the state attorneys general intervene in order to protect the interests of their states.” The state officials asked to be able to defend the agency in the lawsuit brought by mortgage lender PHH Corp and ensure the case is not declared moot if Trump’s administration drops the appeal of the ruling. Under the 2010 law, the director can be fired only “for cause,” limiting a president’s ability to remove him. The U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit ruled that this restriction was an unlawful limitation on presidential power. Democratic state officials are expected to be joined by left-leaning advocacy groups in legal actions against the Trump administration. Republican-governed states and conservative groups filed numerous lawsuits against the Obama administration. The American Civil Liberties Union and Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington already have filed legal actions involving Trump. ",1
6113,Ethics lawyers to sue Trump over foreign payments,"(Reuters) - A group including former White House ethics attorneys will file a lawsuit on Monday accusing President Donald Trump of allowing his businesses to accept payments from foreign governments, in violation of the U.S. Constitution. The lawsuit, brought by the Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington, will allege that the Constitution’s emoluments clause forbids payments to Trump’s businesses. It will seek a court order forbidding Trump from accepting such payments, said Deepak Gupta, one of the lawyers working on the case. Trump does business with countries like China, India, Indonesia and the Philippines, the group noted in a statement. “When Trump the president sits down to negotiate trade deals with these countries, the American people will have no way of knowing whether he will also be thinking about the profits of Trump the businessman,” it said. Trump told reporters on Monday the lawsuit was “without merit,” when asked about the case after signing some executive orders in the Oval Office.  The White House referred questions to a law firm representing the president on ethics matters.  “We do not comment on our clients or the work we do for them,” said the representative of the firm, Morgan Lewis & Bockius. The case is part of a wave of litigation expected to be filed against Trump by liberal advocacy groups. It will be filed in federal court in Manhattan, Gupta said, and attorneys for the plaintiffs will include Richard Painter, a former ethics lawyer in Republican President George W. Bush’s White House. The impending lawsuit was earlier reported by The New York Times.  Eric Trump, one of Trump’s sons and an executive vice president of the Trump Organization, told the Times on Sunday that the company had taken more steps than required by law to avoid any possible legal exposure, such as agreeing to donate any profits collected at Trump-owned hotels that come from foreign government guests to the U.S. Treasury. “This is purely harassment for political gain,” Trump told the newspaper. The Constitution’s emoluments clause states: “No Title of Nobility shall be granted by the United States: And no Person holding any Office of Profit or Trust under them, shall, without the Consent of the Congress, accept of any present, Emolument, Office, or Title, of any kind whatever, from any King, Prince, or foreign State.” ",1
6114,Trump rejects new lawsuit over foreign payments to his firms,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - President Donald Trump on Monday dismissed allegations in a new lawsuit by prominent constitutional and ethics lawyers that he is violating the U.S. Constitution by letting his hotels and other businesses accept payments from foreign governments. Trump told reporters at the White House that the lawsuit filed earlier in the day by Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington was “without merit.” The nonprofit watchdog said Trump is “submerged in conflicts of interest” from his ties to countries such as China, India and potentially Russia, and that payments for such things as hotel rooms and office leases posed conflicts of interest for him. Its lawsuit seeks to stop Trump from accepting any improper payments, saying a constitutional provision known as the “emoluments” clause bans them. As the Constitution’s framers were aware, “private financial interests can subtly sway even the most virtuous leaders, and entanglements between American officials and foreign powers could pose a creeping, insidious threat to the Republic,” CREW said in its complaint. The lawsuit was filed in U.S. District Court in Manhattan. It is part of a wave of expected litigation from liberal advocacy groups against Trump, a Republican who took office on Friday. On Jan. 11, Trump said he would retain ownership of his global business empire while president, but hand off day-to-day control to his oldest sons, Eric and Donald Jr.. Sheri Dillon, a Trump adviser and partner at the law firm Morgan Lewis & Bockius, said at the time the emoluments clause applies to gifts, rather than ordinary business payments such as hotel bills. She also said that profit generated by Trump’s hotels from foreign governments would be donated to the U.S. Treasury. But CREW said Trump’s refusal to cede ownership or set up a blind trust, as urged by the U.S. Office of Government Ethics, leaves him “poised” to violate the Constitution repeatedly while in the White House. The emoluments clause forbids Trump and other U.S. officeholders from accepting various gifts from foreign governments without congressional approval. U.S. District Judge Ronnie Abrams, an appointee of former Democratic President Barack Obama, will preside over CREW’s lawsuit. Jay Wexler, a professor at Boston University School of Law, said “the substantive claim is certainly reasonable,” but that courts such as Abrams’ may decide not to get involved. “Either it will find that the plaintiff lacks standing, or alternatively that the claim presents a political question and that it should not weigh in on the merits,” Wexler said. Natalie Gewargis, a spokeswoman for Morgan Lewis, which represents Trump on ethics matters, said: “We do not comment on our clients or the work we do for them.” CREW’s lawsuit challenges such payments for such things as office space leased by the state-owned Industrial and Commercial Bank of China at Trump Tower in New York, rounds at Trump’s golf courses, and the rights to rebroadcast or create new versions of Trump’s reality TV show “The Apprentice.” China, India, Indonesia, Turkey and the United Kingdom are among the countries with which Trump’s companies do or plan to do business, and Trump had been trying to do business with Russia for at least three decades, the complaint said. Meanwhile, payments for a Washington hotel booking next month by the Embassy of Kuwait for its “National Day” celebration are expected to “go directly to defendant while he is president,” the complaint added. To show it has standing to sue, CREW claimed it has been “significantly injured” by having to divert resources to the lawsuit, and field hundreds of media questions about Trump’s businesses. Among the lawyers who worked on the complaint were constitutional scholars Laurence Tribe of Harvard University, and Erwin Chemerinsky, dean of the University of California at Irvine’s law school. Others include two former top White House ethics lawyers: Norman Eisen, who advised Obama; and Richard Painter, who advised the Republican George W. Bush. ",1
6115,White House says to have Supreme Court nominee in next couple of weeks,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump will announce a nominee in the next couple of weeks to fill a vacancy on the U.S. Supreme Court, the White House said on Monday. “I think we’ll have a nomination within the next couple of weeks. He continues to make that a priority of his,” White House spokesman Sean Spicer said at a news briefing. Earlier this month Trump said he would pick from among 20 candidates suggested by conservative legal groups to fill the vacancy caused by the death of conservative Justice Antonin Scalia in February last year. ",1
6116,Trump has resigned from Trump Organization: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump has resigned from the Trump Organization and his sons Don Jr. and Eric are in charge of the business, White House spokesman Sean Spicer said on Monday. “He has resigned from the company as he said he would before he took office. Don and Eric are fully in charge of the company,” Spicer told reporters at a news briefing. ",1
6117,White House defends statement on audience for Trump's inaugural,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - White House spokesman Sean Spicer on Monday defended his statement that President Donald Trump’s inauguration was the most-watched ever, citing viewership on television and other media and insisting that “our intention is never to lie to you.” “I believe that we have to be honest with the American people. I think sometimes we can disagree with the facts,” Spicer told a news briefing. “I’m going to come out here and tell you the facts as I know them. And if we make a mistake, we’ll do our best to correct it,” he added. Spicer had been sharply criticized for his comments on Saturday by media, which noted photographs from former President Barack Obama’s first inauguration showed much larger crowds than Trump drew on Friday. ",1
6118,Trump's White House to open briefings to non-Washington media,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House said on Monday it planned later this week to establish four “Skype seats” for its regular media briefings to allow news organizations outside of Washington to participate. “We’re excited to open up into ... the fold here a diverse group of journalists from around the country who may not have the convenience or funding to travel to Washington,” White House spokesman Sean Spicer told reporters. “I think this can benefit us all by giving a platform for voices that are not necessarily based here.”     ",1
6119,Pennsylvania capital's ex-mayor pleads guilty in theft case,"HARRISBURG, Pa. (Reuters) - A sweeping corruption case against a former mayor of Pennsylvania’s capital city Harrisburg ended on Monday when he pleaded guilty to 20 counts of receiving stolen artifacts bought with public funds for a proposed museum that was never built in the city. Former Mayor Stephen R. Reed, 67, made the plea on the morning when jury selection in his trial was scheduled to begin in Dauphin County Court of Common Pleas. As part of the plea deal, prosecutors dropped 94 other counts. Reed, who was originally charged in 2015 with nearly 500 criminal counts, could receive up to nine months in prison under state sentencing guidelines when Judge Kevin Hess sentences him on Friday, although he may only get probation. Many of the more serious charges, including bribery and siphoning money from bond issues, were dismissed last year on statute of limitations grounds.  “Today’s guilty plea marks the final chapter in a case that has gone on for several years,” said Deputy Attorney General Rebecca Frantz. “This will help the city of Harrisburg to move on.” Reed, known as an avid private collector of Civil War and American West memorabilia during his 28 years in office, pleaded guilty to illegal possession of 20 historical documents and photographs with a total value of more than $18,000.  The artifacts were among thousands acquired by Reed with public funds for a proposed Museum of the American West that he had hoped to build in financially strapped Harrisburg. After his plea, Reed told reporters he experienced “gut-wrenching humiliation and embarrassment” over his arrest, after serving as Harrisburg’s mayor for decades. He said many of the artifacts seized from his home and warehouse during a raid in 2015 were legally owned by him, but similar to ones acquired with public funds for the museum. He believes the 20 items in the plea were accidentally placed in boxes of his own papers after he hastily left office following his defeat in 2010, but acknowledged the packing was done under his supervision. “The precepts of my faith require that I take responsibility for this error, and that was my ultimate deciding factor in doing this plea,” Reed said. A hearing is scheduled in March on Reed’s petition for the return of artifacts he believes belong to him. Frantz said prosecutors would oppose that request. Harrisburg has been under state financial supervision since 2011, primarily because of cost overruns on an incinerator retrofit project.  ",1
6120,Trump adviser had five calls with Russian envoy on day of sanctions: sources," (This January 13th story deletes reference to Interfax being state-run in paragraph 22) By Jonathan Landay and Arshad Mohammed WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Michael Flynn, President-elect Donald Trump’s choice for national security adviser, held five phone calls with Russia’s ambassador to Washington on the day the United States retaliated for Moscow’s interference in the U.S. presidential election, three sources familiar with the matter said. The calls occurred between the time the Russian embassy was told about U.S. sanctions and the announcement by Russian President Vladimir Putin that he had decided against reprisals, said the sources. They spoke on condition of anonymity, citing internal U.S. government deliberations about the issue. The calls raised fresh questions among some U.S. officials about contacts between Trump’s advisers and Russian officials at a time when U.S. intelligence agencies contend that Moscow waged a multifaceted campaign of hacking and other actions to boost Republican Trump’s election chances against Democrat Hillary Clinton. On Dec. 29, U.S. President Barack Obama announced he had ordered the expulsion of 35 Russian diplomats suspected of being spies and imposed sanctions on two Russian intelligence agencies over their involvement in hacking U.S. political groups. The administration told Russian Ambassador to the United States, Sergei Kislyak, an hour before the decision was made public, one of the sources said. The phone calls between Flynn and Kislyak were first reported by Washington Post columnist David Ignatius. A Trump official confirmed one phone conversation between the two men on Dec. 29, and said their understanding was they did not discuss the sanctions. The three sources stressed to Reuters that they did not know who initiated the five calls between Flynn, a former three-star Army general who headed the U.S. Defense Intelligence Agency under Obama, and Kislyak. Nor did they know the contents of the conversations, and declined to say how they learned of them. One source said there was nothing intrinsically odd or wrong about a Russian diplomat speaking to a member of Trump’s team following the U.S. announcement. Moscow, the source added, probably would want to have some sense of what Trump’s team thought about the measures. That sentiment was echoed Friday by State Department spokesman Mark Toner. “This building doesn’t see anything necessarily inappropriate about contact between members of the incoming administration and foreign officials,” Toner said. The other two sources, however, said the timing of the calls raised a question about whether Flynn had given Kislyak any assurances to soothe Russian anger over the U.S. moves. If that were the case, it would have raised a possible entanglement with the Logan Act. The 1799 law bars unauthorized U.S. citizens from negotiating with foreign governments with which the United States has disputes. It is aimed at preventing the undermining of official U.S. government positions. Alexey Mosin, a spokesman for the Russian embassy in Washington, said: “The Embassy does not comment on multiple contacts, which are carried out on a daily basis with local interlocutors.” Flynn raised eyebrows among some U.S. foreign policy veterans when he was pictured sitting at the head table with Putin at a banquet in Moscow in late 2015 celebrating Russia Today, an international broadcasting network funded by the Russian government. However, Flynn has also expressed skepticism about Moscow’s intentions - a view that does not seem to fit Trump’s vision of closer ties with Moscow. Classified documents that the heads of four U.S. intelligence agencies presented last week to Trump included  unsubstantiated information compiled by a private security firm suggesting Moscow had compromising personal and financial details about Trump. Trump called a dossier that contains salacious claims about him in Russia “fake news” and “phony stuff.” One of the sources said the U.S. actions “took the Russians by surprise.” Russian officials threatened to shutter the Anglo-American School of Moscow, the source said. Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov proposed tit-for-tat expulsions. But on Dec. 30, Putin announced that he would not retaliate.  Trump praised Putin for the decision, writing in a Twitter post, “Great move on delay (by V.Putin). I always knew he was very smart!” Trump spokesman Sean Spicer earlier Friday said Flynn and Kislyak had spoken on Dec. 28, the day before Washington announced the expulsions and sanctions.  But a Trump official acknowledged later in the day that they held one conversation on Dec. 29 about setting up a telephone call between Trump and Putin after Trump’s Jan. 20 inauguration. The official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, was aware of only one phone call between the two that day and did not know if they spoke again since. After the Nov. 8 election, Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov told the Interfax news agency that the Russian government was in touch with members of Trump’s political team during the U.S. election campaign and knew most of his entourage. At a news conference on Wednesday, Trump declined to answer whether anyone connected to him or the campaign had contact with Moscow during the campaign and said he had no loans or business deals with or in Russia. White House spokesman Josh Earnest on Friday said it remained unclear whether such a call between Flynn and the Russian ambassador would be objectionable .  “It depends on what they discussed,” Earnest told reporters. He said he could not weigh in without knowing the content. ",1
6121,"CEO's discussed tax, regulations and trade with Trump: Liveris","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump and the chief executives of 12 large companies discussed tax, regulations and trade on Monday and the business leaders will return in 30 days with a series of actions to help U.S. manufacturing, Dow Chemical CEO Andrew Liveris said. “We listened very carefully and he listened to us about the agenda that this administration has put forward to really revitalize the American manufacturing economy,” Liveris told reporters after the meeting. “The conversation honed in on tax, regulatory and trade.”  ",1
6122,Republican Rubio clears way for Tillerson's approval as top U.S. diplomat,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Republican Senator Marco Rubio reluctantly backed President Donald Trump’s nominee for secretary of state, Rex Tillerson, in a move that all but secures Senate confirmation of the former Exxon Mobil Corp chief executive as the nation’s top diplomat later on Monday.  Rubio said he was troubled by Tillerson’s recent responses before lawmakers regarding Russia as well as other countries, but that he ultimately decided he would vote to approve the nominee in deference to Trump, as well as to fill a critical top job. “Despite my reservations, I will support Mr. Tillerson’s nomination in committee and in the full Senate,” Rubio said in a statement ahead of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee’s vote on Tillerson.  A vote in the Republican-controlled Senate was expected shortly after the committee vote. Tillerson was expected to win confirmation, despite opposition from Democrats.  Rubio, a onetime rival to Trump for the Republican presidential nomination, said he would not be so deferential regarding Trump’s other nominees for top State Department posts.   At a confirmation hearing earlier this month, Tillerson’s views appeared to be at odds with Trump’s on key foreign policy issues such as nuclear proliferation, trade deals, climate change and relations with Mexico. The nominee also had a tense exchange with Rubio on whether he believed Russian President Vladimir Putin was a war criminal, in reference to Russia’s military actions in support of Syria’s government. Tillerson said he would not use that term.  Tillerson, 64, also sidestepped questions on human rights, declining to condemn countries like Saudi Arabia and the Philippines for rights abuses.    Over the weekend, fellow Republican Senators John McCain and Lindsey Graham said they would back Tillerson despite their concerns over his relationship with Putin as CEO of one of the world’s largest corporations.     Republican Senator Rob Portman on Monday also voiced his support and said he was reassured by Tillerson’s commitment at the Jan. 11 hearing to support NATO, an organization that Trump has voiced differing opinions about. Earlier on Monday, the most senior Democrat on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, Ben Cardin, said he would not support Tillerson. “The power of the Secretary of State to call out wrong, to name and shame, and to fight each day on behalf of the American people and freedom-seeking people the world over is an enduring symbol,” Cardin said in a prepared statement. ",1
6123,"Glad to see Obama go, Gulf Arabs expect Trump to counter Iran","DUBAI (Reuters) - Gulf Arab states are quietly applauding the arrival in the White House of a hawkish leader opposed to their adversary Iran, even if they suspect Donald Trump’s short temper and abrasive Tweets may at times heighten tensions in the combustible Middle East. While many countries around the world listened with concern to his protectionist inaugural address, Gulf Arab officials appear optimistic. They see in Trump a strong president who will shore up Washington’s role as their main strategic partner in a region central to U.S. security and energy interests. In Gulf Arab eyes, that involves above all checking what they see as a surge of Iranian support for paramilitary allies in Syria, Iraq, Yemen and Lebanon and for fellow Shi’ite Muslims in Bahrain and Saudi Arabia’s oil-producing Eastern Province. It also means overlooking for now rhetoric about uniting “the civilized world against radical Islamic terrorism” in an address that critics said echoed George W. Bush’s “crusade” against terrorism, a phrase which, for Muslims, evokes barbarous campaigns by medieval Christians against Islam. Saudi Arabia in particular appears relieved at the departure of Barack Obama, who it felt considered Riyadh’s alliance with Washington less important than negotiating a deal in 2015 to neutralize Iran’s nuclear program. The relationship is a pillar of the Middle East’s security balance. But it has suffered since Riyadh took issue with what it saw as Obama’s withdrawal from the region, and a perceived inclination towards Iran since the 2011 Arab uprisings. There have been tensions over Syria, where Obama dismissed Gulf Arab urgings to give more aid to rebels fighting President Bashar al-Assad, who has survived thanks to Iranian and Russian backing. “Perception is important: Trump does not look like the kind of guy who will bend towards Iran or anyone else,” said Abdulrahman al-Rashed, a veteran Saudi commentator. “If he behaves as he says, then we will see another Ronald Reagan, someone all the forces in the region will take seriously. That’s what we have missed in the past eight years, unfortunately.” Some worry that Trump’s Twitter habit - his rapid, unbridled messages of praise or blame - mean he is unsuited to handling the volatility of the Middle East. Faisal al-Yafai, a columnist with The National newspaper of Abu Dhabi, said that while his use of social media could be a problem, Trump was unlikely to change. “At some point down the line something will happen in the world that will require a careful response, a careful policy, and Trump will react emotionally. That is always going to be the worry. But that’s his attitude. That’s who he is. Those who like Trump like that aspect of his personality,” he said. Some Arab commentators see a political resemblance between Trump and Reagan, who also campaigned on the slogan of making America great again. Reagan was also a strong backer of the military, although in the Middle East his 1981-89 presidency was marked by extended crises involving Iran, Lebanon and Libya.  While few in the Gulf expect Trump to repudiate the Iran nuclear deal despite his threats to do so, most want Tehran pressured to roll back what Gulf Arabs see as subversion in fellow Arab states by a revolutionary theocracy. “I think he is going to be very, very tough on Iran. He will be decisive,” said a Gulf Arab businessman, noting he expected the deal-maker Trump would demand something in return. Moments after his speech, the White House website said the Trump administration would make defeating “radical Islamic terror groups” its top foreign policy goal and would develop a “state of the art” missile defense system to protect against attacks from Iran and North Korea.  That will be the job in particular of Secretary of Defense James Mattis, Secretary of State nominee Rex Tillerson, and CIA chief nominee Mike Pompeo, all well known to Saudi officials.  In particular Mattis, a retired Marine general known for distrust of Iran, is a familiar figure to Gulf Arab rulers. A former leader of Central Command, which oversees U.S. military operations in the Middle East and South Asia, Mattis said in Senate confirmation hearings this month that Iran was “the biggest destabilizing force in the Middle East and its policies are contrary to our interests.” Such views play well with Gulf Arabs. “We hope Trump can correct (Obama’s) policy, and while we are not sure of that yet, his choices to run the administration all sound experienced,” said al-Rashed. On Syria, Yemen, Iran and Bahrain, arenas for a tussle for influence between Riyadh and Tehran, Obama’s preference for dialogue appeared weak to some Gulf Arabs. Trump’s own vision of “peace through strength” may change that perception of a passive Washington, and encourage Gulf Arabs to press on with a military build-up that relies heavily on U.S. and European defense companies. Any number of issues could yet disturb ties - Jerusalem, oil policy, perceived anti-Muslim prejudice, and a U.S. law allowing lawsuits against Riyadh over the Sept. 11 attacks. One of the most explosive appears to be Trump’s vow to move the U.S. Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, which would upend decades of U.S. policy, and his appointment as ambassador a lawyer who raised money for a major Jewish settlement. Israel and the Palestinians, who are seeking a state of their own, both claim Jerusalem as their capital.  “It would create a lot of chaos, a new intifada maybe,” a Gulf source with knowledge of official thinking said, adding Trump would think long and hard about a move that would be “a huge burden on the peace process”.   Another issue is Trump’s policy of seeking to destroy Islamic State. Gulf Arab states agree with him on the goal, but use of polarizing language seen as demonizing Muslims, and reliance solely on military force, would raise objections. Such language could also inflame militancy by hindering the hearts and minds effort needed to counter the thinking behind the violence. “The worst part about the speech is that he will target Islam as a religion in the name of fighting what he called radical Islamic terrorism, a blank label that is meaningless,” Tweeted Daham al-Qahtani, a Kuwaiti political analyst. “If he goes back to the era of Bush, and ‘you are either with us or with the terrorists’, this polarized idea, and then also the idea that military forces can solve it, then I think we will find ourselves in a very difficult situation, with a war that is going to be unwinnable,” al Yafai said. (Corrects in 22nd para to Iraq from Iran) ",1
6124,U.S. Supreme Court rejects Texas appeal over voter ID law,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday declined to hear an appeal by Texas seeking to revive the state’s strict Republican-backed voter-identification requirements that a lower court found had a discriminatory effect on black and Hispanic people. The justices let stand a July 2016 decision by a lower court that found that the 2011 Texas statute ran afoul of a federal law that bars racial discrimination in elections and directed a lower court to find a way to fix the law’s discriminatory effects against minorities. There were no noted dissents from the high court’s decision not to hear the case from any of the eight justices, but Chief Justice John Roberts took the unusual step of issuing a statement explaining why the case was not taken up, noting that litigation on the matter is continuing in lower courts. Roberts said that although there was “no barrier to our review,” all the legal issues can be raised on appeal at a later time.  The law, passed by a Republican-led legislature and signed by a Republican governor, had been considered one of the strictest of its type in the United States. It was challenged in court by the U.S. Justice Department under former President Barack Obama, civil rights groups and individual voters. Critics including the Obama administration had said the Texas law and similar statutes enacted in other Republican-governed states were tailored to make it harder for minorities including black and Hispanic voters, who tend to support Democrats, to cast ballots. Backers of these laws have said they are necessary to prevent voter fraud, despite little evidence of such fraud. The seven types of government-issued identification permitted under the law as proof of identity included a driver’s license, a concealed handgun license, a military ID card and a U.S. passport but not state university ID cards or identification issued to obtain welfare benefits. A special 15-judge panel of the New Orleans-based 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled 9-6 that the Texas law had a discriminatory effect and violated the U.S. Voting Rights Act. The judges were divided differently on other parts of the ruling. The appeals court directed a federal district court to examine claims by the plaintiffs that the law was actually intended to be discriminatory, rather than merely having a discriminatory effect. A hearing on that part of the case was scheduled for Tuesday but has now been delayed following a request from President Donald Trump’s administration. While Obama’s administration had backed the challenge to the Texas requirements, the Trump administration could change course. Republican Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton, whose office launched the appeal, said he was disappointed by the court’s action. “Texas enacted a common sense voter ID law to safeguard the integrity of our elections, and we will continue to fight for the law in the district court, the Fifth Circuit, and if necessary, the Supreme Court again,” Paxton said in a statement. Challengers of the Texas law have said that up to 600,000 people would be unable to vote if the law were fully in effect because of the large number of voters who lack the limited types of permissible identification. After the appeals court ruling, Texas and the plaintiffs struck a deal for a short-term remedy to be used for the November 2016 election. The Texas law is one of several passed by Republican legislatures since 2010. A similar law in North Carolina was struck down by a federal appeals court in July 2016. ",1
6125,Trump says lawsuit charging he violated Constitution is 'without merit',WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump told reporters on Monday that a lawsuit accusing him of violating the U.S. Constitution by allowing his hotels and other businesses to accept payments from foreign governments was “without merit.” His remarks to reporters in the Oval Office coincided with a letter by Democratic lawmakers asking the U.S. General Services Administration what it was doing about Trump’s hotel lease for the Old Post Office building. They said the lease states that no elected official of the federal government can share in the agreement or benefit from it. ,1
6126,Trump signs order withdrawing U.S. from Trans-Pacific trade deal,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump signed an executive order formally withdrawing the United States from the 12-nation Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal on Monday, following through on a promise from his campaign last year. In an Oval Office ceremony, Trump also signed an order imposing a federal hiring freeze and a directive banning U.S. non-governmental organizations receive federal funding from providing abortions abroad. Trump called the TPP order a “great thing for the American worker.” ",1
6127,China urges Trump administration to grasp importance of 'one China',"BEIJING (Reuters) - The new U.S. administration must fully understand the importance of the “one China” policy and appreciate that the issue of Taiwan is highly sensitive for the Beijing government, China said on Monday. U.S. President Donald Trump, who was inaugurated on Friday, said in December the United States did not necessarily have to stick to its long-standing position that Taiwan is part of “one China”. Earlier, Trump broke with decades of precedent by taking a telephone call from Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen. According to Beijing’s one China principle, Taiwan and mainland China are inalienable parts of a single “China”. Beijing views Taiwan as a wayward province, to be brought under its control by force if necessary.  However, proudly democratic Taiwan shows not interest in being ruled by Beijing. “We urge the new administration to fully understand the high sensitivity of the Taiwan issue and to continue pursuing the one China policy,” Chinese foreign ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying told a regular briefing in Beijing.         Hua called the policy the “political foundation” of future relations between the United States and China. She said any U.S. government had the obligation to stand by the promises made by both main U.S. political parties and “strictly” maintain non-diplomatic relations with Taiwan. Hua also reiterated China’s position on the South China Sea, saying the United States should not meddle in issues of China’s sovereign territory. Both “history and reality” prove good relations between China and the United States were positive for the Asia-Pacific region, she said. China claims most of the energy-rich South China Sea through which about $5 trillion in ship-borne trade passes every year. Neighbours Brunei, Malaysia, Taiwan and Vietnam also have claims. U.S. Secretary of State nominee Rex Tillerson has previously suggested that China would not be allowed access to islands in the region, prompting Chinese state media to say the United States would need to “wage war” to cut off China’s access. ",1
6128,"Drug lobby, under criticism, starts media campaign","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The largest lobbying organization for pharmaceutical companies began running TV ads on Monday morning to improve the industry’s image as criticism from U.S. President Donald Trump increases. The industry is touting developments in science by pharmaceutical companies and will spend “tens of millions” on television commercials, according to an announcement on Monday by officials of lobbying group PHRMA. A spokesman did not provide a specific amount.  Pharmaceutical companies may be facing their most difficult time ahead as criticism about the price of drugs continues to increase. In a news conference this month, Trump said drug manufacturers were “getting away with murder” because of their pricing.  Additionally, drug manufacturers were considered winners when the Affordable Care Act became law because more people had increased access to prescriptions. A repeal of the law often known as Obamacare could mean many people losing insurance could not afford to purchase drugs.  PHRMA CEO Stephen Ubl cast the “Go Boldly” campaign as an effort to refocus the discussion about the strides in research. But he acknowledged the industry was at the center of criticism. “We take the concerns that have been raised by the president very seriously,” Ubl said. “We think there are pragmatic policy solutions, and we look forward to working with the administration.” While outspoken while the Affordable Care Act was being drafted, PHRMA has largely remained quiet during the early discussions about whether the law should be repealed and replaced.  Planning for the group’s campaign began six months ago, well before the November presidential election, according to  spokesman Robert Zirkelbach.      Like many organizations, the group signaled it expected Democrat Hillary Clinton was going to win and began planning to push back at her calls for capping drug prices. It continued with plans for the campaign, which Ubl said would have been the same had Clinton won, even after Trump was elected.  The group also released a four-part regulatory and legislative agenda that it said would be part of an extensive lobbying campaign, including advocating for changes to the Food and Drug Administration and the ability for drugmakers to coordinate with insurance companies when developing new treatments. The campaign makes almost no mention of the repeal of Obamacare. “(This campaign) is not aimed at any one legislative issue,” Ubl said.  ",1
6129,Senate Republican Rubio backs Tillerson for secretary of state,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Republican Senator Marco Rubio on Monday said he will vote to back President Donald Trump’s nominee for secretary of state, Rex Tillerson, despite the former Exxon Mobil Corp CEO’s “troubling” responses before lawmakers regarding Russia. “Despite my reservations, I will support Mr. Tillerson’s nomination in committee and in the full Senate,” Rubio said in a statement posted on Facebook ahead of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee’s vote on Tillerson later on Monday. A vote in the Republican-controlled Senate is expected shortly afterward. ",1
6130,Trump to nominate Heather Wilson as Air Force secretary,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump will nominate former U.S. Representative Heather Wilson to become Air Force secretary, the White House said on Monday. Wilson, a graduate of the U.S. Air Force Academy, has been President of the South Dakota School of Mines & Technology since 2013, it said in a statement. “Heather Wilson is going to make an outstanding secretary of the Air Force,” Trump said in the statement. ",1
6131,White House: Trump speaks with Egypt's Sisi by phone on Monday,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump was scheduled to speak with Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi on Monday, the White House said. ",1
6132,Investors gird for impact of Trump healthcare measures,"(Reuters) - An order by President Donald Trump that could scale back enforcement of some Obamacare provisions is unlikely to sink health insurance stocks, but shares of hospitals and Medicaid providers could be under pressure over fears more poor people would lose coverage, analysts said. President Trump signed an executive order on Friday urging government departments to “waive, defer, grant exemptions from, or delay the implementation” of provisions of the Affordable Care Act, known as Obamacare, that imposed fiscal burdens on states, companies or individuals. While the order lacked details, it signaled the start of an effort by Trump and Republicans to repeal and replace the program, which expanded health coverage to some 20 million people. Obamacare has been plagued by increases in insurance premiums and deductibles and by some large insurers, including UnitedHealth Group Inc and Aetna Inc, largely pulling out of the system. Shares of UnitedHealth and Aetna were little changed in early trading on Monday. The equity markets dislike uncertainty and Trump’s executive order introduces at least a modest level of new uncertainty, J.P. Morgan analyst Gary Taylor wrote in a note on Monday. The new administration may no longer enforce an Affordable Care Act rule requiring individual Americans to pay a penalty for not carrying health insurance, Kellyanne Conway, counselor to the president, said on ABC’s “This Week” program on Sunday. The healthcare exchange system that is the cornerstone of the Affordable Care Act depends on premiums from healthy, younger individuals, typically between ages 18 to 34, to offset higher expenses for covering older, less healthy individuals. The scrapping of enforcement was “a real risk” for 2017 insurance exchanges enrollment, Sheryl R. Skolnick, a healthcare analyst for Mizuho Securities USA Inc, said in a research note on Saturday. “We have to wonder why the hospital companies and investors who have pushed the stocks back up to pre-election levels would be so enthusiastic,” Skolnick wrote. But young people did not buy health insurance at desired levels, even when penalties increased for not having the coverage, said Ana Gupte, a healthcare services analyst for Leerink Partners LLC in New York. “Fundamentally, I don’t think it’s going to make a difference,” if the so-called ‘individual mandate,’ requiring individuals to buy coverage or pay a penalty, is scrapped, said Gupte. Some experts also question whether the Obama administration itself was vigilant about enforcing the rule. “We’re not sure as to how vigorously it was being enforced anyway,” said Les Funtleyder, healthcare portfolio manager for E Squared Capital Management. Still, Trump’s plans could pressure shares of insurers such as Molina Healthcare Inc, Centene Corp and WellCare Health Plans Inc, who administer state Medicaid plans, over concerns that the number of insured, especially among the poorest, would shrink.    Molina’s shares were down 0.7 percent, while Centene’s shares were down 0.5 percent. If Medicaid funding becomes less than what states are receiving now, “it will put pressure on the number of people who are covered through Medicaid expansion,” Gupte said.   Hospitals may also be on the hook for more unpaid medical expenses as the number of uninsured individuals increase and seek emergency room treatment, Gupte added.  Longer term, though, the hospital industry is lobbying to get more money for unpaid expenses and “it looks like they will get what they want,” Gupte said. Shares of hospital operators such as HCA Holdings Inc, Tenet Healthcare Corp and Community Health Systems Inc were down about 1 percent. “In reality, the executive order is just a sideshow to the main event – the Repeal/Replace legislation that Republicans are expected to introduce this year,” Taylor said. ",1
6133,Top Trump aide plans talks in Canada with Trudeau team: source,"CALGARY, Alberta (Reuters) - A top adviser to U.S. President Donald Trump plans to hold talks in Canada on Tuesday with members of Prime Minister Justin Trudeau’s team, a source familiar with the matter said on Monday. Jared Kushner, Trump’s son-in-law, will travel to Calgary, Alberta, where Trudeau and his cabinet are holding a two-day retreat focused largely on the new U.S. administration. ",1
6134,"Trump to sign orders to renegotiate NAFTA, pull out of TPP: NBC","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump could sign an executive order as early as Monday intended to renegotiate the free trade agreement between the United States, Canada and Mexico, NBC News reported, citing an unidentified White House official. In addition to wanting to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), the new Republican president also intends to sign an executive order pulling out of the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP), NBC reported. Trump, who was sworn in as the 45th U.S. president on Friday, targeted both trade pacts during his White House campaign.  Officials were not immediately available to confirm the report to Reuters. Trump’s official schedule includes a 10:30  a.m. EST (1530 GMT) signing of executive orders in the Oval Office. The president said on Sunday he planned talks soon with the leaders of Canada and Mexico to begin renegotiating NAFTA. “We will be starting negotiations having to do with NAFTA,” Trump said at a swearing-in ceremony for his top White House advisers. “We are going to start renegotiating on NAFTA, on immigration and on security at the border.” Trump said during the campaign he wanted to secure more favorable terms for the United States in the NAFTA pact. NAFTA, which took effect in 1994, and other trade deals became lightning rods for voter anger in the U.S. industrial heartland states that swept Trump to victory. CNN reported the first executive action Trump intended to sign was to pull out of the TPP, the trade agreement among 11 Pacific Rim countries that Democratic President Barack Obama strongly backed but was never ratified by the Republican-controlled Congress. ",1
6135,"EU should seek new deal with U.S., PM Orban says","BUDAPEST (Reuters) - The European Union should seek a new deal with the United States as the free trade agreement has failed, Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban said on Monday. Orban also told an economic conference that Europe should let go of the “illusion of federalism.”  He said seeking new agreements would be a milestone on Europe’s path to improved competitiveness. ",1
6136,White House vows to fight media 'tooth and nail' over Trump coverage,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House vowed on Sunday to fight the news media “tooth and nail” over what it sees as unfair attacks, with a top adviser saying the Trump administration had presented “alternative facts” to counter low inauguration crowd estimates.   On his first full day as president, Trump said he had a “running war” with the media and accused journalists of underestimating the number of people who turned out Friday for his swearing-in. White House officials made clear no truce was on the horizon on Sunday in television interviews that set a much harsher tone in the traditionally adversarial relationship between the White House and the press corps. “The point is not the crowd size. The point is the attacks and the attempt to delegitimize this president in one day. And we’re not going to sit around and take it,” Chief of Staff Reince Priebus said on “Fox News Sunday.” The sparring with the media has dominated Trump’s first weekend in office, eclipsing debate over policy and Cabinet  appointments.  It was the main theme at the Republican president’s first visit to the CIA, at the press secretary’s first media briefing and in senior officials’ first appearances on the Sunday talk shows.  Together, they made clear the administration will continue to take an aggressive stance with news organizations covering Trump.   “We’re going to fight back tooth and nail every day and twice on Sunday,” Priebus said. He repeated White House press secretary Sean Spicer’s assertions on Saturday that the media manipulated photographs of the National Mall to make the crowds on Friday look smaller than they really were.  Aerial photographs showed the crowds were significantly smaller than when Barack Obama took over as president in 2009. The Washington subway system said it had 193,000 riders by 11 a.m. (1600 GMT) on Friday, compared with 513,000 at that time during the 2009 inauguration. Spicer’s categorical assertion that “this was the largest audience to ever witness an inauguration - period” was widely challenged in media reports citing crowd count experts and was  lampooned on social media as well. Asked on NBC’s “Meet the Press” why the press secretary was uttering provable falsehoods, White House senior adviser Kellyanne Conway fired back.  “If we are going to keep referring to our press secretary in those types of terms I think that we are going to rethink our relationship here,” she said. Conway responded to criticism that the new administration was focusing on crowds rather than on significant domestic and foreign policy issues by saying: “We feel compelled to go out and clear the air and put alternative facts out there.” Priebus and Conway focused on a press pool report that said the bust of civil rights icon Martin Luther King Jr. had been removed from the Oval Office after Trump took office. The report on Friday night was quickly corrected, but Trump called out the reporter by name during a visit to the Central Intelligence Agency on Saturday. Spicer also berated the reporter later in the day.   With the Nov. 8 election results shadowed by U.S. intelligence reports of Russian meddling on his behalf, Trump has bristled at reports suggesting his popular support is soft and that the election was not legitimate. Trump, who lost the popular vote to Democrat Hillary Clinton by nearly 3 million votes, made no mention of Russia in his first visit to the CIA on Saturday. He praised his nominee to head the agency, Mike Pompeo, and ranted against the “dishonest” media, a favorite target during his presidential campaign.  The president accused the media of fabricating his tensions with the U.S. intelligence community, despite his frequent posts on Twitter that derided the agencies. Trump drew criticism from Democrats as well as former CIA Director John Brennan for his remarks at the agency, where he spoke before a memorial wall with stars representing personnel killed in action. “President Trump ought to realize he’s not campaigning anymore. He’s president,” Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer said on ABC’s “This Week.” “Instead of talking about how many people showed up at his inauguration, he ought to be talking about how many people are going to stay in the middle class and move into the middle class.” ",1
6137,Kremlin says expects to agree date for Trump-Putin phone call soon,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Kremlin said on Monday it expected to soon agree a date for the first phone call between President Vladimir Putin and U.S. President Donald Trump, but that it had no information for now about when the two men might hold their first meeting. Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said in a conference call with reporters that contacts between Moscow and Washington about the date of the first phone call were being handled by the Russian Foreign Ministry. It was too early to talk about the details of any possible cooperation between Russia and the United States in fighting Islamist militants, Peskov said. Trump has named defeating Islamic State as a priority for his administration.      ",1
6138,Trump and Putin see eye to eye on many foreign policy aims: Foreign Minister,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin see eye to eye when it comes to many foreign policy goals,  Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said on Monday. Lavrov was speaking at a news conference with his Hungarian counterpart Peter Szijjarto. ",1
6139,Japan's PM says will keep seeking Trump's understanding on TPP,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said on Monday he believed  U.S. President Donald Trump understood the value of free trade and that he would keep pitching a multinational trade pact that Trump’s administration has vowed to exit. “I believe President Trump understands the importance of free and fair trade, so I’d like to pursue his understanding on the strategic and economic importance of the TPP (Trans-Pacific Partnership) trade pact,” Abe told a session of parliament’s lower house. Abe also said he wanted to strengthen the U.S.-Japan security alliance, based on mutual trust with Trump. “When we met last time, I believed him to be trustworthy, this belief has not changed today,” Abe added, referring to his November meeting with then-president-elect Trump. Abe also said Tokyo wanted to explain how its companies have contributed to the U.S. economy, a stance the Japanese government has adopted to try to fend off threats of a “border tax” on imports into the United States. Japanese Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said separately that Tokyo would closely monitor any impact of the new U.S. administration’s policies on its companies and that he wanted to deepen economic ties between the two countries. Trump took office as the 45th president of the U.S. on Friday and pledged to end what he called an “American carnage” of rusted factories and crime in an inaugural address that was a populist and nationalist rallying cry. The new Trump administration said on Friday its trade strategy to protect American jobs would start with withdrawal from the 12-nation Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade pact. The trade deal, which the United States signed but has not ratified, was a pillar of former president Barack Obama’s pivot to Asia, and Abe has touted it as an engine of economic reform, as well as a counter-weight to a rising China. ",1
6140,Trump may not enforce individual health insurance mandate: aide,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Trump administration may no longer enforce a rule requiring individual Americans to carry health insurance or pay a penalty if they do not, a senior White House official said on Sunday Speaking on ABC’s “This Week” program, Kellyanne Conway, counselor to the president, said President Donald Trump “may stop enforcing the individual mandate.” Separately, on CBS’ “Face the Nation” show, she reiterated Republican promises that no one would lose their health insurance under Obamacare while a replacement is being developed. “For the 20 million who rely upon the Affordable Care Act in some form, they will not be without coverage during this transition time,” she said.  On Friday Trump signed an executive order concerning the 2010 healthcare law, urging U.S. agencies to “waive, defer, grant exemptions from, or delay the implementation” of provisions deemed to impose fiscal burdens on states, companies or individuals. Healthcare experts had speculated that Trump could expand exemptions from the individual mandate. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, speaking on “Fox News Sunday,” reiterated Republican promises to replace Obamacare and allow patients to buy health insurance across state lines using health savings accounts. “We’re going to move carefully in conjunction with the administration to repeal and replace it with things like health savings accounts and interstate health insurance sales and high-risk pools at the state level to take care of people who have pre-existing conditions.” he said.  Last week Republican Representative Tom Price, Trump’s nominee to lead the Department of Health and Human Services, told the Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions, that an overhaul of Obamacare will initially focus on individual health plans sold on online exchanges and the Medicaid health insurance program for low-income Americans. He added that the revamp would not immediately tackle changes to Medicare, the federal health insurance program for those 65 and older and people with disabilities. Trump has said he wants to keep some elements of Obamacare, such as allowing young adults to be covered under their parents’ insurance. He is in favor of plans that use health savings accounts and the sale of insurance across state lines. ",1
6141,Trump invites Netanyahu to Washington for visit: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump invited Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to visit Washington in early February during a phone call in which they discussed the importance of strengthening the U.S.-Israeli relationship, the White House said on Sunday. In his first call with Netanyahu since taking office on Friday, Trump stressed his “unprecedented commitment to Israel’s security.” “The president and the prime minister agreed to continue to closely consult on a range of regional issues, including addressing the threats posed by Iran,” the White House said in a statement. Trump also said peace between Israel and the Palestinians could only be negotiated between the two parties, but that the United States would work with Israel to achieve that goal. Relations between Israel and the Obama administration ended on a contentious note, when the United States declined to veto a U.N. Security Council resolution calling for a halt to Israeli settlement-building. The readout from the White House did not include any mention of moving the U.S. embassy in Israel to Jerusalem from Tel Aviv, an action that would likely spark anger in the Arab world. Earlier on Sunday, the White House said it was only in the early stages of talks to fulfill Trump’s campaign pledge to relocate the embassy. “We are at the very beginning stages of even discussing this subject,” White House spokesman Sean Spicer said in a statement. Aides said no announcement of an embassy move was imminent. Washington’s embassy is in Tel Aviv, as are most foreign diplomatic posts. Israel calls Jerusalem its eternal capital, but Palestinians also lay claim to the city as part of an eventual Palestinian state. Both sides cite biblical, historical and political claims. Any decision to break with the status quo is likely to prompt protests from U.S. allies in the Middle East such as Saudi Arabia, Jordan and Egypt. Washington relies on those countries for help in fighting the Islamic State militant group, which the new U.S. president has said is a priority. The U.S. Congress passed a law in 1995 describing Jerusalem as the capital of Israel and saying it should not be divided, but successive Republican and Democratic presidents have used their foreign policy powers to maintain the embassy in Tel Aviv and to back negotiations between Israel and the Palestinians on the status of Jerusalem. In early December, then-President Barack Obama renewed the presidential waiver on an embassy move until the beginning of June. It is unclear whether Trump would be able to legally override it and go ahead with relocation of the embassy. U.S. diplomats say that, despite the U.S. legislation, Washington’s foreign policy is in practice broadly aligned with that of the United Nations and other major powers, which do not view Jerusalem as Israel’s capital and do not recognize Israel’s annexation of Arab East Jerusalem after its capture in the 1967 Middle East war.   Israel approved building permits on Sunday for hundreds of homes in three East Jerusalem settlements in expectation that Trump will row back on the previous administration’s criticism of such projects. ",1
6142,"U.S. Senators McCain, Graham to support Tillerson nomination","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Two senior Republican lawmakers said on Sunday they would vote to approve President Donald Trump’s nominee for secretary of state, Rex Tillerson, despite their concerns over the former ExxonMobil chief’s relationship with Russia’s president. “After careful consideration, and much discussion with Mr. Tillerson, we have decided to support his nomination to be secretary of state,” Senators John McCain of Arizona and Lindsey Graham of South Carolina said in a statement.  “Though we still have concerns about his past dealings with the Russian government and (Russian) President Vladimir Putin, we believe that Mr. Tillerson can be an effective advocate for U.S. interests,” said the two senators, veteran foreign policy experts. The Republican-controlled Senate has so far confirmed two of Trump’s nominees for cabinet posts but Tillerson, former chief executive officer at Exxon Mobil Corp, has faced criticism from several prominent Republicans because of his close relationships with Russian officials, including Putin. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said he was confident that all of Trump’s cabinet nominees will be confirmed. Speaking on “Fox News Sunday,” McConnell also said the Senate would confirm a Supreme Court justice nominee eventually picked by Trump. The Senate Foreign Relations Committee is expected to vote on Tillerson’s nomination on Monday, with a full Senate vote coming shortly after. ",1
6143,Germany must ready for turbulent times under Trump: foreign minister,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany must brace itself for turbulent times under U.S. President Donald Trump, Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier said on Sunday, adding that free trade and trans-Atlantic cooperation to fight extremism and terrorism were key for Berlin. Steinmeier, who in August said Trump was a “Hassprediger” or “hate preacher”, wrote in the mass-circulation Bild newspaper that some members of the new U.S. administration understand the importance of allies like Germany.  “I know, we must prepare ourselves for turbulent times, unpredictability and uncertainty,” Steinmeier said. “But I am convinced that we will find in Washington attentive listeners, who know that even big countries need partners in this world.” Trump unsettled German leaders with remarks such as that Britain will not be the last country to leave the European Union and with threats to impose high tariffs on imports from China and Mexico. Their response after he took office on Friday has been mixed. Chancellor Angela Merkel, who attended the opening of a museum outside Berlin as Trump was being sworn in on Friday, has said she would seek compromises with Trump on issues like trade and military spending and that she would work on preserving the important relationship between Europe and the United States. Vice Chancellor Sigmar Gabriel said on Friday Germany should prepare for a rough ride under the new U.S. president and that Europe would have to craft a new economic policy geared toward China should Trump pursue protectionism. Trump has also criticised Merkel’s decision in 2015 to throw open Germany’s borders to asylum seekers, and has said he believes the NATO military alliance is obsolete. German Defence Minister Ursula von der Leyen said in an interview with the Handelsblatt newspaper to be published on Monday: “NATO is not a (business) deal. You can’t buy trust.” Under fire from Trump for not meeting NATO’s goals of spending two percent of national output on defence, Germany said this week it would meet that goal and demanded that the new U.S. administration map out a consistent foreign policy. Von der Leyen said that European countries should be ready to modernise the almost 70 years old military alliance and split its financing in a fairer manner. ",1
6144,Israel's Netanyahu to speak with Trump on Sunday,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said on Sunday he would later in the day hold his first conversation with Donald Trump since his inauguration as U.S. president. The White House later said the conversation would take place at 13:30 ET.  “A telephone conversation will be held this evening between President Trump and me. Many matters face us, the Israeli-Palestinian issue, the situation in Syria, the Iranian threat,” Netanyahu said in broadcast remarks at the start of an Israeli cabinet meeting. ",1
6145,"Trump, Israel's Netanyahu to speak at 1:30 pm ET: White House","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - New U.S. President Donald Trump will speak by telephone with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu at 1:30 p.m. ET on Sunday, the White House said. Trump, who was sworn in on Friday, has criticized former President Barack Obama’s policies toward Israel and has promised to improve relations after taking office. ",1
6146,UK PM May promises frank talk with Trump after women protest,"LONDON (Reuters) - Prime Minister Theresa May promised on Sunday to challenge any “unacceptable” talk when she meets President Donald Trump later this week, as she tries to secure Britain’s “special relationship” with the new U.S. administration.       May, Britain’s second female premier, made the comments after thousands of women marched in London on Saturday to protest about Trump’s attitude to women, joining demonstrations held in major cities across the globe. She told the BBC she would use Friday’s meeting in Washington to discuss issues including future U.S.-UK trading relations, following Trump’s promise to put “America first” in his inauguration speech on Friday. Since Britons voted last year to leave the European Union, May’s government has been keen to deepen ties with the United States and other nations outside Europe to show that Brexit will not diminish its standing in the world.  May indicated she would not shy away from any difficult issues, when asked about the controversy over Trump’s comments on women. This erupted last year during the presidential election campaign over a 2005 video in which he boasted about grabbing women’s genitals. “I’ve already said that some of the comments that Donald Trump has made in relation to women are unacceptable, some of those he himself has apologized for,” May said. “When I sit down (with Trump) I think the biggest statement that will be made about the role of women is the fact that I will be there as a female prime minister,” she said. “Whenever there is something that I find unacceptable I won’t be afraid to say that to Donald Trump.” Trump’s election has raised questions over the future of the so-called “special relationship” that has underpinned close British-American ties for decades, but the new U.S. leader has said he believes Brexit will be “a great thing”. May, who initially struggled to build relations with Trump’s team, said she would also use the meeting to discuss the NATO defense alliance and challenges such as defeating terrorism and the conflict in Syria.  Becoming one of the first world leaders to meet with Trump following his inauguration will be viewed as a coup for May, who was perceived to have been snubbed by the billionaire following his election when he spoke first to nine other world leaders.  She will be trying to improve relations with Trump after he irritated the British government by meeting Nigel Farage, an outspoken anti-EU campaigner and critic of May, and saying he would be a good choice for Britain’s ambassador to Washington. Opposition Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn cast doubt on whether Trump, who has promised to protect American jobs and industry from foreign imports, would offer Britain much. “There were no signs of any special relationship in Donald Trump’s inauguration speech. Quite the opposite, it was ‘America first, America only’,” he told Sky News. “The idea that Donald Trump is suddenly going to roll over and offer some trade deal with Britain which doesn’t have strings attached ... I think she needs to be extremely careful.” British newspapers were divided on the visit, with the Sunday Telegraph reporting Trump calls May “My Maggie”, referring to her predecessor Margaret Thatcher, who enjoyed a close relationship with her U.S. counterpart Ronald Reagan in the 1980s.  The front page of the Mail on Sunday however, ran the headline: “Cut out your sexist insults, Mr President”. Brexit supporters have cheered comments by Trump that he wants to arrange a swift bilateral trade deal with Britain, but others have cautioned his protectionist policies make an agreement which is good for Britain unlikely. The Telegraph also reported plans were underway for a state visit to Britain later this year by Trump, who has played up his ancestral ties to Britain, saying in an interview this month that his Scottish mother was “so proud” of Queen Elizabeth.   ",1
6147,"Denying feud over Russia hacking, Trump vows support to CIA","LANGLEY, Va./WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump tried to ease tensions with the CIA on Saturday, telling officers he had their back after he had leveled unprecedented criticism against spy agencies for their investigation into Russian hacking during the election. In his first official visit to a government agency as president, Trump - who had said U.S. intelligence tactics were reminiscent of Nazi Germany - sought to leave no doubt with officers that he supported their work. Even so, some analysts said it would take more than a quick visit for Trump to patch up relations with a community that he has denigrated. A large part of Trump’s off-the-cuff remarks on Saturday were not related to the work of the CIA, at times sounding more like a campaign rally than an address to intelligence professionals. Trump made no mention of Russia during his remarks, which included praise for his nominee to head the Central Intelligence Agency, Mike Pompeo, a pledge to fight Islamic State and a rant against the media, which he said invented his feud with intelligence agencies. “Very, very few people could do the job you people do and I want you to know I am so behind you,” Trump said, to cheers and loud applause from about 400 officers who packed the building’s atrium to hear him speak. Ahead of his inauguration, Trump had harshly criticized intelligence officials after they concluded that Russian President Vladimir Putin directed hackers to breach Democratic emails to try to boost Trump’s presidential election campaign. He has since accepted those conclusions. Then, after leaks about an unsubstantiated dossier compiled by a private security firm suggesting Moscow had compromising information about him, Trump blamed intelligence agencies for using Nazi-like tactics - drawing a rebuke from outgoing CIA Director John Brennan. Trump has said he wants to try to work with Moscow to fight Islamic State militants and reduce stockpiles of nuclear weapons. He said reporters made up the tension between him and the CIA. “I have a running war with the media. They are among the most dishonest people on earth,” Trump said. “They made it sound like I had a feud with the intelligence people.” Trump also slammed media for showing images of “an empty field” from his inauguration on the National Mall while he claimed that the crowd “went all the way back to the Washington Monument.” And he called out by name a reporter who had made an error in a White House press pool report. While Trump has some support in the U.S. intelligence community, his criticism over the Russia issue eroded much of it. Within the 17-agency intelligence community, there are widely shared concerns about the qualifications and judgment of Trump, a businessman and television star who never before held public office. Some veteran analysts who have spent their careers studying foreign dictators and autocrats have said they are troubled by Trump’s style, saying his negativity, egotism and appeals to nationalism are hallmarks of autocratic regimes. “Many people are asking whether we can serve under a president and national security adviser who’ve expressed such contempt for the intelligence community, and one photo opportunity drive-by on a Saturday is not going to change that,” said a veteran officer now working at CIA headquarters after multiple assignments overseas, who spoke on condition of anonymity. Paul Pillar, a former top U.S. intelligence analyst on the Middle East, said Trump’s digressions during the speech show that “even when he is in their own building he can’t be bothered to focus on their work.” Representative Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House of Representatives’ intelligence committee, said Trump’s speech in front of a memorial wall with stars representing CIA personnel killed in action was “little more than a perfunctory acknowledgment of their service and sacrifice.” Trump had originally hoped to swear in Pompeo as his new CIA chief during the visit to the spy agency. But the Senate has not yet confirmed the Kansas Republican representative for the job. That vote is expected on Monday. Trump and Pompeo received briefings at the CIA headquarters before the president made remarks. Trump vowed he would return to speak with officers again. He said fighting Islamic State militants would be a priority for the agency, saying “radical Islamic terrorism” had to be eradicated. “We have not used the real abilities that we have. We’ve been restrained,” Trump said. It was not immediately clear what he meant by restraints. During his campaign, Trump pledged to bring back the use of waterboarding, a simulated drowning technique that former President Barack Obama had banned as torture. But Pompeo and Trump’s new defense secretary, James Mattis, have told Congress they would oppose a return to the interrogation technique.     ",1
6148,Trump order paves way for agencies to weaken health law,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump is ordering federal agencies to undermine Obamacare through regulatory action, a move that could weaken  enforcement of the requirement for Americans to buy health coverage and give insurers leeway to drop some benefits.  Trump’s first executive order, signed hours after taking office on Friday, directs the federal government to scale back regulations, taxes and penalties under President Barack Obama’s healthcare law, the Affordable Care Act (ACA).  Republican lawmakers, who are working on new legislation to repeal and replace Obamacare, praised the order as showing Trump’s commitment to gutting the program and lowering steep healthcare costs they blame on the law. Trump did not specify which parts of the program would be affected by his order, and any changes are unlikely to affect  the government-funded or subsidized insurance plans covering more than 20 million people in 2017.  Trump’s nominee to head the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Georgia Representative Tom Price, has said there was no plan for “pulling the rug out” on millions of Americans’ healthcare as a replacement is designed. But the scope of Trump’s order drives home the uncertainties of that process, healthcare experts said. “The order could affect virtually anything in the law, provided it is couched as a delay in implementing the law,” said Stuart Butler, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution. Trump’s administration could decide to delay or not enforce the individual mandate, a requirement that Americans buy health coverage if they do not already have benefits from their employer or the government, as well as a similar requirement for employers of a certain size to insure their workers, experts said. Others say those changes, if not handled carefully, could force insurance premiums higher and make healthcare less affordable for Americans - outcomes that Trump and Republicans say they are trying to avoid. “The administration has to run a really fine line here,” said Dan Mendelson, chief executive of the Washington-based consulting firm Avalere Health. “They’re not going on record as saying what they’re going to do at this point.” The administration could also alter, or fail to enforce, requirements that insurers cover a basic set of health benefits in all of their plans, from maternity and newborn care to mental health services. “This could be a signal to the insurance industry that they could offer new products that, for example, didn’t include maternity benefits, in order to attract more sales from people who would prefer a slimmer package,” said Joe Antos of the American Enterprise Institute think tank. Republican Lamar Alexander, chairman of the Senate Health Committee, said last week that Price, once confirmed, could relax requirements for U.S. states to get exemptions from the law, as well as make it easier for states to get waivers on the Medicaid health plan for low-income households. “Allow states more flexibility to determine the essential health benefits ... that’s probably the single most important step that could be taken to create a market where more insurers are likely to sell policies,” Alexander said.  His committee is one of several in the House and Senate working on repealing and replacing Obamacare.  Three of the largest health insurers – Aetna Inc, UnitedHealth Group Incand Humana Inc – have essentially pulled out of the market offering health insurance to individuals under Obamacare, citing financial losses for covering a population that was sicker than they had expected. The remaining players include Anthem Inc, as well as insurers that specialize in administering lower-cost Medicaid plans, such as Molina Healthcare Inc. Ana Gupte, a senior healthcare analyst at the investment bank Leerink Partners, said Trump’s executive order could reassure people in the market that Obamacare will be dismantled one way or another.  That could be positive for insurers who would no longer face the law’s health insurance tax, she said. But it could negatively impact acute-care hospitals that have seen more customers and insurers that sell policies to state Medicaid programs, which could shrink in size. “It’s clear that Congress is looking to repeal the law and that it’s poised to happen with a replacement. This is one more avenue to make sure their agenda is executed,” Gupte said. ",1
6149,Trump says he respects CIA in his first visit to headquarters,"LANGLEY, Va. (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump told CIA officers on Saturday that he has great respect for the agency, denying that he had a feud with the intelligence community. In his first official visit to a government agency as president, Trump was effusive with his praise, telling the officers, who came in on their time off to see him, that he loved them and had their back. ",1
6150,Trump son-in-law Kushner can serve as White House adviser: Justice Department,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump can hire his son-in-law, Jared Kushner, as a senior White House adviser without breaking federal anti-nepotism laws, the U.S. Department of Justice said. In a letter dated Jan. 20 posted on its website, the department’s Office of Legal Counsel said the president has special hiring authority that exempts White House positions from laws barring the president from naming a relative to lead a federal agency. The New York Times first reported the decision, saying it was posted to the department’s site on Saturday. Questions about Kushner’s role emerged as voters and lawmakers questioned potential conflicts of interest for Trump, given his wide-ranging business interests, history of employing family members, and the influence of his daughter Ivanka Trump, who is married to Kushner. The office of White House counsel had asked the Justice Department for a definitive opinion on Kushner’s role. The Justice Department said that if Trump chooses to officially hire Kushner and give him security clearance usually granted for White House staff, then conflict-of-interest laws would apply and Kushner would have to abide by their restrictions.  “Congress has not blocked, and most likely could not block, the president from seeking advice from family members in their personal capacities,” the department wrote in its 14-page opinion. “Consequently, even if the anti-nepotism statute prevented the president from employing relatives in the White House as advisors, he would remain free to consult those relatives as private citizens,” it said. ",1
6151,Senate confirms retired generals as first two Trump cabinet members,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate confirmed the first two members of President Donald Trump’s cabinet on Friday, voting overwhelmingly to approve two retired four-star Marine generals as his secretaries of defense and homeland security hours after Trump was sworn in as commander-in-chief. The Senate voted 98-1 to confirm James Mattis to lead the Pentagon, and 88-11 to confirm John Kelly for homeland security, a sprawling department responsible for everything from domestic antiterrorism to border security and disaster prevention. The Senate also voted 89-8 to clear the way for a vote on Monday on another member of Trump’s national security team, Republican U.S. Representative Mike Pompeo, his nominee to be director of the Central Intelligence Agency. Trump’s fellow Republicans, who hold a 52-seat majority in the 100-member Senate, have been sparring with Democrats over confirmations of nominees for cabinet posts and other senior positions. Republicans had hoped to confirm at least seven on Friday, but Democrats objected, complaining that Republicans were trying to force votes too quickly on nominees who were too slow to provide financial and ethics information. Republicans accused Democrats of playing politics and risking public safety by delaying national security team nominations that they knew would eventually go through. The CIA post is one of the most highly charged in Washington, amid controversy surrounding Russian attempts to influence the 2016 U.S. presidential election in Trump’s favor. The last CIA director, John Brennan, who had criticized Trump, resigned Friday. Trump belittled the agency as he questioned its conclusion that Russia was involved in cyber hacking that interfered with the vote, in which Trump, a New York businessman and reality television star, defeated Democrat Hillary Clinton, a former secretary of state. “We face threats foreign and domestic. It’s critical for the president to have a full national security team today, day one,” said Republican Senator John McCain, chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee. Democrat Kirsten Gillibrand was the only senator to vote against Mattis, a 66-year-old commander revered by Marines. She was also the only member of the Armed Services Committee to vote against him when the panel approved him by 26-1 earlier this week. Gillibrand has said she admires Mattis. But she objected to waiving a law on civilian control of the U.S. military to allow him to lead the Pentagon only 3-1/2 years after retiring from the Marines, instead of the seven required by the statute. The law had only been waived once before, in 1950, to allow George Marshall, the post-war Secretary of State, to serve as Secretary of Defense. Congress passed Mattis’ waiver last week, and Trump signed it just after he was inaugurated on Friday. Eleven Democrats voted “no” on Kelly, also 66. While the 40-year military veteran is also very popular, some Democrats said he had not done enough to assure them that he would oppose some of Trump’s most controversial proposals. For example, they said he had not rejected rounding up and deporting thousands of people who entered the United States illegally as children, but have been productive members of society. That group, known as “Dreamers,” were protected from deportation by an executive order signed by former President Barack Obama. Trump has promised to rescind many such orders. Trump said he was pleased that Mattis and Kelly were confirmed. “I call on members of the Senate to fulfill their constitutional obligation and swiftly confirm the remainder of my highly qualified cabinet nominees, so that we can get to work on behalf of the American people without further delay,” he said in a statement. ",1
6152,"Trump is now president, but he still sees himself as leading an insurgency","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Donald Trump took over as U.S. president on Friday in the same way he conducted his upstart campaign, with a mixture of blustery salesmanship and naked contempt for the established political order.  In doing so, he sent a clear signal to the country and the world: He plans to govern as he campaigned, refusing to align himself even with his own Republican Party and taking his message directly to the American people. He did nothing to dispel concerns that he would bring the cult of personality he built over the election campaign into the White House, and he offered little in the way of olive branches to the tens of millions of Americans who did not vote for him in the most divisive election in modern U.S. history. A former reality TV star, Trump offered an apocalyptic vision of reality: an America besieged by crime, immigration, terrorism and unfair trade deals.  “The American carnage stops right here and stops right now,” he pledged, as he presented himself as a champion of the ordinary American.    The gloomy picture Trump sketched of the nation flies in the face of evidence that the economy is in healthy shape, crime is down and the nation is relatively safe and secure.  After warning the public on the extent of the problems, Trump suggested, as he did during his campaign, that he and his “movement” are the only solution. He did not mention the Republicans in Congress with whom he will partner to govern and certainly not the Democrats who have fiercely opposed him.  Trump campaigned as an outsider, railing against the sins of both his Republican Party and the Democratic Party. And, it became clear as he delivered his speech on the steps of the Capitol, that he intends to remain that outsider, the rebel leader who takes power with one foot still on the battlefield. Continuing the populist themes from his campaign, he condemned the politicians who he said have for years prospered at the expense of the public.  He eschewed the high-flying rhetoric typical of such occasions in favor of more blunt, populist declarations. “Politicians prospered - but the jobs left, and the factories closed,” he said. “The establishment protected itself, but not the citizens of our country.” “We are transferring power from Washington D.C. and giving it back to you, the American people.” Aundrea Friedley, 52, of Nampa, Idaho, who was in the crowd watching his speech, likened it to a “powerful punch” and praised Trump for returning power to the people.       Trump won the majority of the U.S. Electoral College vote, but lost the popular vote to his opponent, Hillary Clinton, by nearly 3 million votes, making any attempt to unify the country that much more difficult.   “We assembled here today are issuing a new decree to be heard in every city, in every foreign capital and in every hall of power,” Trump said. “From this day forward a new vision will govern our land. From this moment on, it’s going to be America First.” His proposals though for ramped-up infrastructure spending, strong border controls and the strong isolationist tone of his speech may not jibe with traditional Republican priorities. At the same time, however, Trump has assuaged nervous Republicans by selecting a Cabinet that has largely affirmed bedrock conservative principals, and he plans to quickly begin signing executive orders designed to roll back some of former President Barack Obama’s progressive policies. In Trump’s speech, historians said, there were echoes of Franklin D. Roosevelt with Trump mentioning “the forgotten” Americans left behind by the forces of trade and globalization, of Richard Nixon’s “silent majority”, and of Ronald Reagan’s pledge to restore the nation’s greatness.  But, said Julian Zelizer, a historian at Princeton University, there was also “more anger physically and verbally than in the past” with Trump punctuating his speech with pointed hand gestures.  Trump spent little time trying to expand his appeal to the  majority of Americans who view him unfavorably, according to opinion polls. Instead, he appeared to speak directly to his most fervent supporters. His speech perhaps was most reflective of Reagan’s 1981 address, in which the then-president spoke of “economic affliction” and “idle industries.”But Reagan inherited an economy struggling with stagflation and an unemployment rate of 7.5 percent. By contrast, under the departing Obama, the economy has added private sector jobs in 80 consecutive months and the unemployment rate stands at 4.7 percent.  The picture painted by Trump “is probably not one that every American shares,” said Thomas Alan Schwartz, a presidential historian at Vanderbilt University. Still, he said, Trump has tapped into a “sense of national crisis and decline.”     Belinda Bee, 56, came to see Trump from Mooresville, North Carolina, saying she believed he would successfully combat Islamic terrorism and that he would remain a political outsider. “The country now belongs to the people and not the politicians,” she said.  ",1
6153,Violence flares in Washington during Trump inauguration,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Black-clad activists among hundreds of demonstrators protesting Donald Trump’s swearing-in on Friday clashed with police a few blocks from the White House, in an outburst of violence rare for an inauguration. At least 217 people were arrested in the melees, police said.  The burst of civil disorder followed a fierce presidential campaign that ended in a stunning victory for Republican Trump over Democrat Hillary Clinton on Nov. 8 and left the country divided.  Many of Trump’s supporters traveled to Washington to cheer their new president on Inauguration Day. Tens of thousands of detractors are expected to march peacefully on Saturday. In the violence, knots of activists in black clothes and masks threw rocks and bottles at officers wearing riot gear, who responded with volleys of tear gas and stun grenades as a helicopter hovered low overhead.  At one flash point, a protester hurled an object through the passenger window of a police van, which sped away in reverse as demonstrators cheered. Earlier, activists used chunks of pavement and baseball bats to shatter the windows of a Bank of America branch and a McDonald’s outlet, all symbols of American capitalism. Multiple vehicles were set on fire, including a black limousine. A knot of people dragged garbage cans into a street a few blocks from the White House and set them ablaze, later throwing a red cap bearing Trump’s “Make America Great Again” campaign slogan into the flames. Police said six officers were injured in scuffles with protesters. The people arrested would be held overnight before making court appearances on Saturday, Peter Newsham, interim chief of the Metropolitan Police Department, told a news conference. Newsham added that police would continue to monitor security around the night’s celebrations. Friday’s protests played out just blocks from Pennsylvania Avenue, where New York businessman-turned-Republican politician Trump took part in the traditional parade a newly sworn in president takes from the U.S. Capitol to the White House. The various protest groups scattered around the city chanted anti-Trump slogans and carried signs with slogans including “Trump is not president” and “Make Racists Afraid Again.” “Trump is not going to be stopped at the top, he’s going to be stopped from the bottom, from people rising up,” said Ben Allen, a 69-year-old retired teacher from San Francisco. “We support the right of everybody in this country, no matter what nationality, what religion, the color of their skin, to be respected as a human being, and this guy doesn’t respect anybody.” Trump supporter Ryan Shiring, 21, stood nervously with a group of friends near a pile of smoldering trash cans. “We thought there would be protests but we didn’t expect violence,” said Shiring, a college student from Hartford, Connecticut. “We were hoping for a completely peaceful transfer of power.” Democratic officials, including Washington Mayor Muriel Bowser, condemned the violence. The U.S. Secret Service, Washington police and other law enforcement agencies had about 28,000 officers in place to secure a roughly three-square-mile (7.8 square km) of the city. Trump, a former reality TV star, angered many liberal Americans during his stunningly successful campaign with demeaning comments on women and immigrants. His inauguration speech was a populist and nationalist rallying cry. Protesters and police said the violent activists were acting independently of organized opposition to Trump. The Disrupt J20 group on Twitter said its anger was not directed only at Trump, and that it would also have demonstrated had Democrat Hillary Clinton won the election last November. Not far from the White House, Bob Hrifko, a member of the Bikers for Trump group, said he was struck in the face with an aluminum chair when he tried to intervene in a scuffle involving police and protesters. “We need more order. This ain’t right,” said Hrifko, who was bleeding from a cut under his eye. The number of people who turned out for the midday swearing-in ceremony in the rain appeared to be significantly smaller than the estimated 2 million who attended Democrat Barack Obama’s first inauguration in 2009. Overhead video of the National Mall showed sections of the white matting laid down to protect the grass were largely empty. The city’s Metro subway system reported ridership levels as of 11 a.m. (1600 GMT) at less than half of what was seen in 2013 or 2009 and roughly on par with George W. Bush’s second inauguration in 2005. Sympathy protests were held around the nation and the world, in cities including Los Angeles, Tokyo and London.  In Seattle, one person was shot in the abdomen during a demonstration at the University of Washington, the Seattle Police Department said on Twitter. Demonstrators gathered there to protest Trump and conservative commentator Milo Yiannopoulos, who gave a talk on campus, local media reported.  In Portland, protesters threw rocks, bottles and flares at police dressed in riot gear, who fired irritant and flash-bang devices back at them, according to local media and police.  But in Moscow, Russians hoping Trump will usher in a new era of detente with their country celebrated his inauguration.  In Washington, David Guthrie, a long-haired, bearded, 36-year-old from South Bend, Indiana, stood stark naked on a street corner with an obscenity and “Trump” written on his buttocks in black magic marker. As he stood, he was pepper sprayed by police, but stood with his eyes clenched, saying he wanted to prompt “a national conversation on the illegitimacy of the Trump presidency.” “I need a shower,” he said, as fellow protesters helped him walk away, wrapped in a silver blanket. ",1
6154,"Trump, in Oval Office, signs first order on Obamacare","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump directed government agencies on Friday to freeze regulations and take steps to weaken Obamacare, using his first hours in the White House to make good on a campaign promise to start dismantling his predecessor’s healthcare law. Heading into the Oval Office shortly after the conclusion of his inaugural parade, Trump signed an order on the Affordable Care Act that urged government departments to “waive, defer, grant exemptions from, or delay the implementation” of provisions that imposed fiscal burdens on states, companies or individuals. It also called for efforts to give states greater flexibility in implementing healthcare programs while developing “a free and open market in interstate commerce for the offering of healthcare services and health insurance.” Health experts had speculated that Trump could expand exemptions from the so-called individual mandate, which requires Americans to carry insurance or face a penalty, or the requirement that employers offer coverage.  Experts also believe the administration could try to reduce the “essential benefits,” such as maternity care and mental health services, that insurance plans must cover. The White House did not provide further details about the executive order. Trump’s spokesman Sean Spicer said the White House also directed an immediate regulatory freeze for all government agencies in a memo from Trump’s chief of staff, Reince Priebus. He did not offer details. Repealing and replacing the Affordable Care Act, one of former President Barack Obama’s signature laws, was a central pledge for Trump during the presidential election campaign. Republicans in the U.S. Congress have not yet laid out a plan to recast the insurance program. In a hastily arranged ceremony, surrounded by some of his aides, Trump sat behind the presidential Resolute Desk and signed the order. He also signed commissions for his newly confirmed defense secretary, James Mattis, and his homeland security secretary, John Kelly. Trump spoke briefly about his day with reporters. “It was busy, but good. It was a beautiful day,” he said. Vice President Mike Pence then swore in Mattis and Kelly in a separate ceremony. There were other signs of change in the Oval Office, which Obama vacated on Friday morning. Golden drapes hung where crimson ones had earlier in the day and new furniture dotted the room. ",1
6155,"Trump, now president, pledges to put 'America First' in nationalist speech","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Donald Trump took power as the 45th president of the United States on Friday and pledged to end what he called an “American carnage” of rusted factories and crime in an inaugural address that was a populist and nationalist rallying cry.  Striking a defiant tone, Trump said American workers have been devastated by the outsourcing of jobs abroad.  “From this day forward it’s going to be only America First,” the Republican told thousands of people gathered on the National Mall to see him take over from Democrat Barack Obama. With Obama and three other former presidents sitting nearby, Trump accused previous U.S. administrations of enriching Washington at the expense of struggling American families. Underscoring the deep divisions in the country, protests against Trump turned ugly in downtown Washington. Black-clad activists smashed store windows, blocked traffic and fought with police in riot gear who responded with tear gas and stun grenades. Police said more than 200 people were arrested. Aerial pictures of the crowds of Trump supporters on the Mall showed a much smaller turnout at midday on Friday than that in comparable photos from Obama’s first inauguration in 2009. Estimates of Friday’s crowd size were not immediately available from police. The inaugural address was vintage Trump, with plenty of material gleaned from dozens of campaign rallies he staged last year on the road to victory on Nov. 8 over Democrat Hillary Clinton, who attended the ceremony with her husband, former President Bill Clinton. Trump said the United States has enriched foreign industry at the expense of American companies, subsidized the armies of other countries while letting the U.S. military become depleted, and spent trillions abroad while allowing infrastructure at home to crumble. “The wealth of our middle class has been ripped from their homes and then redistributed across the entire world,” he said. Trump accused the Washington establishment of protecting itself but abandoning regular citizens who have suffered from poverty and crime. “This American carnage stops right here and stops right now,” he said. “Every decision on trade, on taxes, on immigration, on foreign affairs, will be made to benefit American workers and American families,” he said. Trump, 70, takes over a country divided after a savage  election campaign.  The grim vision of America he often paints is belied by statistics showing low levels of unemployment and crime nationally, although Trump won many votes in parts of the nation where manufacturing industry has been badly hit. While Trump positioned himself as a champion of working Americans, the Tax Policy Center non-partisan think tank estimates that his tax proposals would not only add $7.2 trillion in U.S. government debt over the first 10 years, but are skewed to help the wealthiest Americans. Hours after taking the oath of office, Trump, who repeatedly promised to repeal Obama’s signature health-care law, signed his first executive order, directing U.S. agencies to delay, waive or grant exemptions from any provisions of the Affordable Care Act deemed burdensome for states or individuals. Republicans in Congress hope to repeal the health care law, also known as Obamacare, and replace it.  Sitting behind the presidential Resolute Desk, Trump signed the order in a hastily arranged ceremony. In the Oval Office, which Obama vacated Friday morning, gold drapes had already been hung in place of crimson ones. Trump’s election was greeted with concern by many countries around the world, in part because of the potential for an isolationist foreign policy. In an interview after Trump was sworn in, German Vice Chancellor Sigmar Gabriel said, “What we heard today were high nationalistic tones.”  “I think we have to prepare for a rough ride,” Gabriel told public broadcaster ZDF, adding that Europe should stand together to defend its interests. Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto congratulated Trump on his inauguration, but cautioned that the sovereignty, national interest and protection of Mexicans would be paramount. Mexicans have been angered by Trump’s pledge to build a wall along the southern U.S. border to keep out illegal immigrants, and to make Mexico pay for it. Trump has also frequently criticized U.S. companies that have manufacturing operations in Mexico. U.S. stocks closed higher on Friday in a modest advance, marking the first time in more than 50 years that a new commander-in-chief has been welcomed by a rising equity market on his first day in office.     Pope Francis urged Trump to be guided by ethical values, saying he must take care of the poor and the outcast.         In Moscow, Russians hoping Trump will usher in a new era of detente celebrated his inauguration. Russian nationalists held an all-night party at what used to be the main Soviet-era post office in Moscow. In the city of Zlatoust, craftsmen released a limited series of silver and gold commemorative coins, engraved with “In Trump We Trust.” Trump signaled the possibility of a more aggressive approach to Islamic State militants. “We will reinforce old alliances and form new ones, and unite the civilized world against radical Islamic terrorism, which we will eradicate completely from the face of the earth,” he said. The U.S. Senate overwhelmingly voted on Friday to confirm retired General James Mattis as defense secretary and retired General John Kelly as homeland security secretary, making them the first Trump Cabinet nominees to be approved. New Vice President Mike Pence swore both in Friday night. After repeating the 35-word oath of office in the ceremony,  Trump stretched his arms wide and hugged his wife, Melania, and other members of his family. Ceremonial cannon blasts fired. The Trumps rode in a heavily armored limousine to lead an inaugural parade to the White House. The couple and their 10-year-old-son, Barron, hopped out of the limo and walked part of the parade route, waving to cheering well wishers. Later, they watched some of the parade from a reviewing stand built on Pennsylvania Avenue in front of the White House. Trump takes office with work to do to improve his image. An ABC News/Washington Post poll this week found only 40 percent of Americans viewed him favorably, the lowest rating for an incoming president since Democrat Jimmy Carter in 1977, and the same percentage approved of how he has handled the transition.  Trump’s rise, while welcomed by Republicans tired of Obama’s eight years in office, raises a host of questions for the United States.      Trump campaigned on a pledge to take the country on a more isolationist, protectionist path and he has vowed to impose a 35 percent tariff on imports from U.S. companies that went abroad. More than 60 Democratic lawmakers stayed away from the proceedings to protest Trump. Many demonstrators will participate in a “Women’s March on Washington” on Saturday. Protests are also planned in other cities in the United States and abroad. Trump’s to-do list has given Republicans hope that, since they also control the U.S. Congress, they can approve sweeping tax reform and roll back many federal regulations they say are stifling the U.S. economy, as well as repeal and replace Obamacare. “He’s going to inject a shock to the system here almost immediately,” Trump senior adviser Kellyanne Conway told Fox News. Democrats, in search of firm political footing after the unexpected defeat of Clinton, are planning to fight him at every turn.   Trump’s critics have been emboldened to attack his legitimacy because his win came only in the Electoral College, which gives smaller states more clout in the outcome. He lost the popular vote to Clinton by about 2.9 million. Trump’s critics also point to the conclusion of U.S. intelligence agencies that Russia used hacking and other methods during the campaign to try to tilt the election in the Republican’s favor. Trump has acknowledged the finding - denied by Moscow - that Russia was behind the hacking but said it did not affect the outcome of the election.    ",1
6156,Trump trade strategy starts with quitting Asia pact: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The new U.S. administration of President Donald Trump said on Friday its trade strategy to protect American jobs would start with withdrawal from the 12-nation Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade pact. A White House statement issued soon after Trump’s inauguration said the United States would also “crack down on those nations that violate trade agreements and harm American workers in the process.” The statement said Trump was committed to renegotiating another trade deal, the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), which was signed in 1994 by the United States, Canada and Mexico. “For too long, Americans have been forced to accept trade deals that put the interests of insiders and the Washington elite over the hard-working men and women of this country,” it said. “As a result, blue-collar towns and cities have watched their factories close and good-paying jobs move overseas, while Americans face a mounting trade deficit and a devastated manufacturing base.” The statement said “tough and fair agreements” on trade could be used to grow the U.S. economy and return millions of jobs to America. “This strategy starts by withdrawing from the Trans-Pacific Partnership and making certain that any new trade deals are in the interests of American workers.” If NAFTA partners refused to give American workers a fair deal in a renegotiated agreement, “the President will give notice of the United States’ intent to withdraw from NAFTA,” the statement added. The TPP, which the United States signed but has not ratified, had been the main economic pillar of the Obama administration’s “pivot” to the Asia-Pacific region in the face of a fast-rising China. Proponents of the pact have expressed concerns that abandoning the project, which took years to negotiate, could further strengthen China’s economic hand in the region at the expense of the United States. Australia’s position that a change of heart remains possible in the U.S. and that the trade deal can proceed, is unchanged despite the White House statement, Damon Hunt spokesman for the Australian prime minister, told Reuters on Saturday.   Trump has criticized China’s trade practices and threatened to impose punitive tariffs on Chinese imports. The Chinese government said on Thursday that China and the United States could resolve any trade disputes through talks, while a Chinese newspaper warned that U.S. business could be targets for retaliation in any trade war ushered in by Trump. Trump has sparked worries in Japan and the rest of the Asia-Pacific with his opposition to the TPP and his campaign demands for allies to pay more for their security.  (This version of the story was refiled to correct day of China government comment in 13th paragraph) ",1
6157,"Pope urges Trump to show concern for poor, be guided by ethical values","VATICAN CITY (Reuters) - Pope Francis urged U.S. President Donald Trump to be guided by ethical values and as he took office on Friday, saying he must take care of the poor and the outcast during his time in office. “At a time when our human family is beset by grave humanitarian crises demanding farsighted and united political responses, I pray that your decisions will be guided by the rich spiritual and ethical values that have shaped the history of the American people and your nation’s commitment to the advancement of human dignity and freedom worldwide,” Francis said in a message sent to Trump minutes after he was inaugurated. “Under your leadership, may America’s stature continue to be measured above all by its concern for the poor, the outcast and those in need ...,” Francis said in the message released by the Vatican. Francis, the first pope from Latin America, has made concern for the poor and the weakest members of society a key platform of his nearly four-year-old papacy. Last year, in response to an answer about Trump’s views on immigration and his intention to build a wall on the border with Mexico, Francis said a man with those views is “not Christian”. Trump struck back, calling the pope’s comments “disgraceful.”          ",1
6158,Trump administration condemns America's 'dangerous anti-police atmosphere',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Trump administration condemned what it called the “anti-police atmosphere” in America and called for more law enforcement and more effective policing in a statement on the White House website after President Donald Trump’s inauguration. “The dangerous anti-police atmosphere in America is wrong. The Trump administration will end it,” said the statement on (www.whitehouse.gov) after it was taken over by the new administration. The statement said Trump was still committed to building a border wall to stop illegal immigration, adding, “Our country needs more law enforcement, more community engagement, and more effective policing.” ",1
6159,"Trump takes first actions on Cabinet, declares day of patriotism: spokesman","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Donald Trump took his first official actions as U.S. president on Friday, sending his Cabinet nominations to the Senate and calling for a national day of patriotism, his spokesman said. Trump, who was sworn into office earlier on Friday, also signed into a law a waiver to allow Defense Secretary-designate James Mattis, a retired U.S. Marine Corps general, to serve, Sean Spicer said. ",1
6160,Germany must prepare for 'rough ride' under Trump: Vice Chancellor,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany will need a new economic strategy geared toward Asia should the new U.S. administration start a trade war with China, Vice Chancellor Sigmar Gabriel said on Friday, warning against protectionism hours after President Donald Trump was sworn in. “I think we have to prepare for a rough ride,” Gabriel said in an interview with the public broadcaster ZDF, in the first official German reaction to Trump’s inauguration. He added that Trump’s election was the result of “a bad radicalization”. The leader of the left-leaning Social Democrats (SPD), coalition partners of Chancellor Angela Merkel’s ruling conservatives, dismissed suggestions that Trump may not pursue some controversial promises, such as imposing high tariffs on cars imported from Mexico. “He means it extremely seriously,” said Gabriel. “What we heard today were high nationalistic tones.” He added that all that was missing from Trump’s speech was comparing parliament to a “Quasselbude” or “talking shop,” a term used by Hitler before he took power to discredit the parliamentary democracy of the Weimar Republic in the 1920s. Gabriel said the European Union and Germany must stand together “to defend our interests” and to prevent such nationalistic fervor from gripping the continent. Germany will hold a general election in September in which the anti-immigration Alternative for Germany (AfD) party is expected to enter the national parliament for the first time. Trump has criticized Merkel’s decision in 2015 to throw open Germany’s borders to asylum seekers fleeing wars and conflicts in the Middle East and elsewhere and has said he believes other countries will leave the EU after Britain. Merkel, who had a close relationship with former U.S. president Barack Obama, responded to his comments in a newspaper interview earlier this month by saying that Europe’s destiny was in its own hands. German government sources told Reuters this week that Merkel was working to set a date this spring for a meeting with Trump.  The United States is Germany’s biggest trading partner and Trump has warned that his administration will impose a border tax of 35 percent on cars that German carmaker BMW plans to build at a new plant in Mexico and export to the U.S. There are fears that a protectionist trade policy by Trump could harm the global economy. A trade war with China would be particularly harmful for Germany, a leading exporting nation that gets nearly half its gross domestic product from exports. “Should the United States start a trade war with China and all of Asia then we as Europeans and Germans are fair partners,” Gabriel said. “Europe and Germany need a strategy geared toward Asia and China and we have new opportunities.” He added: “We should neither be submissive nor have fear.” ",1
6161,Factbox: Trump's presidency prompts some notes of caution from foreign leaders,"(Reuters) - Donald Trump’s inauguration as U.S. president on Friday was greeted with notes of caution by some foreign leaders. Here is some of the reaction: Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto congratulated Trump on his inauguration, saying he would like to strengthen ties, but that sovereignty, national interest and protection of Mexicans would be paramount. Pena Nieto, criticized for meeting Trump last year even after the New York businessman had insulted Mexicans in his election campaign, said on Twitter he would seek “respectful” dialogue with the new U.S. government.[nL1N1FA1G8] Canada’s government, eager to sidestep potentially protectionist U.S. policies, said it was confident Trump would see that working closely with Canada benefited both nations. “We are confident the new Administration will see that Canada’s partnership with the U.S. mutually strengthens our two nations and provides real opportunities to grow our respective economies,” Joseph Pickerill, spokesman for Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland, said in a statement.[nL1N1FA1A3] Germany will need a new economic strategy geared toward Asia should the new U.S. administration start a trade war with China, Vice Chancellor Sigmar Gabriel said, warning against protectionism hours after Trump was sworn in. “What we heard today were high nationalistic tones,” Gabriel said in an interview with the public broadcaster ZDF, the first official German reaction to Trump’s inauguration. “I think we have to prepare for a rough ride.” [nL5N1FA52T] Pope Francis urged Trump to be guided by ethical values, saying he must take care of the poor and the outcast during his time in office. [nL5N1FA4YF] Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas, in a statement posted in his name on the official Palestinian news agency WAFA, congratulated Trump. He added, “I look forward to working with him for the sake of peace, security and stability in a world that is troubled and in a region that lives a tragic era, and to contribute to creating a safe future for everyone.”  Anders Fogh Rasmussen, former NATO chief and now an adviser to Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko, said in a telephone  interview with Reuters that, “I had hoped and also expected a more internationally oriented speech. Instead we got a very domestically oriented, anti-establishment speech. “As president of the United States, he should also realize he has become the leader of the free world - that’s why people all over the globe are watching his inauguration speech. And that’s why I had hoped that he would also address the need for determined American global leadership.” ",1
6162,"'It's made in Vietnam!' At inauguration, origin of red Trump hats shocks many","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - One of the biggest cheers President Donald Trump received from supporters watching his inaugural address on Friday was his call to “buy American and hire American.”  It was a moment rich in irony. Many of those supporters were sporting Trump’s trademark red “Make America Great Again” baseball caps that were made in China, Vietnam and Bangladesh. Some were horrified when they discovered their Trump hats were foreign made.  Rob Walker, 44, who had driven to Washington from Georgia with his wife Abby, 36, had stopped at a truck stop on the way to buy a “Make America Great Again” cap. “Oh God, I hope it’s not made in China,” Abby said, flipping the cap over to check. She looked at its label. “China! Don’t tell anyone!” The Trump hats available for purchase on Trump’s official campaign website are made in the United States and cost between $25 and $30, according to the label inside those caps.  But they are also more expensive than the $20 versions sold by street vendors in Washington on Friday.  Joshua Rojas, 25 and Alyssa Young, 28, had traveled from Texas to watch the inauguration. Young was wearing a pink “Make America Great Again” hat.  “I loved it as soon as I saw it. I bought it right over there from one of the vendors for $20,” she said. So was it made in America? “I don’t know where it was made actually,” Young said. “Let me check.” She took off the hat to check the label.  “Oh no,” she cried. “It’s made in Vietnam!” Austin Araco, 22, from Arkansas, was attending his first inauguration and wearing a Trump hat.  “I bought this hat the day he won the election,” said Araco. “From his website, of course. I wanted to make sure I supported his fund. I don’t want to buy a knock-off. I bought the hat for $30, shipping included.” Victoria Scott, 13 and her brother Andrew Scott, 12, each bought a “Make America Great Again” hat before the inauguration. Victoria’s hat cost $25 - and was made in China. She did not seem to mind.  Andrew then checked his hat. “Banglakesh?” he said after checking the tag. His father corrected him. “You mean Bangladesh.” Robert Morrison from Queens, New York, was carrying his “Make America Great Again” hat - bought from a street vendor for $20 - and wearing a New York Yankees cap. Both were made in China. In his speech, Trump struck a fiery, protectionist tone. “From this moment on, it’s going to be America First,” he said. “We will follow two simple rules: Buy American and hire American.” ",1
6163,Trump backers' disparate hopes coalesce around promise of change,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The pomp and circumstance were like any big Washington celebration: a regal backdrop, the patriotic music, the military precision of the ceremony. But the throngs who attended Friday’s inauguration of U.S. President Donald Trump came for change. Dramatic change.  Some came to hear about changes in America’s world view or a desire for stronger borders. Some wanted to hear how change would ripple into their hometown. Some hankered for u-turns in policies; some wanted an entirely new approach to governing.  Trump, like President Barack Obama in 2008, tapped into a desire for change and cast himself as a challenger to the Washington establishment. But, this time, the demands came from a slice of America that feels neglected during the Obama administration.  “Obama’s had eight years and I can see my neighbors in worse shape than they were eight years ago,” said Carol Reiller, 66, a retiree who drove seven-plus hours from Buffalo, New York, with her grandchildren to see the swearing-in ceremony. Many of the inauguration attendees were focused on economic issues. In dozens of interviews with supporters, they pinned their hopes and expectations on everything from job creation to improved border security to a revival of American manufacturing. Christian Early, 37, said many of his friends have lost work in the construction industry and he is looking for Trump to turn that around.  He wants quick approval of the proposed Keystone XL crude oil pipeline from Canada through the United States, pressure on U.S. companies to repatriate cash in offshore tax havens, and an immediate loosening of financial regulations. “If he does those things, he will be creating jobs,” said Early, a bank officer from Annapolis, Maryland. “If he’s not making an earnest effort within one year, he’ll just be another politician.” Like thousands in the crowd, Early wore one of Trump’s signature “Make America great Again” baseball caps, a bright red sign of solidarity in an audience overwhelmingly opposed to just about everything symbolized by the city they had come to visit. For his part, Trump’s inaugural address channeled the resentment of the white working class in an echo of his fiery campaign speeches, darkly portraying a dysfunctional country riven by unemployment, poverty and crime that he would change in a movement of nationalism and trade protectionism. George Weber, 51, a car dealer who traveled from Missouri, said he voted for Trump with the hope that he will get Washington “working for the people…. I want to see him shaking things up right away.” Even veterans of previous inaugurations felt the mood this time was different. Marie Quinn, 76, from Richmond, Virginia, said she’d attended Republican inaugurations since Ronald Reagan’s presidency, but felt this one promised to bring more historic change. “This one will probably be much bigger,” she said, predicting that Trump would put the country on a new course. Many attendees said they were eager for Trump to fulfill his promises of a crackdown on illegal immigration. Joshua Rojas, 25, a Mexican-American graduate student who worked as a bank teller to fund his trip, said he understood some of the immigrant community’s concern about Trump, since his own father, a minister, was brought to America as an illegal immigrant. “Trump isn’t popular among Hispanics and sometimes he takes it a little far, but what he’s saying he will do still excites me,” Rojas said. “Illegal immigration is a big burden to local government.” Not everyone who attended the ceremonies was keen on the change Trump is promising. Lani Lutar, 39, a small business owner from San Diego, came for the Women’s March on Washington, an event scheduled for Saturday and expected to draw large crowds. She supported neither Trump nor his opponent, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, but she got an inaugural ticket from her congressman’s office. Lutar wanted to “appreciate the significance of this amazing ceremony of the best country in the world.” But even the impressive pageantry did not erase her misgivings about Trump. “I worry a lot about a lot of things, his treatment of people of different religions, of women, his racist comments, there’s a lot,” she said. Some of Trump’s supporters echoed those concerns, talking hopefully about the need to unify a nation bitterly divided by a combative and controversial campaign. Francie Keener, 37, wearing a lipstick-red dress to match the ubiquitous Trump cap, thought the new president’s speech was a good start. It showed that “he supports everybody,” the New Yorker said. “I hope people can rest a little easy now.” Susan Suhovsky, 64, a Catholic school teacher from New York, suggested, however, that Trump still has a way to go in softening his often combative rhetoric. “I hope when he speaks, he cleans up how he talks,” she said. “That is a concern, because you represent our country…. He talks like a New Yorker.” ",1
6164,Senate confirms Kelly as Trump's Homeland Security secretary,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate voted overwhelmingly to approve retired Marine General John Kelly as Secretary of Homeland Security on Friday, making him the second confirmed member of President Donald Trump’s cabinet just hours after Trump took the oath of office. Eighty-eight senators approved Kelly and just 11 opposed him. One senator did not vote. ",1
6165,Puerto Rico governor cites 'sharp contrast' with island's overseers,"(Reuters) - Puerto Rico Governor Ricardo Rossello on Friday criticized a set of recommendations by the federal board in charge of managing the U.S. territory’s finances, signaling a potential power struggle between the government and the board on how to pull the island out of economic crisis. In a letter to the board on Friday, Rossello said that while he supports reducing government spending, he would not focus on layoffs as a primary means of saving money. He also took a more moderate stance on reducing repayments to holders of the island’s $70 billion in debt, saying his administration had a “fundamental willingness to pay based upon available resources.”  The board, in a letter to the governor on Wednesday, said the island may have only $800 million available annually for debt service, just 21 percent of what it owes. The board’s letter had called for Puerto Rico to save more than $4.5 billion a year through a mix of savings and new revenues, including by “right-sizing government” through a 30 percent reduction in payroll and other means.  The board also said it favored extending some key deadlines that could give Rossello’s administration more time to negotiate consensual restructuring deals with creditors. [L1N1F82HL] In addition to its debt from a myriad of public issuers, Puerto Rico is struggling with a 45 percent poverty rate and unemployment that is more than twice the mainland U.S. average.  The bipartisan, seven-member oversight board was created under the federal Puerto Rico rescue law known as PROMESA, passed by the U.S. Congress last year. It is charged with helping the island manage its finances and negotiate restructuring deals with creditors. Rossello’s adversarial tone could score him political points on an island where many locals view the oversight board as an extension of U.S. imperialism. However, his policies and the board’s vision may be more aligned than not. For instance, both stress the need for the island to reduce spending and create new revenue sources. That is a departure from Rossello’s predecessor, former Governor Alejandro Garcia Padilla, who called for dramatic repayment cuts in favor of maintaining government services.  Rossello and the board may clash on healthcare spending, with the board calling for $1 billion a year in savings. Puerto Rico’s Medicare and Medicaid insurance programs are in financial trouble, due in part to federal government reimbursement levels that are disproportionately smaller than what is given to U.S. states.  Rossello said he felt “highly confident” his administration would convince Congress to increase that funding. “There is no single political leader in the world that would want to be responsible for ... endangering the health and wellbeing of 3.5 million of its citizens,” the governor said. The board also called on Puerto Rico to annually save $300 million in higher education spending and $200 million in pension costs. Rossello said he would implement means-testing for tuition rates at the University of Puerto Rico, move pension benefits into private accounts, and implement rules to treat some pension benefits as taxable ordinary income. ",1
6166,Trump to target Obama's climate initiatives: White House website,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Donald Trump’s administration is committed to eliminating Barack Obama’s Climate Action Plan and other environmental initiatives to help boost the oil and gas industry, according to a statement posted on the White House website on Friday. The announcement echoed pledges Trump frequently made during his campaign to become U.S. president, but their appearance on the White House website makes them his official policy. (bit.ly/2iK2JQp) “President Trump is committed to eliminating harmful and unnecessary policies such as the Climate Action Plan and the Waters of the U.S. rule. Lifting these restrictions will greatly help American workers, increasing wages by more than $30 billion over the next 7 years,” the website said. All references to climate change appeared to have been removed from the White House website, a word search showed. Trump was sworn in as the 45th president of the United States on Friday.     Former President Obama’s climate plan proposed cuts to U.S. carbon dioxide emissions, in part by preserving forests and encouraging increased use of cleaner renewable fuels. Trump has expressed skepticism about whether human activity drives climate change, and he has railed against Obama’s efforts to combat it by targeting carbon dioxide emissions.  Trump has also suggested he could pull the United States out of a climate pact agreed by nearly 200 nations. The statement on the White House website said that Trump’s efforts to boost the U.S. oil and gas sector would help increase government revenues to “rebuild our roads, schools, bridges and public infrastructure,” and lower the price of energy.  The statement said Trump’s administration would free the nation from dependence on foreign oil, and was “committed to clean coal technology, and to reviving America’s coal industry, which has been hurting for too long.” An overwhelming majority of scientists say the burning of coal, oil and gas is a driver of global climate change, causing sea level rise and more frequent violent storms. ",1
6167,"Factbox: Quick action Trump could take on energy, environment, climate","(Reuters) - Donald Trump, a big supporter of the U.S. oil, gas and coal industries, has promised to get to work quickly after being sworn in as president of the United States, raising expectations that he will sign a slew of executive orders. Here are some of the executive actions and other maneuvers that could come quickly, related to energy, the environment and climate change: Trump, a Republican, has promised to kill Democratic predecessor Barack Obama’s Clean Power Plan, which requires states to cut carbon dioxide emissions from power plants. He has a few options to do so, some simpler than others. The plan is being challenged by 27 of the 50 states in court, so one option is to order the Justice Department to stop defending it – effectively giving the plaintiffs a win. Trump could also seek a “voluntary remand” asking the court to send the rule back to the Environmental Protection Agency for review. The problem is that attorneys general from states like New York and California, as well as environmental groups, would likely step into the gap and defend the rule. Another possibility would be to order the EPA not to enforce the rule. That, too, could open the door to lawsuits.  A third option would be for Trump’s administration to try to issue a new regulation “withdrawing” the Clean Power Plan, even if it is upheld in the courts, according to the American Energy Alliance, an industry group that helped advise Trump’s energy transition team. That move may not be a fast one. The Clean Power Plan, finalized in 2015, was the centerpiece of Obama’s broader climate change strategy. The Waters of the U.S. rule, which seeks to clarify which waterways fall under federal environmental protection, has been mentioned repeatedly by Trump as a regulation he hopes to overturn. The rule is also being challenged in court. Legal experts say Trump’s options here are similar, and one of the most elegant ways to overturn the rule would be through a voluntary remand, a legal vehicle that would ask the court to return the rule to the EPA for review. That would then give Trump’s administration the ability to kill or revise the rule, but could also draw some lawsuits from Democratic attorneys general and environmental groups that want the rule preserved.  Trump has promised to ask TransCanada Corp (TRP.TO) to resubmit its application to build the Keystone XL pipeline, a project to pipe more Canadian oil sands crude into the United States that was rejected by the Obama administration after years of environmental lobbying against it. While the invitation to resubmit could come quickly, it is unclear whether TransCanada would seek to revive the project given that oil prices are far lower now than they were when the company initially pursued it.  Trump may also seek to issue an order to undo a guidance issued last August by the White House Council on Environmental Quality that requires federal agencies to quantify greenhouse gas emissions and factor in impacts on climate change while evaluating projects like pipelines. The council had updated the decades-old National Environmental Policy Act to include the greenhouse gas update. Trump could sign an executive order approving the Dakota Access Pipeline in North Dakota, or order the acting secretary of the army to approve the project, according to Brigham McCown, former head of the U.S. Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration under President George W. Bush. However, such a move would be highly unpopular among pipeline opponents who have camped out at the construction site for months. Leaders from the Standing Rock Sioux tribe, which led the protests over worries the pipeline would threaten water quality, have vowed to challenge any executive action. The pipeline is owned by Energy Transfer Partners LP (ETP.N).  One little-known tool used by the Obama administration to support its regulations curbing carbon emissions is the “Social Cost of Carbon,” a calculation made by a panel of technical experts to place a dollar value on the public harm caused by carbon dioxide emissions. The calculation is used in the rule-making cost/benefit analysis.  The current cost of carbon is put at $36 per tonne, which will rise to $50 by 2030. The American Energy Alliance believes that Trump could immediately order government agencies to end the use of the Social Cost of Carbon, which could help it unravel a number of Obama’s other anti-carbon regulations. Trump could immediately lift the Department of Interior’s moratorium on coal leasing on federal land, which the department enacted last year as it sought to review the program and evaluate whether the government adequately priced the value of coal extracted from public land on behalf of the taxpayer. Lifting the moratorium would improve industry access to vast coal deposits remaining in the Powder River Basin. Reversing some of Obama’s more recent moves to put federal acreage off limits to drilling could be more complicated. Obama designated around 1.6 million acres of federal lands in Utah and Nevada as monuments, using a tough-to-overturn law called the Antiquities Act. He also permanently protected areas of the offshore Arctic and Atlantic using another law that legal experts say would be a challenge to overturn. The Obama administration finalized a couple of environmental regulations in its last weeks in office that are likely to be quickly overturned, including the Bureau of Land Management Methane Rule and the Streams Protection Act. Congressional leaders said they would target those rules under the Congressional Review Act, which allows lawmakers to use a simple majority vote to rescind a regulation within 60 legislative days of publication.  The methane rule limits methane emissions from energy installations on federal land, while the Streams Protection Act protects waterways from coal mining runoff. Some other rules, affecting the agriculture industry, could also fit in this category. They include the U.S. Department of Agriculture’s final rule regarding production requirements for organic livestock and poultry, establishing minimum indoor and outdoor space requirements for chickens. During his campaign for the White House, Trump said he would pull the United States out of the Paris Climate Agreement within 100 days of taking office. The accord, signed by nearly 200 countries last year, is intended to curb global warming by slashing emissions of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases. Since his November election, Trump has softened his stance slightly, telling The New York Times he would keep an open mind about the deal. Nonetheless, the former New York businessman has been advised by his team about swift options he could take to end U.S. participation in the accord, including issuing a presidential order simply deleting the U.S. signature from the accord. ",1
6168,Trump picks FCC member Pai to lead agency: Bloomberg,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump will name Ajit Pai, a Republican member of the Federal Communications Commission, to lead the agency, Bloomberg News reported on Friday, citing a person familiar with the transition. Pai has dissented from the decisions of Democrats on the FCC that supported net neutrality provisions that forbid internet service providers from blocking or slowing web traffic to some users.  ",1
6169,"Washington protests 'mostly under control,' 95 arrested: police chief","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Violent protests against Donald Trump’s presidential inauguration on Friday were “mostly under control,” and about 95 people had been arrested, the head of the city’s police force said. “We have maybe a couple hundred people, and then a small group within there throwing rocks at the police ... but we believe that we’ve got it mostly under control,” interim Police Chief Peter Newsham told NBC’s local affiliate. ",1
6170,British protesters tell Trump from Tower Bridge: 'Build bridges not walls',"LONDON (Reuters) - A banner reading “Build bridges not walls” was draped across London’s Tower Bridge as part of several protests in Europe and Asia on Friday against the inauguration of Donald Trump as U.S. president.  Soon after sunrise, activists on the bridge, with its two Gothic-style towers, held up pink letters reading “Act now!” while others beside parliament unfurled banners saying “Migrants welcome here”. There were also demonstrations in Japan, the Philippines and Belgium, where hundreds of people held a minute’s silence, lighting candles in Friday evening’s bitter cold and holding signs defending women’s rights. In the Scottish capital, banners on Edinburgh’s North Bridge read “Women rise up” and “There is no Planet B” - a reference to Trump’s perceived lack of interest in combating climate change. Later, after the inauguration ceremony, several hundred people gathered outside the U.S. embassy in London, chanting and singing protest songs. “I’m deeply, deeply saddened and embarrassed,” said one of them, Kim Grey, 40, from Texas. “I’m here because I think the majority of Americans who didn’t vote for him need to see the solidarity around the world ... that he’s unfit, he’s unacceptable.” Trump opponents were angered by his comments during last year’s election campaign about women, illegal immigrants and Muslims, and his pledges to build a wall on the Mexican border. In Tokyo, several hundred people, most of them expatriate Americans, marched along a downtown street holding electric candles or placards reading “Love Trumps Hate” and “Women’s Rights Are Human Rights”. In the Philippines, about 200 demonstrators from a Philippine nationalist group rallied for about an hour outside the U.S. embassy in Manila. Some held up signs demanding U.S. troops leave the Philippines while others set fire to a paper U.S. flag bearing a picture of Trump’s face. At the rally in Brussels, people held up signs saying “Proud to be a Pussy” and “We will fight Like a Girl”. “I have a wife and three daughters; I have a vested interest in the equality of women,” said Protestant pastor Murray Frick, 62. “I am afraid of a big step backwards in terms of dehumanizing groups of people ... about my home country losing its moral compass.” Julie Chasin, a 42-year-old teacher originally from New York who has lived in London for a decade, joined the Tower Bridge protest. “Yes Donald Trump is President, but he still needs to protect everybody’s rights,” said Chasin, a Democrat. “It’s scary. I hope he’s kept in check. I hope everyone who is telling me not to worry, and saying that we have a strong system of checks and balances, I hope that it’s true”. Trump’s supporters, who admire his experience in business and see him as an outsider who will take a fresh approach to politics, were also marking his inauguration in London. Some 200 of them gathered under the gaze of a life-sized cardboard figure of Trump to celebrate at an exclusive club near the Ritz hotel. As he completed the oath, the room broke into a standing ovation complete with high-five celebrations. “I was expecting him to win,” said businessman David Pattinson. “It was the same with Brexit in how the polls got it wrong.” In Moscow, Russians hoping Trump will usher in a new era of detente welcomed his inauguration. Russian nationalists held an all-night party at what used to be the main Soviet-era post office in Moscow. Sellers of traditional matryoshka nesting dolls have added Trump dolls to their popular line-up of items carved in the likeness of President Vladimir Putin, Bolshevik revolutionary Vladimir Lenin, ex-President Mikhail Gorbachev and Josef Stalin. And craftsmen in the city of Zlatoust, east of Moscow, have released a limited series of silver and gold commemorative coins, engraved with “In Trump We Trust” - an allusion to the phrase on U.S. banknotes “In God We Trust”. In Nigeria, more than a thousand supporters of a southern secessionist movement took to the streets to welcome Trump, hoping he will end what they see as the “Islamization” of the West African nation. ",1
6171,Chapo extradition seen boosting U.S.-Mexico security relations under Trump,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Irrespective of whether Mexico’s decision to extradite drug kingpin Joaquin “Chapo” Guzman aimed to honor outgoing U.S. President Barack Obama or appease his successor, Donald Trump, law enforcement from both countries say it bodes well for security cooperation. Guzman, the feared boss of the Sinaloa cartel who shot to international stardom after two jailbreaks, was extradited from a prison in northern Mexico to New York on Thursday, the eve of Trump’s inauguration. While some Mexican government officials believed Guzman’s removal served as a valediction for Obama’s presidency, others saw it as an opening gambit in what are likely to be fraught trade negotiations with a seemingly unfriendly Trump administration. But current and former law enforcement officials on both sides of the border said the move would boost security cooperation and could even upgrade relations. “What happened today is something that’s a victory for both Mexico and the United States,” said Leo Silva, who worked for the Drug Enforcement Administration in the northern Mexican city of Monterrey until 2015. “This will obviously improve things.” According to a senior U.S. law enforcement official based in Mexico, both U.S. and Mexican security forces were already “three steps ahead” in identifying the next Chapo. “From the Mexico side, they work with us a lot, a lot more than people think,” said the official, who was not authorized to speak with press. “They think they’re going to get more support from us, they’re on line and I really don’t see a huge change. If anything, an improvement.” Security cooperation has not always run smoothly, and Mexico, with its proud, nationalist leanings, has often chafed at what it views as U.S. intrusion in its affairs. Silva said after Vicente Fox became president in 2000, Mexico gave less access to U.S. law enforcement. However, Fox’s successor, Felipe Calderon, was more willing to accept U.S. help, and Silva said he could even pick up the phone and call then-Attorney General Marisela Morales. The election of the Institutional Revolutionary Party’s Enrique Pena Nieto in 2012 represented a fresh set-back, with U.S. officials initially kept at arm’s length and a new attorney general appointed, Jesus Murillo Karam, who Silva called “standoffish.” Nonetheless, after a rocky start, relations soon warmed and U.S. intelligence, particularly the U.S. Marshals who track fugitives, became a key component in many of the high-profile busts that have taken place under Pena Nieto. “It’s similar to what we were doing and receiving under Calderon, except that this current administration doesn’t talk about it or publicize that they’re working together,” said one former DEA agent who worked on Mexican cases. After the victory of Trump, who has threatened to rip up the North American Free Trade Agreement, slap tariffs on U.S. firms  manufacturing in Mexico and deport millions of illegal immigrants, some speculated years of hard-won security cooperation would fray as Mexico sought to show it wouldn’t be pushed around by the brash New Yorker. But behind the bluster, law enforcement officials from both countries said that was unlikely to happen, and that the situation could even improve if Trump, a law-and-order Republican who has repeatedly voiced his support for police and soldiers, focused more on combating Mexican cartels. “The crime and the gangs and the drugs that have stolen too many lives and robbed our country of so much unrealized potential,” Trump said during his inauguration speech on Friday. “This American carnage stops right here and stops right now.” A Mexican anti-corruption official swatted away the notion that Mexico could shut out the United States on security issues.  “The government is going to continue the policy that it has always had of combating organized crime,” he said. Vito Guardino, who worked for the DEA for 30 years, said the U.S. government used extradition as a yardstick to measure other countries’ willingness to cooperate. But if the United States didn’t get what it wanted, he said, it found ways of forcing other nations to play ball, a reality unlikely to be lost on Mexico, which is heavily reliant on U.S. trade. For example, Guardino said that when Colombia stopped extraditing drug traffickers to the United States in the late 1980s, the U.S. government used a carrot-and-stick approach, threatening sanctions while drawing up the multibillion-dollar Plan Colombia. By that metric, Chapo’s removal represents a calculated show of faith on the part of Mexico, which has also signaled to Trump’s team it is open to reinforcing the northern border to curb drug smuggling and illegal migration. The high-stakes political tensions were, however, only one way of looking at things, Guardino and many others said. Relationships with foreign law enforcement officials often take years to build and rely on trust in dangerous circumstances. ",1
6172,Washington police chief says violent protest an isolated incident,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A violent protest that erupted in Washington on U.S. President Donald Trump’s inauguration day is a small, isolated incident, Interim Chief of Police Peter Newsham told CNN in an interview on Friday, adding that about 90 people have been arrested.  Newsham said the violent group consisted of a couple  hundred protesters, while thousands of others are peacefully demonstrating elsewhere across the national’s capital city. ",1
6173,More than 90 arrested in protests in Washington: CNN,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - More than 90 people have been arrested so far in protests in the nation’s capital during demonstrations across the city as U.S. President Donald Trump was sworn into office, CNN reported on Friday. Protesters and police clashed just blocks from the parade route and the White House, with some demonstrators smashing storefront windows and cars, and police in riot gear responding. ",1
6174,Former President George H.W. Bush watched inaugural from hospital room,"AUSTIN, Texas (Reuters) - Former U.S. President George H.W. Bush, who has spent nearly a week at a Houston hospital where he is being treated for pneumonia, watched the inauguration of President Donald Trump from the intensive care unit, a family spokesman said. Bush, who at 92 is the nation’s oldest living ex-president, was breathing on his own after a breathing tube was removed on Friday, spokesman Jim McGrath said in a statement. He is in stable condition in the intensive care unit of Houston Methodist Hospital, he added. “He was extubated this morning, and is breathing well on his own with minimal supplemental oxygen,” McGrath said. Former first lady Barbara Bush, 91, was admitted to the same hospital on Wednesday as a precaution after experiencing fatigue and coughing, McGrath has said. She is being treated for bronchitis and is expected to remain in the hospital over the weekend as a precaution, he said. “Mrs. Bush, meanwhile, continues to feel better and is focusing on spending time with her husband,” the spokesman said. The Bushes marked their 72nd wedding anniversary on Jan. 6. Prior to being hospitalized, they had said they would not attend the inauguration of Republican Trump due to health concerns. He was the only living former president who did not attend the inauguration in Washington, DC. In a letter to the then president-elect, Bush said he and his wife would be with Trump in spirit at the inauguration and wished him the best. Bush, a Republican, did not endorse Trump in his race against Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton.      ",1
6175,Republicans in London celebrate Trump's inauguration,"LONDON (Reuters) - Under the gaze of a life-sized cardboard figure of Donald Trump, some 200 of his supporters gathered at an exclusive club near the Ritz hotel in London to celebrate Friday’s inauguration of America’s 45th president. Bunches of red, white and blue balloons, some of them star-shaped, adorned the walls of the Royal Over-Seas League where Trump’s appearance on the balcony outside the domed U.S. Capitol was greeted with whooping and cheering. As he completed the oath, the room broke into a standing ovation complete with high-five celebrations. Later, Trump’s inaugural speech was punctuated with cheers, especially his pledge to eradicate “radical Islamic terrorism”, while at the end the room chorused along with Trump’s trademark promise to make America great again. “The speech was great - Mr Trump just touched the most important subjects for America,” said Polish-born university professor Victoria Gorska-Rabuck. “His speech was very appropriate, very uplifting and promises a lot. We hope he can deliver what he promised,” she told Reuters. Businessman David Pattinson said he thought Trump would be a successful president. “I think he’ll succeed in cutting government spending although I don’t know whether he will be successful in getting rid of the establishment,” he said. “I wasn’t surprised when he won, I was satisfied,” he added. “I was expecting him to win. It was the same with Brexit in how the polls got it wrong.” ",1
6176,'Numerous' arrests made during Trump inauguration protests: police,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Washington police made “numerous” arrests on Friday after violent protests during Donald Trump’s inauguration, with individuals being charged with rioting, the city’s police department said. “Pepper spray and other control devices were used to control the criminal actors and protect persons and property,” the department said in a statement. The statement added that two police officers had sustained minor injuries from “coordinated attacks” and that police vehicles were damaged. ",1
6177,Germany says U.S. under Trump must abide by trade deals,"BERLIN (Reuters) - The United States must stick to international agreements under the presidency of Donald Trump, German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble said on Friday, adding he did not expect a major trade war despite Trump’s attack on German car makers.  Trump, taking office on Friday, has vowed to make sweeping changes to U.S. trade policy and economists see his protectionism as the biggest risk to U.S. growth. “The United States also signed international agreements,” Schaeuble told magazine Der Spiegel. “I don’t think a big trade war will break out tomorrow, but we will naturally insist that agreements are upheld.” Schaeuble told the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland: “I am quite optimistic that even the U.S. and the rest of the world as a whole will not (abandon) the defence of free trade.” He said the German economy would feel the effects of any protectionist backlash emanating from Washington, but Germany would be somewhat insulated since its growth was currently driven by domestic demand. Nearly 61 percent of Germans fear relations between Germany and the United States will suffer under Trump, according to a poll conducted by the Civey institute for the Tagesspiegel newspaper. Only 5 percent expect a positive change. Trump criticised German auto makers this week for failing to produce more cars in the United States and said he would impose a tax of 35 percent on vehicle imports. U.S. companies employ more than 600,000 people in Germany, the United States’ biggest European trading partner, and German firms employ roughly the same number in the United States. Schaeuble said he wished Trump luck if he wanted to tell Americans which cars to buy. “That’s not my vision of America and I don’t think it’s his either,” he said. He also recommended not taking Trump’s practice of tweeting plans for policy changes too seriously: “One shouldn’t confuse Trump’s form of communication with statements of government policy.” Marcel Fratzscher, head of the DIW economic institute, said protectionism would not bring jobs back to the United States. “It’s an alarming day for the European economy because the presidency of Donald Trump has caused uncertainty,” Fratzscher told Reuters TV. He urged European officials to remain calm and avoid escalating the situation with threats and counter-threats.  President of the American Chamber of Commerce in Germany Bernhard Mattes said: “Protectionist measures like tariffs and/or the cancellation of international trade agreements have no place in a globalised world.” ",1
6178,"Small protests against Trump in Japan, Philippines","TOKYO (Reuters) - Several hundred people, most of them expatriate Americans, held a protest on Friday in the Japanese capital, Tokyo, against U.S. President-elect Donald Trump, hours before his inauguration in Washington. Some people held up electric candles and others carried placards reading “Love Trumps Hate” and “Women’s Rights Are Human Rights”, as they marched along a downtown street. “Trump presidency gets my blood boiling ... Everything we value could be gone. It’s time to speak your mind and concerns and to do our best to salvage the values we cherish in America,” said Bill Scholer, an art teacher. “I grew up in the 1960s, and it feels like we are going backwards, and am very worried that we will lose all of the advances we have made over these years,” said Holly Thompson, a writer.  Women’s rights activists plan protests in various Asian cities on Saturday. In the Philippines earlier on Friday, about 200 demonstrators from a Philippine nationalist group rallied for about an hour against Trump outside the U.S. embassy in Manila. Some held up signs demanding U.S. troops leave the Philippines while others set fire to a paper U.S. flag bearing a picture of Trump’s face. Trump’s presidency is being viewed with caution in some parts of Asia. He alarmed China by breaking with decades of precedent last month by taking a congratulatory telephone call from Taiwan’s President Tsai Ing-wen. China regards Taiwan as a renegade province and objects to countries interacting with it as a violation of Beijing’s “one-China” principle. Trump has even raised questions about the U.S. position on the principle. Trump has also criticized China’s trade practices and threatened to impose punitive tariffs on Chinese imports. He has also said he would kill an ambitious Asia-Pacific trade pact, raising questions about the prospects for globalization and free trade. ",1
6179,In Trump We Trust: Inauguration prompts celebration in Russia,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Kremlin may have spent years reviling America, but Russians  hoping Donald Trump will usher in a new era of detente marked his inauguration on Friday with parties and trinkets from commemorative coins to “matryoshka” nesting dolls in his image. Washington was turned into a virtual fortress with an estimated 900,000 people — backers and protesters — descending on the capital. In London, anti-Trump activists draped a banner reading “Build Bridges Not Walls” from Tower Bridge. Protests were planned across western Europe on Friday and Saturday.  But according to Gennady Gudkov, a Putin critic and former lawmaker, Russia is in the grip of “Trumpomania”, with state media giving the President-elect blanket air time at the expense of more mundane and sometimes depressing domestic news stories. That, he said, was in part because the U.S. election, unlike elections in Russia, had been unpredictable. The Kremlin is hoping Trump will ease sanctions imposed over the annexation of Crimea, team up with Russia against Islamic State, and cut back NATO military activity near Russian borders. Craftsmen in the city of Zlatoust, east of Moscow, have released a limited series of silver and gold commemorative coins, engraved with “In Trump We Trust” - an allusion to the phrase on U.S. banknotes “In God We Trust”. Sellers of traditional matryoshka nesting dolls have added Trump dolls to their popular line-up of items carved in the likeness of President Vladimir Putin, Bolshevik revolutionary Vladimir Lenin, ex-President Mikhail Gorbachev and Josef Stalin. And a shop selling Russian military kit located opposite the U.S. embassy in Moscow has unveiled a cheeky promotional campaign offering embassy employees and U.S. citizens a 10 percent discount on its wares to celebrate Trump’s inauguration. Some of Trump’s opponents believe the Kremlin helped him win the White House by staging a hacking campaign to hoover up embarrassing information about Hillary Clinton, his rival. The Kremlin denies that, but few here make any secret of the fact that they are pleased that Trump and not Clinton triumphed.   Relations between Putin and Barack Obama had soured badly.   “Trump’s election has generated enormous enthusiasm in Russia because his warm words about Russia and Putin have given us hope that the USA and the West will stop their attack on Russia,” Sergei Markov, a former pro-Putin lawmaker, said on social media. “We don’t know for sure if there will be an improvement (in relations) or not. But we Russians are optimists ... so we are hoping for the best, while preparing for the worst.” For Russian nationalists, Trump’s inauguration is an excuse to mix fun with self-promotion. They are holding an all-night party at what used to be the main Soviet-era post office in Moscow where they will showcase their favorite prop, a  triptych of Putin, Trump and French Front National leader Marine Le Pen. Konstantin Rykov, a former pro-Putin lawmaker and one of the event’s promoters, said on social media it was right to celebrate the first phase of the “New World Order.”       “Washington will be ours,” he quipped. ",1
6180,"On Inauguration Eve, Trumpsters party in the 'swamp' of Washington","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - They voted to “drain the swamp” in Washington, D.C., but on the night before Donald Trump was sworn in as the 45th president of the United States, they came to wallow in it. At parties across the city, Trump supporters danced and drank to celebrate an incoming president that they said would shake up a city that they saw as corrupt, complacent and out of touch with the rest of America. “Washington is freaked out. They’re about to lose power,” said John Workman, a former mayor of Palm Beach Shores, Florida, as a pair of costumed robots danced to “Sweet Home Alabama.” Ironically, Workman and other Trump supporters were participating in a Washington ritual as old as the city itself - the crush of balls, parties and protests that mark the inauguration of a new U.S. president. Trump takes office after a bitter presidential campaign marked by allegations of sexual harassment, race baiting and foreign hacking, and some of the parties were apparently as divisive as the president-elect himself. Outside the DeploraBall, a gathering of tech-savvy Trump backers who take pride in offending liberals, several hundred protesters shouted obscenities as they squared off with riot police on the streets.  Police deployed chemical spray after protesters threw trash at those leaving the building, according to the Washington Post. Elsewhere in the city, Trump backers wearing American flag-themed apparel and red “Make America Great Again” hats shared sidewalks with people carrying signs that called the incoming president a fascist.  Helicopters roared overhead as a pickup truck towing a “Honk 4 Trump” trailer blared the 1971 Don MacLean hit “American Pie.” Trump himself has struggled to attract top-level talent for the festivities, settling on lesser known acts like Three Doors Down for a concert at the Lincoln Memorial earlier in the day. He wasn’t the only one with problems. The Garden State party had to scramble for entertainment after a Bruce Springsteen tribute band canceled on the New Jersey-themed event, saying the artist whose songs they played would not approve. That didn’t seem to phase Trump, who made an appearance at a candlelight dinner for donors in Union Station, promising “four incredible years” and bragging about his surprise November victory.  “I think I outworked anybody who ever ran for office,” he said. Across town, the New York Society ball could boast rare bipartisan bona fides as the home state of both Trump and his Democratic rival, Hillary Clinton. “If Hillary had won, all this would still happen,” said Brenda Alford, 59, who was dressed in a gold skirt and a gold silk top as a tribute to Trump’s gilded Manhattan residence. A Trump supporter, she bought tickets before the Nov. 8 election. Held at the Fairmont Hotel, which recently completed a $27 million renovation, the party featured a giant Teddy Roosevelt mascot, celebrity host Joe Piscopo, and political figures from both parties. Several Republicans at the ball confided that they were not in town to celebrate Trump’s victory as much as they were to celebrate the end of Democratic President Barack Obama’s term, and, above all, have a good time.   To some partygoers, the soiree lacked a certain energy.  “If Trump were here he would be disappointed with the lack of ladies on the dance floor,” said James Koutoulas, a tuxedo-clad hedge fund owner from Florida, as he nursed a vodka tonic. Indeed, the dance floor was largely free of dancers, female or otherwise, until the band struck up a version of Neil Diamond’s “Sweet Caroline.”  As the party picked up, Koutoulas mused about how Trump’s freewheeling style might affect his profits as a hedge fund manager.     “I’m a CEO. Everyone is terrified of what a Trump tweet could do to their bottom line,” he said.  “The terror is being used for good — so far.” ",1
6181,Executive actions ready to go as Trump prepares to take office," WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Donald Trump is preparing to sign executive actions on his first day in the White House on Friday to take the opening steps to crack down on immigration, build a wall on the U.S.-Mexican border and roll back outgoing President Barack Obama’s policies.  Trump, a Republican elected on Nov. 8 to succeed Democrat Obama, arrived in Washington on a military plane with his family a day before he will be sworn in during a ceremony at the U.S. Capitol.  Aides said Trump would not wait to wield one of the most powerful tools of his office, the presidential pen, to sign several executive actions that can be implemented without the input of Congress.  “He is committed to not just Day 1, but Day 2, Day 3 of enacting an agenda of real change, and I think that you’re going to see that in the days and weeks to come,” Trump spokesman Sean Spicer said on Thursday, telling reporters to expect activity on Friday, during the weekend and early next week.  MORE FROM REUTERS  * Trumponomics may be wrong medicine for U.S. economy today  * Graphic: The presidential touch on markets  * Politics Live: Latest on Trump's inauguration Trump plans on Saturday to visit the headquarters of the CIA in Langley, Virginia. He has harshly criticized the agency and its outgoing chief, first questioning the CIA’s conclusion that Russia was involved in cyber hacking during the U.S. election campaign, before later accepting the verdict. Trump also likened U.S. intelligence agencies to Nazi Germany.  Trump’s advisers vetted more than 200 potential executive orders for him to consider signing on healthcare, climate policy, immigration, energy and numerous other issues, but it was not clear how many orders he would initially approve, according to a member of the Trump transition team who was not authorized to talk to the press.  Signing off on orders puts Trump, who has presided over a sprawling business empire but has never before held public office, in a familiar place similar to the CEO role that made him famous, and will give him some early victories before he has to turn to the lumbering process of getting Congress to pass bills.  The strategy has been used by other presidents, including Obama, in their first few weeks in office.  “He wants to show he will take action and not be stifled by Washington gridlock,” said Princeton University presidential historian Julian Zelizer.  Trump is expected to impose a federal hiring freeze and take steps to delay a Labor Department rule due to take effect in April that would require brokers who give retirement advice to put their clients’ best interests first.  He also will give official notice he plans to withdraw from the 12-nation Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal and renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement with Canada and Mexico, Spicer said. “I think you will see those happen very shortly,” Spicer said.  Obama, ending eight years as president, made frequent use of his executive powers during his second term in office, when the Republican-controlled Congress stymied his efforts to overhaul immigration and environmental laws. Many of those actions are now ripe targets for Trump to reverse.  Trump is expected to sign an executive order in his first few days to direct the building of a wall on the southern border with Mexico, and actions to limit the entry of asylum seekers from Latin America, among several immigration-related steps his advisers have recommended.  That includes rescinding Obama’s order that allowed more than 700,000 people brought into the United States illegally as children to stay in the country on a two-year authorization to work and attend college, according to several people close to the presidential transition team.  It is unlikely Trump’s order will result in an immediate roundup of these immigrants, sources told Reuters. Rather, he is expected to let the authorizations expire.  The issue could set up a confrontation with Obama, who told reporters on Wednesday he would weigh in if he felt the new administration was unfairly targeting those immigrants.  Advisers to Trump expect him to put restrictions on people entering the United States from certain countries until a system for “extreme vetting” for Islamist extremists can be set up.  During his presidential campaign, Trump proposed banning non-American Muslims from entering the United States, but his executive order regarding immigration is expected to be based on nationality rather than religion.  Another proposed executive order would require all Cabinet departments to disclose and pause current work being done in connection with Obama’s initiatives to curb carbon emissions to combat climate change.  Trump also is expected to extend prohibitions on future lobbying imposed on members of his transition team.  Washington was turned into a virtual fortress ahead of the inauguration, with police ready to step in to separate protesters from Trump supporters at any sign of unrest.  As Obama packed up to leave the White House, Trump and his family laid a wreath at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier in Arlington National Cemetery and attended a concert at the Lincoln Memorial.  Trump spoke earlier to lawmakers and Cabinet nominees at a luncheon in a ballroom at his hotel, down the street from the White House, announcing during brief remarks that he would pick Woody Johnson, owner of the New York Jets of the National Football League, as U.S. ambassador to Britain.  “We have a lot of smart people. I tell you what, one thing we’ve learned, we have by far the highest IQ of any Cabinet ever assembled,” Trump said.  Trump has selected all 21 members of his Cabinet, along with six other key positions requiring Senate confirmation. The Senate is expected on Friday to vote to confirm retired General James Mattis, Trump’s pick to lead the Pentagon, and retired General John Kelly, his homeland security choice.  Senate Republicans had hoped to confirm as many as seven Cabinet members on Friday, but Democrats balked at the pace. Trump spokesman Spicer accused Senate Democrats of “stalling tactics.”  Also in place for Monday will be 536 “beachhead team members” at government agencies, Vice President-elect Mike Pence said, a small portion of the thousands of positions Obama’s appointees will vacate.  Trump has asked 50 Obama staffers in critical posts to stay on until replacements can be found, including Deputy Defense Secretary Robert Work and Brett McGurk, envoy to the U.S.-led coalition fighting Islamic State.  The list includes Adam Szubin, who has long served in an “acting” capacity in the Treasury Department’s top anti-terrorism job because his nomination has been held up by congressional Republicans since Obama named him to the job in April 2015.  The Supreme Court said U.S. Chief Justice John Roberts, who will administer the oath of office on Friday, met with Trump on Thursday to discuss inauguration arrangements.  ",1
6182,Facts about the inauguration of Donald Trump as U.S. president,"(Reuters) - With his left hand on a Bible used by Abraham Lincoln, Donald Trump will be sworn in as the 45th U.S. president around noon (1700 GMT) on Friday and give an address at the west front of the U.S. Capitol before leading a parade to the White House. Here are some facts about his inauguration: * Weather is forecast to be wet and unseasonably warm. The National Weather Service predicts temperatures nearing 47 degrees Fahrenheit (8 degrees Celsius) and rain tapering off by midafternoon. * After breakfast and a church service, Trump and his wife, Melania, will meet outgoing President Barack Obama and first lady Michelle Obama at the White House. Following tradition, Trump and Obama will ride together down Pennsylvania Avenue to the Capitol. * Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas will swear in Mike Pence as vice president. Chief Justice John Roberts will administer the oath of office to Trump.  * Trump will give an inaugural address expected to last about 20 minutes. His spokesman Sean Spicer said Trump will give “a very forward-thinking, very inspiring, together-oriented speech” on solving such problems as creating jobs. * As many as 900,000 people are expected to turn out for the event, including thousands of protesters. After the ceremony, the Obamas will leave the Capitol to begin their post-White House lives. Trump and Pence stay for lunch. * Starting around 3 p.m. (2000 GMT), Trump, Pence and their families will lead a parade up Pennsylvania Avenue to the White House. Inaugural organizers expect more than 8,000 people to take part, including high school and university marching bands, equestrian corps and veterans groups. * Donald and Melania Trump may step out of their limousine briefly along the parade route to wave to well-wishers. Three inaugural balls are scheduled in the evening. * Following tradition, Obama will leave his successor a letter in the Oval Office desk. Its contents have not been divulged. * While 20 minutes may seem short for an inaugural address, it would not be the shortest. George Washington’s second inaugural speech in 1793 consisted of about 130 words. * The honor of longest inaugural address goes to William Henry Harrison, whose March 4, 1841, speech contained more than 8,440 words and lasted an hour and 45 minutes. Harrison, who gave his speech in a howling snowstorm without a hat or a coat, died of pneumonia a month later. ",1
6183,Factbox: Trump's early executive actions could undo Obama policies,"(Reuters) - Republican President-elect Donald Trump is expected to take executive action shortly after being sworn into office on Friday to advance key priorities and reverse some policies of outgoing Democratic President Barack Obama. Some of Trump’s first executive orders will likely undo some of the more than 275 orders signed by Obama during his eight years in the White House. Here is a look at some of the actions Trump may take. Trump’s advisors have recommended he take several steps to limit immigration into the United States within his first days in office, according to several people close to the presidential transition team. Trump will likely seek to undo an Obama executive order known as Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) that allowed people brought into the United States illegally as children to stay in the country on a two-year authorization to work and attend college. Trump would likely let the authorizations given to more than 700,000 people under DACA expire rather than immediately retract them or target such individuals for deportation, the sources said. One of Obama’s first moves as president in 2009 after winning his first four-year term was signing three executive orders to begin closing the detention facility on the U.S. Navy base in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and curtail “enhanced interrogation techniques,” including waterboarding.  Trump said shortly after his election that “we are keeping open” the detention facility and “gonna load it up with some bad dudes,” making rescinding Obama’s actions on the closure of the facility a likelihood. The detention facility began housing detainees identified as foreign terrorism suspects in 2002 under Republican President George W. Bush in the aftermath of the Sept. 11, 2001 attacks on the United States by al Qaeda Islamic militants. Obama has issued several orders related to federal contractors that Trump is likely to re-examine or rescind. One increased the federal minimum wage for employees of federal contractors to $10.10 per hour starting in 2015. Another required all federal contractors to provide their workers with paid sick leave. An executive order Obama signed that requires federal contractors to disclose labor law violations and guides agencies on how to consider such violations is unpopular with business interests and could be undone by Trump. An Obama order that encourages federal agencies to use union-only project-labor agreements to establish the employment terms for federal projects exceeding $25 million is also likely up for reversal. Obama issued dozens of executive actions on climate policy and clean energy that Trump may seek to undo. Obama finalized his Clean Power Plan in 2015 to slash carbon emissions from power plants. The plan is currently held up in federal courts but could be undone or hobbled if Trump takes executive action. Trump could also reverse an Obama order that requires federal government agencies to slash emissions 40 percent from 2008 levels by 2025.  ",1
6184,"Factbox: Trump on Twitter (Jan 19)-Rev. Graham, Washington D.C., Inauguration",The following bullet points are from the U.S. President-Elect Donald Trump’s Twitter account. Reuters has not edited the tweets.     -- Source link: (bit.ly/2jBh4LU) ,1
6185,U.S. Treasury nominee Mnuchin hammered over offshore tax havens,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury Secretary nominee Steven Mnuchin said on Thursday he would work to eliminate the need for offshore tax havens, as Democratic senators accused the Wall Street veteran of using such vehicles to shelter hedge fund money from the government.  In a confirmation hearing before the Senate Finance Committee, President-elect Donald Trump’s pick to lead the Treasury was attacked for failing to promptly disclose he was a director of an offshore business vehicle domiciled in the Cayman Islands and owned more than $100 million in real estate. Offshore tax havens used to shield income have become a symbol of the growing divide between rich and average Americans. Democrats seized on the disclosures, made late on Wednesday, to question Mnuchin’s qualifications to revamp the tax code.    “One does not go and create offshore entities at the end of the day other than to avoid, in some form or fashion, the tax laws of the United States. That’s pretty simple,” New Jersey Democratic Senator Robert Menendez said. “We have to decide whether that’s necessarily the essence of what we want as leadership,” Menendez said. Mnuchin, a former Goldman Sachs executive, hedge fund manager and Hollywood film financier, said he moved his Dune Capital Partners LLC registry to the Caymans to allow for some pension fund clients to invest in his funds, not to avoid taxes. But Mnuchin, 54, added that it “makes no sense” for the U.S. tax code to encourage the use of such entities. “In the hedge fund world these are only set up to make the accountants rich and I would love to work with the IRS to close these tax issues that make no sense.” Among the incoming Trump administration’s top economic priorities is a massive tax reform effort aimed at lowering rates for businesses and individuals and closing many deductions and credits. Mnuchin, who insisted his last-minute disclosures were not intentional but due to the complexity of his holdings, complicated federal forms and a lawyer’s advice that the real estate disclosure was not required, also tried to clarify Trump’s recent market-moving comments on the U.S. dollar. The Republican businessman-turned politician, who will be sworn in on Friday, said in an interview published this week in the Wall Street Journal that the dollar’s strength was “killing us,” prompting the greenback to fall and gold prices to jump. Mnuchin said he believed that Trump’s remarks, which usurped a role normally reserved for Treasury secretaries, referred to a short-term spike in the dollar due to market factors, not its longer-term value. “The long-term strength over long periods of time is important” for the dollar, Mnuchin said.      He also said he would like to see an increase in the U.S. government’s debt ceiling “sooner rather than later” to avoid another standoff with Congress that could upset financial markets. The current debt ceiling extension expires on March 15, but the Treasury would not likely exhaust its borrowing capacity for several more months after that.  Democrats had gone into Mnuchin’s hearing perceiving him as one of the more vulnerable Trump nominees, partly due to his involvement with OneWest Bank, which he ran in the aftermath of the 2007-2009 financial crisis. They hammered him for the 36,000 foreclosures that the bank pursued after Mnuchin struck a lucrative deal with the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp to absorb most of the losses from such actions. Critics have described OneWest as a ‘foreclosure machine’ and Senator Ron Wyden, the committee’s top Democrat, criticized the bank’s automated “robo-signing” of foreclosure documents and foreclosing on the widows of reverse mortgage holders. Mnuchin argued that his bank was a “loan modification machine,” offering payment reductions to 101,000 borrowers to try to keep them in their homes, and said his turnaround of the failed IndyMac bank, which became OneWest, saved thousands of jobs and homes. ",1
6186,"Washington braces for anti-Trump protests, New Yorkers march","WASHINGTON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - Washington turned into a virtual fortress on Thursday ahead of Donald Trump’s presidential inauguration, while thousands of people took to the streets of New York and Washington to express their displeasure with his coming administration. Some 900,000 people, both Trump backers and opponents, are expected to flood Washington for Friday’s inauguration ceremony, according to organizers’ estimates. Events include the swearing-in ceremony on the steps of the U.S. Capitol and a parade to the White House along streets thronged with spectators. The number of planned protests and rallies this year is far above what has been typical at recent presidential inaugurations, with some 30 permits granted in Washington for anti-Trump rallies and sympathy protests planned in cities from Boston to Los Angeles, and outside the U.S. in cities including London and Sydney.  The night before the inauguration, thousands of people turned out in New York for a rally at the Trump International Hotel and Tower, and then marched a few blocks from the Trump Tower where the businessman lives. The rally featured a lineup of politicians, activists and celebrities including Mayor Bill de Blasio and actor Alec Baldwin, who trotted out the Trump parody he performs on “Saturday Night Live.” “Donald Trump may control Washington, but we control our destiny as Americans,” de Blasio said. “We don’t fear the future. We think the future is bright, if the people’s voices are heard.” In Washington, a group made up of hundreds of protesters clashed with police clad in riot gear who used pepper spray against some of the crowd on Thursday night, according to footage on social media.  The confrontation occurred outside the National Press Club building, where inside a so-called “DeploraBall” event was being held in support of Trump, the footage showed. U.S. Department of Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson said police aimed to keep groups separate, using tactics similar to those employed during last year’s political conventions. “The concern is some of these groups are pro-Trump, some of them are con-Trump, and they may not play well together in the same space,” Johnson said on MSNBC. Trump opponents have been angered by his comments during the campaign about women, illegal immigrants and Muslims and his pledges to scrap the Obamacare health reform and build a wall on the Mexican border. The Republican’s supporters admire his experience in business, including as a real estate developer and reality television star, and view him as an outsider who will take a fresh approach to politics. Bikers for Trump, a group that designated itself as security backup during last summer’s Republican National Convention in Cleveland, is ready to step in if protesters block access to the inauguration, said Dennis Egbert, one of the group’s organizers. “We’re going to be backing up law enforcement. We’re on the same page,” Egbert, 63, a retired electrician from Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. About 28,000 security personnel, miles of fencing, roadblocks, street barricades and dump trucks laden with sand are part of the security cordon around 3 square miles (8 square km) of central Washington. A protest group known as Disrupt J20 has vowed to stage demonstrations at each of 12 security checkpoints and block access to the festivities on the grassy National Mall. Police and security officials have pledged repeatedly to guarantee protesters’ constitutional rights to free speech and peaceful assembly. Aaron Hyman, fellow at the National Gallery of Art, said he could feel tension in the streets ahead of Trump’s swearing-in and the heightened security was part of it. “People are watching each other like, ‘You must be a Trump supporter,’ and ‘You must be one of those liberals’,” said Hyman, 32, who supported Democrat Hillary Clinton in the November election. Friday’s crowds are expected to fall well short of the 2 million people who attended Obama’s first inauguration in 2009, and be in line with the 1 million who were at his second in 2013. Forecast rain may also dampen the turnout, though security officials lifted an earlier ban on umbrellas, saying small umbrellas would be permitted. ",1
6187,Japan PM aims to strengthen U.S. alliance under President Trump,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, speaking in parliament hours before U.S. President-elect Donald Trump takes office, said on Friday he wanted to further strengthen the Japan-U.S. alliance. Trump sparked worries in Tokyo and the rest of the Asia-Pacific with campaign comments which included a pledge to make allies pay more for the security provided by U.S. forces and  opposition to the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal. “The Japan-U.S. alliance has been, is and will be the cornerstone of our country’s diplomatic and security policies. This is an immutable principle,” Abe said in his policy speech at the start of the regular parliament session. “I am aiming to visit the United States as soon as possible to further fortify the bond of alliance together with new President Trump.”     Abe met with Trump in New York after the election in November and called him a “trustworthy leader”. In his speech to parliament, the prime minister repeated his support for TPP, which will go into deep freeze if the United States drops out.   “As a flag bearer for free trade, we will build an economic system of the 21st century based on fair rules. The TPP agreement sets the standard for that purpose and serves as the foundation for future economic cooperation,” he said.             Japan has ratified the TPP and on Friday notified New Zealand, secretariat for the TPP, it had completed the domestic procedures for the pact, becoming the first country among the 12 signatory nations to do so. New Zealand has ratified the TPP, but not completed the whole domestic procedures. Koichi Hamada, an adviser to Abe and emeritus professor of economics at Yale University, told Reuters that Japan should push back if Trump bases trade and other economic policy on “wrong economics”, in an unusually direct expression of concern about potential protectionism. Echoing the sentiment in Abe’s speech, Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida called strengthening the Japan-U.S. alliance key to regional peace and prosperity, and said Japan is ready to play a role as a stabilizing power in a world ripe for change.  “Uncertainty is growing in the international community, while Japan has conducted stable politics and diplomacy over the past four years and increased its international presence,” Kishida said in his foreign policy speech. “As a stable power, Japan needs to work with countries it shares fundamental values with and take a leading role in the international community, so that this ... will be the year of advancement of Japan’s national interest and of global peace and prosperity.” Abe’s ruling coalition enjoys a two-thirds majority in parliament’s powerful lower house, while the transition of power in the United States, key elections this year in France and Germany and Britain’s departure from the European Union are making the global economic and political outlook uncertain.         Trump’s inauguration ceremony will take place later on Friday in Washington, which braces for more than a quarter-million protesters expected during the New York real estate tycoon’s swearing-in. Following the speeches by Abe and Kishida, Finance Minister Taro Aso pledged to stick to the government’s target of achieving a balanced budget in the fiscal year ending in March 2021, by pursuing both economic growth and fiscal consolidation. ",1
6188,Conflicted U.S. capital prepares to host Trump's inauguration,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Rob Cortis calls it the “Trump Unity Bridge” - a bulky, metal 45-foot structure welded to two wheels and bedecked with red, white and blue signs echoing President-elect Donald Trump’s campaign themes. He has towed it more than 20,000 miles (32,000 km) across the country. But as he arrived in Washington on the eve of Trump’s inauguration on Friday as America’s 45th president, he struggled to navigate the city’s crowded potholed streets.  “I’ve been on dirt roads that are smoother,” said Cortis, who lives in Michigan. Things are no smoother for Washington - a city with a history of welcoming its White House occupants - following one of the most polarizing elections in modern U.S. politics. Nowhere in the country did the Republican Trump get less support, winning just 4 percent of the vote in the District of Columbia in the Nov. 8 election. On K Street, best known for its well-heeled lobbyists, about 200 protesters chanted: “No Trump ... no fascist USA.” Nearby, Trump supporters - some draped in red, white and blue shirts, hats and jackets - declared their unwavering support for the New York businessman. Denise Hendrickson, 51, a nurse who moved to Washington when Democratic President Barack Obama took office eight years ago, walked the streets on Thursday with a sign thanking him for his service and proclaiming: “We Already Miss U.” As she moved down the sidewalk, she invited Trump supporters to talk, promising hugs to anyone who was willing. One man wearing Trump’s signature red “Make America Great Again” hat just smiled, took a picture and moved on. Then a middle-aged woman, also in Trump gear, approached to talk. After a few minutes, the two women hugged. “This city is bummed out, it’s a Democratic city,” Hendrickson said.  But Hendrickson said there was a need in the current  political climate to listen to people with different views. “We are open to having a conversation with any Trump supporter,” she shouted. Traci Turner, 38, no fan of Trump, arrived from Atlanta with her husband and mother-in-law, both avid Trump supporters who got tickets for the inauguration. “We could not be more different in politics. We’ve been married 13 years and we try to stay away from that subject,” she said. “They’re here for the inauguration. I’m just here for the sites, just for the history.” As Turner spoke, a stranger walked by and reminded her there were other options for people visiting the city, including a march planned for Saturday when hundreds of thousands of women are expected to turn up in support of women’s rights. Some 900,000 people, both Trump backers and opponents, are expected to flood Washington for Friday’s inauguration ceremony. Opponents of Trump are riled by his disparaging campaign comments about women, illegal immigrants and Muslims and his pledge to build a wall on the border with Mexico. His supporters admire his experience in business and his promises to shake up Washington and put America’s interests first.     Cortis, 53, who has spent months driving the country with his trailer-mounted model bridge, said the atmosphere had been cordial despite the political differences on display across much of the city. “Nobody has been really nasty,” he said of reactions to his bridge, which features a Trump mannequin, a Statue of Liberty figurine and a Harley-Davidson motorcycle, symbolizing American manufacturing. “You can tell some people have a negative vibe when they see it, but they kind of shake it off, because we’re playing positive, uplifting music and we have a positive message,” Cortis added. With all the different visitors, “it’s been one of our busiest weekends yet,” said Roger, a 41-year-old cabdriver who declined to give his last name. “They’ve been supportive of Trump, protesting against Trump, and not giving a damn about the man,” he said. All I know is that business has been good. Real good.” Not everyone in the city is planning to stay in town for the event. Preston Mitchum, 30, a gay man, plans to go away for a few days with friends. Sweating on an exercise machine at a gym on Thursday afternoon, he noted most of his friends are gay or members of racial minorities – groups that generally opposed Trump’s candidacy. “We don’t want to deal with the fact that we may have to get into an argument with someone (supporting Trump),” he said. On Wednesday night, Mitchum was among hundreds attending an outdoor “dance party” organized by gay and transgender activists near the home of Vice President-elect Mike Pence.  Rainbow flags, the symbol of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender pride, have cropped up on scores of houses in the liberal neighborhood where Pence, who opposes gay marriage and laws barring discrimination based on sexual orientation, took a short-term rental while he waits to move into the vice presidential mansion. Participants at the dance party were well behaved, said police, who reported no incidents or arrests. ",1
6189,"U.S. national security handover to Trump bumpy, officials say","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump’s national security transition has been more chaotic than others in recent memory, with important positions unfilled and many of his people less able, or willing, to engage on substance, U.S. officials said. The uncertainties surrounding Trump’s personnel, policies, and rise to power have rattled many of America’s allies, including Japan, Germany and Britain, at a time when China is more assertive, Russia more aggressive, terrorism more diffuse, the Middle East still unstable and North Korea nuclear-armed and unpredictable, said U.S. and foreign diplomats. Disruption and uncertainty can provide strategic advantages, Mark Lagon and Ross Harrison of Georgetown University wrote in Foreign Policy magazine. “But what is seriously in doubt is whether Trump’s disruption will be strategic or beneficial to U.S. foreign policy interests. Even before getting elected, he acted like a missile without a guidance system.” Top Trump officials, however, described the transition as having gone smoothly, including on national security. Republican Trump’s camp announced on Thursday it had asked more than 50 of Democrat Obama’s appointees to stay on.  However, at least three officials, a senior intelligence officer and two diplomats whose names are on a list of “requested political holdovers,” will depart. Principal Deputy Director of National Intelligence Stephanie O’Sullivan, Under Secretary of State Catherine Novelli and Assistant Secretary of State Toria Nuland appear on a Jan. 17 partial list of people the transition wanted to remain after Trump’s inauguration on Friday. The two diplomats have told colleagues they are going, and O’Sullivan is keeping her long-standing plans to retire. A U.S. official said that Nuland was never asked by the transition to stay on and was unaware of her name appearing on such a list. The State Department declined comment. The Trump transition and the Office of the Director of National Intelligence did not immediately respond to a request for comment. It is not clearly whether the uncertainties extend to other parts of the government, but another senior official at a national security agency said Trump’s effort was “much slower” than the 2001 Bill Clinton-to-George W. Bush or the 2009 Bush-to-Barack Obama handovers. “Personnel appointments were far more advanced in both those cases,” said the official, who spoke on condition he not be identified. “In both cases, advance teams were working on substance.” During the 2008-2009 transition, the official said, incoming and outgoing officials had worked together on issues “in a very harmonious fashion.” “None of that is the case in this transition,” he added. He said that he had expected to have met by now with his likely replacement or others on the transition, but had not. “It’s not just me. Everybody’s experience is like mine.” Speaking to reporters on Thursday, Vice President-elect Michael Pence said Trump’s transition was being completed ahead of schedule and under budget. “Our job is to be ready on day one. The American people can be confident that we will be.” Trump spokesman Sean Spicer also told reporters that contact between the incoming and outgoing National Security Council staffs had been “tremendous.” “We’ve had reams of briefings,” he said. “That is one area where frankly they have been very, very aggressive and robust with both meeting with their counterparts and ensuring that the team is ready to go day one.”Trump’s team did not respond to requests for further comment. Three State Department officials, though, called the transition there “a mess,” and said that until recently the Trump team had little contact with department officials and read few if any of their briefing books.     That has left many career officials with misgivings about the incoming administration and the possibility that many foreign policy and national security veterans may be swept out. A dozen serving officials at four intelligence agencies said they are troubled by Trump’s apparent disdain for their work; by his designated national security advisor Michael Flynn’s perceived bent for conspiracy theories and hostility toward some of his former colleagues; and by what some say is the incoming president’s disinterest in the briefings he has received. Two officials with knowledge of those briefings said Trump’s attention has wandered, he has asked few questions, has read few if any of the briefing books he’s been given – including the one on Russian hacking of the 2016 election - and has requested few topical sessions, one of which was on North Korea. Secretary of State John Kerry and his nominated replacement, Rex Tillerson, were to meet on Thursday, but their schedules did not mesh, State Department spokesman John Kirby told reporters. One Obama official, who has dealt with the Trump transition team at the State Department and spoke on condition of anonymity, said it appeared ‘totally disconnected’ from Trump’s top echelon of advisers and from Tillerson. Tillerson’s nomination is not expected to get a Senate Foreign Relations Committee vote before Monday at the earliest. ",1
6190,"Nason, former Treasury official, being vetted for Fed role: sources","WASHINGTON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - David Nason, a General Electric executive and former Treasury Department official, is the front runner to become the Federal Reserve’s top Wall Street regulator under President-elect Donald Trump, sources familiar with the screening said on Thursday. Nason leads GE’s Energy Financial Services division, which funds worldwide energy development, mostly from thermal and renewable sources. In 2008, Nason was a deputy to Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson as U.S. regulators tried to stabilize Wall Street and prevent an economic meltdown after the housing market collapsed. Trump will have a chance to nominate the Fed’s vice chair for supervision - a role conceived in the wake of the financial collapse to watchdog Wall Street. If Nason is tapped for the role, he would be the most senior rule-writer for Wall Street with a large say in how leading banks are supervised day to day. In recent weeks, other names have been floated as vice chair candidates who can boast support from Wall Street. Representative French Hill, an Arkansas Republican and former banker, has been favored by some in the banking industry while some Washington lobbyists have favored Paul Atkins, a former commissioner with the Securities and Exchange Commission. While no final decision has been made on who should fill the job, Nason has Paulson’s backing and has become the front runner in recent weeks, the sources said. In the last several weeks, Nason has met with Trump’s senior economic advisers Gary Cohn and Steve Mnuchin, according to one source familiar with the meetings. A Trump spokesperson declined to comment. Trump has named Cohn as head of the White House National Economic Council and nominated Mnuchin as Treasury secretary. Both Cohn and Mnuchin held senior roles at Goldman Sachs, and they have heard directly from Paulson, the company’s former chief executive, that Nason is a solid pick, according to another source familiar with the screening. Nason did not immediately respond to a call for comment. A spokesman for Paulson declined to comment. In Paulson’s memoir, “On the Brink,” the former cabinet secretary singles Nason out for praise during the financial crisis. ",1
6191,Rights group files legal request on Trump business ties,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The American Civil Liberties Union filed a legal request with several government agencies on Thursday demanding details on Donald Trump’s potential conflicts of interest related to the extensive business affairs of the incoming U.S. president and his family. The request, made under the Freedom of Information Act, demands that the agencies to turn over documents that shed light on any of Trump’s actual or potential conflicts of interest and seeks details concerning regulations on divestment of financial interests and prohibitions on nepotism. The request on the eve of his inauguration marked the first salvo in what promises to be a contentious relationship between the rights group and Trump. “We have serious concerns that Donald Trump will be in violation of the Constitution on Day One,” ACLU Executive Director Anthony Romero said in an interview. “He has taken anemic steps to address the real questions around his businesses, his family’s business interests and his role now as president of the United States.” Trump, a wealthy real estate developer, said on Jan. 11 he would maintain ownership of his global business empire but hand off control to his two oldest sons while president. The Trump Organization will not enter into any new overseas deals, his legal adviser Sheri Dillon said.  Trump raised nepotism concerns by naming his daughter Ivanka Trump’s husband, Jared Kushner, to a senior advisory role in the White House. The ACLU’s legal request demands emails, legal opinions, memos and other communications drafted since Nov. 9, the day after Trump was elected, from agencies including the U.S. Office of Government Ethics, the Justice Department’s Office of Legal Counsel and the General Services Administration. It also seeks all communications to and from the presidential transition team. The ACLU vowed an aggressive posture toward the new Trump administration, committing to hire an extra 100 employees to mount possible legal challenges in the areas of abortion and birth control, immigration, government openness, free speech and lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender rights. Using a flood of donations made since Election Day, it also said it has created a fund that now stands at $47 million to fight any civil rights violations by the Trump administration. ",1
6192,Obama commutes prison sentences for 330 before leaving office,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama commuted the prison sentences of 330 federal inmates, particularly drug offenders, on Thursday, making his quest to reduce what he viewed as overly harsh punishments one of his final acts in office. Obama leaves the White House on Friday, when Republican President-elect Donald Trump will succeed him. The commutations were the most done in a single day, the White House said, and brought the total number of sentences reduced by Obama to 1,715. “The vast majority of these men and women are serving unduly long sentences for drug crimes,” White House counsel Neil Eggleston said in a statement. The move means Obama has granted more commutations than any other U.S. president in history and, Eggleston said, surpassed the number granted by the past 13 presidents combined. Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates said the Office of the Pardon Attorney had processed more than 16,000 petitions since a clemency initiative was launched in April 2014. “By restoring proportionality to unnecessarily long drug sentences, this Administration has made a lasting impact on our criminal justice system,” she said. Stymied by Congress in efforts to pass comprehensive criminal justice reform, Obama focused on reducing the sentences of drug offenders who would have served less time if convicted under current laws. Eggleston said he hoped the people whose sentences were commuted would set an example for others. “As the President has written to you, your example will influence whether someone in similar circumstances will get his or her own second chance in the future,” he said. ",1
6193,U.S. governors want Congress to keep funding health benefits for poor,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Republican governors on Thursday urged Washington lawmakers to keep funding health benefits for millions of low-income Americans, even as Congress is working to repeal Obamacare, President Barack Obama’s landmark health insurance law.  Ohio Governor John Kasich, one of 10 governors who met Republican lawmakers in Washington, suggested that those who gained Medicaid coverage under an Obamacare-financed expansion could instead be given either premium subsidies or tax credits for buying private health insurance. Medicaid is the U.S. government health insurance program for the poor. An expansion of Medicaid with federal funding was one of the larger provisions of Obamacare when Congress passed the law in 2010. States were allowed to choose whether to adopt the Medicaid expansion, and 31 states including Ohio did so. But if that expansion is cut and not replaced as part of the repeal of Obamacare that congressional Republicans are working on now, at least 10 million low-income people could lose their health insurance.  “There are some fundamental things that we can do that can settle people down, so they are not worried they are going to lose their coverage, but at the same time bring significant changes to the Obamacare package,” Kasich, a former Republican presidential candidate, told reporters after the meeting with other Republican governors and lawmakers hosted by the Senate finance committee. Ending Obamcare was a campaign promise of Republicans including President-elect Donald Trump. But Thursday’s conversation underlined anxiety about the Obamacare repeal process and the fears that people will lose their health insurance before a replacement is found.  “It ain’t gonna happen. Nobody’s going to lose coverage,” Republican Senator John Cornyn said as he left the meeting, adding that he thought Kasich had offered some “creative” ideas for dealing with Medicaid costs. Congress voted last week to start dismantling Obamacare, despite concerns about not having a replacement ready. More than 20 million previously uninsured Americans gained coverage through Obamacare. About half the coverage was extended by expanding Medicaid and the other half through online exchanges where consumers can receive income-based subsidies. Republicans say a good replacement would give states more control of healthcare programs and provide more stability in health insurance premiums. Arkansas Governor Asa Hutchinson was optimistic funds for the expanded Medicaid program will keep flowing from Washington. “I’ve been in Washington before. When you talk about cuts, you’re talking about reducing the growth level of spending,” Hutchinson said. ",1
6194,Trump won't wait to act on trade pact vows: spokesman,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Donald Trump will not wait for Congress to confirm his Cabinet  positions to act on his vows to withdraw from the 12-country Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal and renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), a spokesman for the president-elect said on Thursday. Trump, who takes office as president on Friday, declared in November he would give notice of U.S. intent to withdraw from the TPP on “day one” of his presidency, terming it “a potential disaster for our country.” Spicer told reporters Trump had said the moves would be made via executive order. “So I think you will see those happen very shortly,” Spicer added. “I don’t think he’s going to wait. He’s made it very clear that some of those things are huge priorities for him.” Trump’s nominee to run the Treasury Department, Steven Mnuchin, said on Thursday that Washington can renegotiate NAFTA, which was signed by the United States, Canada and Mexico in 1994, in a way that benefits both the United States and Mexico. “I think most people acknowledge NAFTA was negotiated a long time ago, that we should reopen this agreement,” Mnuchin told U.S. senators in his confirmation hearing. “I’m optimistic that we can renegotiate that deal (in a way) that’s both advantageous to us and advantageous to Mexico. That it’s a win-win for both countries.”  An adviser to the Trump transition told Reuters last week that Trump would not revive TPP, which has yet to be ratified by the United States, but would quickly pursue bilateral trade agreements. The TPP has been the main economic pillar of the Obama administration’s “pivot” to the Asia-Pacific region in the face of a fast-rising China.  Proponents of the pact have expressed concerns that abandoning the project, which took years to negotiate, could further strengthen China’s economic hand in the region at the expense of the United States. The trade minister of New Zealand, Todd McClay, said this week that it would be “interesting” to see whether momentum builds around the Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership (RCEP), an Asian trade pact that includes China and India, if the United States pulls out of the TPP. ",1
6195,Senate to vote on just two Trump national security picks on Friday,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Senate is due to vote on Friday on two retired Marine generals who are President-elect Donald Trump’s choices as secretary of defense and secretary of homeland security, but Democrats promised fights over several other nominees. Both retired General James Mattis, Trump’s pick to lead the Pentagon, and retired General John Kelly, his choice for the Department of Homeland Security, are expected to be confirmed easily. The Senate will begin debate on a third prospective member of Trump’s national security team, U.S. Representative Mike Pompeo, his choice for director of the Central Intelligence Agency, Senate Democratic leader Charles Schumer said on Thursday. Schumer did not guarantee a vote on Pompeo on Friday. “There are a good number of members” who want to make statements about Pompeo or ask him questions, Schumer told a news conference. Republicans had hoped to confirm as many as seven of Trump’s nominees on Friday, the day he becomes president. However, Democrats balked at what they described as efforts by Republicans, who hold a 52-seat majority in the 100-member Senate, to jam through nominees before they had filed all their financial and ethics paperwork. There have been 15 hearings for Trump nominees in the past two weeks. Republicans accuse Democrats of playing politics, using stalling tactics and overstating ethics concerns about some of Trump’s selections. Schumer called for an investigation of the healthcare stock investments of Representative Tom Price, the nominee to head the Department of Health and Human Services. Price has denied any inappropriate actions. Schumer said the Senate might also confirm a few of Trump’s other “noncontroversial” nominees quickly, but declined to name any. “Over the last few weeks, Republicans have made a mockery of the confirmation process,” Schumer said. Most of Trump’s nominees will eventually be confirmed. Under a rules change orchestrated by Democrats when they held a Senate majority, his selections need just 50 votes to pass the Senate, not the 60 that used to be required for a nomination to advance in the chamber. Seven members of President Barack Obama’s Cabinet were confirmed the day he took office, a number Republicans hoped to match for Trump. Schumer said the Obama nominees had completed their paperwork and ethics reviews while all of Trump’s choices had not. Underscoring the bitterness over the confirmation process, Schumer also said Democrats wanted roll call votes on Mattis and Kelly, rather than allowing their confirmation by voice vote. ",1
6196,U.S. transfers four Guantanamo inmates in waning hours of Obama tenure,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States sent four detainees from the Guantanamo Bay military prison to the United Arab Emirates and Saudi Arabia on Thursday, marking President Barack Obama’s final prisoner transfers from a facility whose continued existence he said would be judged harshly by history. With Republican Donald Trump to be sworn in as president on Friday and vowing to keep the prison open, Democrat Obama whittled down the inmate population there to only 41, far short of fulfilling his promise to close the jail dating back to his 2008 presidential campaign. In a parting shot on an issue seen tarnishing his legacy, Obama said U.S. lawmakers who have thwarted his efforts to shut the prison at the U.S. naval base in Cuba “have abdicated their responsibility to the American people.” “History will cast a harsh judgment on this aspect of our fight against terrorism and those of us who fail to bring it to a responsible end,” he said in a letter to the Republican-controlled Congress. “Once again, I encourage the Congress to close the facility.” Margaret Huang, executive director of Amnesty International USA, said: “We are extremely concerned that President-elect Trump will make good on his threat to subject more people to indefinite detention without charge or trial.” The offshore prison was opened by Obama’s predecessor George W. Bush to hold terrorism suspects rounded up overseas after the Sept. 11, 2001 attacks. Under Bush, it came to symbolize harsh detention practices that opened the United States to accusations of torture. The latest transfers included three detainees sent to the UAE, including the last Russian held at the prison, and an Afghan and a Yemeni, U.S. officials said. A Saudi prisoner was sent home. It marked the completion of Obama’s final flurry of releases. Trump said during the election campaign that he not only wants to keep the prison open but “load it up with some bad dudes.” Obama pressed ahead, however, moving out most of the prisoners on a list of low-level detainees deemed by parole-style inter-agency reviews to be safe for transfer. There were 242 prisoners when he took office. His efforts were blocked by mostly Republican opposition in Congress, which barred him from moving prisoners to the U.S. mainland. Pentagon foot-dragging has also been blamed. Obama lamented that his opponents had “placed politics above the ongoing costs to taxpayers, our relationships with our allies and the threat posed to U.S. national security.” Trump said this month that all those held at Guantanamo should stay. “These are extremely dangerous people and should not be allowed back onto the battlefield,” he tweeted. However, the Obama administration has insisted that intelligence shows only a very small percentage of the prisoners it has released have returned to militant activities. Among the three sent to the UAE was Ravil Mingazov, reported to be an ethnic Tatar and Russian army veteran captured in Pakistan in 2002. Also sent to UAE were Haji Wali Muhammed and Yassim Qasim Mohammed Ismail Qasim, while Jabran al Qahtani was flown to Saudi Arabia, the Pentagon said. Of the prisoners left at Guantanamo, 10 face charges in military commissions, including people accused of plotting the Sept. 11 attacks. About two dozen have not been charged but have been deemed too dangerous to release. A handful of inmates previously cleared for transfer will remain after the administration was unable to make arrangements in time for relocation. Lawyers for two of those detainees, an Algerian and a Moroccan, mounted last-ditch court challenges seeking their repatriation but the Justice Department objected. ",1
6197,Tensions rise at North Dakota pipeline as Trump set to take White House,"CANNON BALL, N.D. (Reuters) - Tensions have increased this week near the construction site of the Dakota Access pipeline, with repeated clashes between protesters and police ahead of Friday’s inauguration of President-elect Donald Trump, an unabashed fan of the $3.8 billion project. Police used tear gas and fired bean-bag rounds to disperse crowds, and have arrested nearly 40 people since Monday, many of them on a bridge that has been the site of frequent confrontations, law enforcement officials said. Demonstrators at the shrinking protest camp have voiced desperation and declining morale, citing weaker support from the local Standing Rock Sioux tribe that launched the effort last year and the backing that Trump, a Republican, will provide the pipeline once he takes office on Friday.  “It’s closing in on the inauguration, and people want to make sure that their voices are heard while they still have a chance,” said Benjamin Johansen, 29, a carpenter from Iowa who has been at the camp for two months. “There’s a very real possibility that once the new president is inaugurated, our voices won’t matter.” This week’s clashes between protesters and police are the most serious since the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers denied an easement in December for the pipeline to travel under Lake Oahe.  Native Americans and environmental activists have said that the pipeline threatens water resources and sacred lands.  Members of the Standing Rock Sioux, whose reservation is near the pipeline, asked protesters to disperse following the Corps’ decision, but around 600 remain in the main camp, now called Oceti Oyate.  The tribe is asking that the camp be evacuated by Jan. 29, and is offering an alternate site on reservation land that avoids any risk of flooding. Tribal leaders and North Dakota Governor Doug Burgum have warned about potential flooding at the protest site in early March. The call for the protest to end has left those still on site in a darker mood, said Amanda Moore, 20, an activist with Black Lives Matter.  “We’re stressed with Donald Trump’s inauguration coming so soon, and feeling that we have to stop the pipeline now,” she said.  Protesters and law enforcement faced off early Thursday morning on Backwater Bridge for the third straight night, with demonstrators throwing snowballs at officers and climbing onto a barricade before being pushed back.  Law enforcement fired a volley of bean bags and sponges at protesters at around 2 a.m., sending protesters fleeing from the ice- and snow-covered bridge, according to a Reuters witness. Police said they also used pepper spray.  The skirmish came as the Army began the process of launching an environmental study of the pipeline.  At least one protester was taken to the hospital, the Morton County Sheriff’s Department said in a statement. Since Monday, 37 have been arrested, adding up to 624 since August.   “They come and say they want to pray and want us to fall back, then they get aggressive and try and flank our officers and get behind us,” Maxine Herr, a spokeswoman for the sheriff’s department said. “What they say and what they do are two different things.” Both Herr and protesters conceded that communication between the two sides had deteriorated in past months. Kalisa Wight Rock, a volunteers from Georgia working as a medic, said focus shifting away from the protest had left some feeling abandoned after the widespread attention the opposition to the pipeline garnered last year.  “A lot of people think this is over and that we’re not still here,” he said. ",1
6198,"As Trump emissary to Congress, Mike Pence faces potential obstacle - his boss","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Shortly after Donald Trump won the U.S. presidential election in November, Vice President-elect Mike Pence visited the country’s largest manufacturing lobby group, six blocks from the White House, to brainstorm about Trump’s legislative agenda. The conversation at the National Association of Manufacturers was friendly, with a lot of “give and take,” said Aric Newhouse, NAM’s senior vice president of government relations. The business group felt Pence spoke their language and that it would be full-steam ahead on long-sought goals such as simplifying the tax code and repealing Obamacare, President Barack Obama’s signature legislation that aimed to extend health insurance to cover more Americans. But over the past week, Trump has sown confusion about some of his legislative aims. He criticized a key element of his Republican Party’s tax plan, known as the border adjustment tax. He also seemed to muddy the waters on his promise of repealing Obamacare by calling for healthcare insurance for all. While NAM was not unduly alarmed, the episode highlights the challenge facing Pence, 57, who will serve as chief emissary to Capitol Hill for Trump after the New York businessman is sworn in as the 45th U.S. president on Friday. Pence spent a dozen years as a congressman beginning in 2001, forging a number of personal relationships, especially with conservatives. While he does not have a reputation on the Hill as a deal-maker, lawmakers, Hill aides and lobbyists describe him as affable and a good communicator who is respectful in his dealings with both friend and foe.  But the NAM experience shows that Pence’s biggest obstacle in striking deals in Congress may be Trump himself. That’s because people negotiating with Pence may not always know if he speaks for his boss. Pence and Trump are a study in contrasts. Where Trump is combative and chases the limelight, Pence, most recently governor of Indiana, is even-keeled and calm, a man described by Republicans and Democrats as articulate and upbeat. Few vice presidents in modern U.S. history have occupied the central role in legislative affairs that Pence will have. Former Vice President Dick Cheney cut deals and cajoled lawmakers for President George W. Bush, but Pence’s assignment may be broader. In Trump’s first 100 days in office, Pence will be “leading the charge” on a number of initiatives in Congress, such as rewriting Obamacare and overhauling the tax code, senior Trump  adviser Kellyanne Conway told Reuters. “He has the assurance and the green light to do so from President Trump,” Conway said. “He is a major part of every serious conversation and important decision that is made, especially when it comes to the legislative agenda,” she said. While Pence certainly appears to be part of Trump’s inner circle, it’s far from clear who is closest to the new president, or whether they will tend to agree with Pence. Even though Republicans control both chambers of Congress, Pence will need plenty of political finesse to rally the party’s sometimes unruly rank-and-file lawmakers behind Trump’s agenda, once it is more fully fleshed out. From the conservative Tea Party faction to the moderate Republicans, the party remains divided. Many Republicans differ with Trump on issues such as free trade and worry he might be too willing to spend money that could increase budget deficits. In his home state of Indiana during the 1990s, Pence honed his communication skills as a talk radio host. But his low-key style stood in stark contrast to many conservative radio hosts. He has called himself “Rush Limbaugh on decaf,” referring to the influential right-wing talk show host famous for his flame-throwing statements.  Pence, who was raised Catholic and later became an evangelical Christian, would sometimes host Bible studies in his office in the House of Representatives. Texas Representative John Carter attended those meetings and recalled that Pence “had a little setup of a radio station” there in a reminder of his former career. During Republican President George W. Bush’s administration, Pence firmly established himself as a fiscal hawk. He resisted initiatives that he viewed as government overreach, including the 2002 “No Child Left Behind” education reform that emphasized standardized testing as a way of gauging how well schools were doing in raising student performance. Pence’s staunch opposition to big government made him one of the “forerunners” to what later became the Tea Party, said Michael Steel, a former spokesman for House Speaker Paul Ryan’s predecessor, John Boehner. Republican Senator Jeff Flake, who served in the House with Pence during the 2000s, said the two of them fashioned themselves as self-appointed fiscal watchdogs. They kept a close eye on late-night sessions where other lawmakers would seek to get more government spending approved without anyone noticing. “Mike and I would have to wait up all night and rush to the (House) floor and burst through the doors” to object to those measures, Flake recounted in an interview. “Somebody said at one point when we burst through it looked like the saloon doors in ‘Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid,’” Flake said, referring to the 1969 film about the two Wild West outlaws. Representative Jim Jordan of Ohio, a leading conservative voice, said Pence has been a role model for other Republicans on how to advance conservative principles without being hard-edged.     “I always remember the line Pence had: ‘I’m a conservative and I’m not mad about it’ ... It’s a line I’ve used many times, saying that Mike Pence always used to say that,” Jordan said. Pence calls Speaker Ryan, who has struggled with staunch conservatives in his caucus, a close friend. Their ties may help to smooth over some of the tensions that arose between Ryan and Trump during the 2016 campaign.  Cultivating Republicans won’t be Pence’s only job. If Republicans in the House of Representatives can rally around Trump’s agenda, Democrats will have few tools to block them. But in the Senate, Democrats can use procedural moves to stop legislation that does not otherwise have support from 60 senators. Republicans control 52 votes in the 100-member chamber. Pence’s smooth demeanor will go only so far given his ideological gulf with congressional Democrats. He has raised the ire of Democrats with his outspoken stance against abortion, his work against gay rights, his opposition to measures aimed at women’s pay equity in the workplace and his determination to repeal Obamacare.  Republican Senator Roy Blunt of Missouri, who was part of the House Republican leadership during the mid-2000s, said he expected Pence would stick to his conservative principles, even if they clashed with Trump’s. “I don’t think he’d be very effective arguing against his own feelings,” Blunt said. “But I think he’d be smart enough to go to the president and say, ‘I can be supportive of this because you are the president and I am the vice president, but I am not going to be a good salesman’” on that particular issue. ",1
6199,"Mexico says top U.S., Mexican officials to meet in Washington next week","MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Senior Mexican officials will hold meetings on January 25 and 26 with U.S. President-Elect Donald Trump’s top aides in Washington, to discuss bilateral relations such as security, trade and migration, the government said on Thursday.  In a statement, the foreign ministry said Mexican Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray and Economy Minister Ildefonso Guajardo would attend talks with chief-of-staff Reince Priebus, Trump’s son-in-law and advisor Jared Kushner, among others. The meetings will also be attended by Steve Bannon, Trump’s chief strategist, Gary Cohn, who heads the White House National Economic Council, trade advisor Peter Navarro, and national security advisor Michael Flynn, the statement said. Trump has sent Mexico’s peso to record lows, threatening to tax Mexican-made products for the U.S market, build a wall along the southern border, and scrap a free trade agreement with Mexico if he cannot renegotiate it to favor American interests. ",1
6200,Trump to visit CIA headquarters on Saturday: transition official,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Donald Trump plans to visit CIA headquarters on Saturday on his first full day as U.S. president, as he takes command of an agency that he has harshly criticized, a transition official said on Thursday. The visit to Central Intelligence Agency headquarters in Langley, Virginia, in the Washington suburbs, has a symbolic element, since Trump had questioned the CIA’s conclusion that Russia was involved in cyber hacking that interfered with the U.S. election. A senior U.S. intelligence official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said the purpose of Trump’s visit to the CIA’s sprawling campus was to swear in U.S. Representative Mike Pompeo, a Kansas Republican, as the spy agency’s new chief. However, that plan, will depend on whether Pompeo receives Senate confirmation by then, and it was uncertain whether the Senate would act in time. The Senate’s Democratic leader, Chuck Schumer of New York, said that “there are a good number of members” who want to make statements about Pompeo or ask him questions, and he predicted a vote on Monday if it did not take place Friday. Trump has since accepted the verdict of Russia’s involvement. But he raised hackles among intelligence professionals earlier this month when he accused them of leaks that led some U.S. media outlets to report unsubstantiated claims that Russia had collected compromising information about him. Trump had accused U.S. intelligence agencies of engaging in tactics reminiscent of Nazi Germany. After that blast, outgoing CIA Director John Brennan fired back on “Fox News Sunday,” saying Trump “has to be mindful that he does not have a full appreciation and understanding of what the implications are of going down that road.” ",1
6201,Trump's energy pick Perry softens stance on climate change,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Rick Perry, President-elect Donald Trump’s pick to run the U.S. Energy Department, said during a Senate confirmation hearing on Thursday that global warming caused by humans is real, but that efforts to combat it should not cost American jobs. The comment marks a shift for the former Texas governor, who had previously called the science behind climate change “unsettled” and a “contrived, phony mess.” It also clashes with Trump’s statements during his campaign for the White House that global warming is a hoax meant to weaken U.S. business. “I believe the climate is changing. I believe some of it is naturally occurring, but some of it is also caused by man-made activity. The question is how do we address it in a thoughtful way that doesn’t compromise economic growth, the affordability of energy or American jobs,” Perry said. Perry’s 3-1/2-hour hearing before the Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources was one of the shortest and least contentious in a long list of sessions to vet Trump Cabinet nominees since last week. The committee has not yet scheduled its vote on Perry’s nomination. As energy secretary, Perry, 66, would oversee a substantial chunk of Trump’s energy portfolio. He would lead a vast scientific research operation credited with helping trigger a U.S. drilling boom and advancements in energy efficiency and renewable energy technology, and would also be in charge of maintaining the United States’ nuclear weapons arsenal. Trump, who will be sworn in as president on Friday, has promised to bolster the U.S. oil, gas and coal industries, in part by undoing federal regulations curbing carbon dioxide emissions. He has also suggested pulling America out of a global climate change pact signed in Paris in 2015, calling it expensive for U.S. industry.  He sees Perry, who was governor of Texas from 2000 to 2015 and whose nomination has the support of the energy sector, as someone who can help usher in jobs growth. Perry added during his hearing that he regrets having previously called for the department’s elimination - a proposal he made during his failed bid for the Republican presidential nomination in 2012. That proposal, which has become known as his “oops” moment, came during a presidential candidate debate when he could not initially remember all of the three Cabinet-level departments he wanted to eliminate: Commerce, Education and Energy. “After being briefed on so many of the vital functions of the Department of Energy, I regret recommending its elimination,” he said in his opening remarks. Democrats on the committee expressed worry that Perry would weaken the Energy Department’s functions and potentially target its army of scientists focused on climate research. Perry sought to assuage them. “I am going to protect the men and women of the scientific community from anyone who would attack them,” he said in response to a question from Democratic Senator Maria Cantwell of Washington state about whether he would cut the department’s climate science budget. When pressed on whether there would be budget or staff cuts to key research programs at the department, Perry said: “I will be an advocate (for the programs) ... but I’m not sure I’m going to be 1,000 percent successful.” He distanced himself from a questionnaire the Trump transition team sent to the department in December demanding names and publications of employees who had worked on climate issues. After an uproar by critics who said it amounted to a witch hunt, the team disavowed the survey.    “I didn’t approve it. I don’t approve of it. I don’t need that information,” Perry said. Perry said much of his focus running the department would be on renewing the U.S. nuclear weapons arsenal. More than half of the department’s $32.5 billion budget goes to maintaining nuclear weapons and cleaning up nuclear waste.   “As a former Air Force pilot during the days of the Cold War, I understand the deterrent value of our nuclear weapons systems, and the vital role they play in keeping the peace,” he said. Perry said he was generally supportive of a state’s right to block the siting of nuclear waste dumps, like Yucca Mountain in Nevada, but fell short of ruling out the federal government’s power to impose them over state objections in some cases. Nuclear waste disposal is one of the top hurdles to growth in the U.S. nuclear power industry.  Department leadership under Perry would represent a pivot from being run by learned scientists to a person who is known for close ties to energy interests.  The current energy secretary, Ernest Moniz, is a nuclear physicist who led technical negotiations in the 2015 Iran nuclear deal, while the previous head, Steven Chu, is a Nobel Prize-winning physicist.    Perry recently resigned from the board of directors of Energy Transfer Partners LP, the company building the Dakota Access Pipeline opposed by Native Americans and environmentalists. ",1
6202,Trump picks southerner over Midwest candidate for Agriculture,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump officially announced Sonny Perdue as his choice for secretary of agriculture on Thursday, selecting a former Georgia governor over candidates from the Midwest states that dominate U.S. agricultural exports. Perdue, who was on Trump’s agricultural advisory committee during his presidential campaign, has yet to be confirmed in the post by the Republican-led Senate. He was elected to two terms as governor of Georgia, a leading producer of cotton and peanuts, serving from 2003 to 2011. Before that, he was a state senator, representing a rural swath of the state about 100 miles (160 km) south of Atlanta. “From growing up on a farm to being governor of a big agriculture state, he has spent his whole life understanding and solving the challenges our farmers face,” Trump said in a statement. Trump takes office on Friday. At least one Midwestern Senator raised questions about Perdue’s preparedness. Senator Chuck Grassley, a Republican from the top corn and soybean state of Iowa, tweeted: “I’m interested in how MidWest Ag will hv a seat at the table.” Key issues facing the agricultural community include trade and immigration. Georgia accounted for just 2 percent of total U.S. agriculture exports in 2015. Ranking 15th among all states in the value of its agricultural production, it generated $9.122 billion in commodity receipts, according to USDA data. Iowa ranked second with $27.674 billion. California is top, with $47.008 billion. Perdue acknowledged the concerns in an email to Trump’s agricultural advisory committee. “While I know some may be disappointed over regional or geographical concerns, I promise each of you I will diligently apply myself to learn all I can regarding the needs and challenges in this vast, wonderful industry we call American Agriculture, or nature’s factories,” Perdue said in a email to the advisory committee. Grassley, whose Midwest state helped deliver Trump the presidency, stressed in a statement the need for the secretary to understand farming in the Midwest, “the strength of American agriculture.” Trade is seen as critical to reviving a moribund farm economy, where incomes have been falling with lower grain prices. Farm incomes in 2016 are expected to have hit their lowest levels since 2009. Agriculture relies heavily on seasonal and casual labor and farmers are concerned tough immigration rules could make it harder to find workers while raising costs. Trump has raised tensions on immigration with his pledge to build a wall at the Mexican-U.S. border. Four of the past five agriculture secretaries have come from Midwest states. Perdue, if he is confirmed, would be the first from a southern state since Mike Espy, who was from Mississippi and served from January 1993 to December 1994.  Perdue, who holds a doctorate in veterinary medicine and served in the U.S. Air Force, founded a grain and fertilizer business in Georgia. “I’m going to champion the concerns of American agriculture and work tirelessly to solve the issues facing our farm families in this new role,” he said in a statement. Perdue’s cousin David Perdue is serving his first term representing Georgia in the U.S. Senate. The nominee is not related to the late chicken magnate Frank Perdue. ",1
6203,China's future actions could warrant forex manipulator label: Treasury nominee,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Treasury would recommend China be considered a currency manipulator if Beijing began unfairly managing the yuan’s value, President-elect Donald Trump’s nominee to run the Treasury department, Steven Mnuchin, said on Thursday. Asked in a U.S. Senate hearing if he would recommend Trump formally designate China a currency manipulator if it started manipulating its currency again, Mnuchin said: “I would.” ",1
6204,Israel's right wing has grand plans for Trump era,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel’s right wing has been eagerly awaiting Donald Trump’s arrival in the White House, hoping a Republican president will usher in a new era of support for Israeli settlement-building on land Palestinians want for a state. The far-right Jewish Home party, along with members of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s Likud party, is promoting legislation that would effectively annex one large settlement in the occupied West Bank to Israel and another bill that would legalize dozens of unauthorized outposts. But there could be a question mark over the issue, with Netanyahu possibly looking to curb settlement laws, wary of the dangers of the far right’s ambitions being too freely unleashed as he feels his way forward with the new U.S. administration.  The Israeli leader’s spokesman declined to comment on Netanyahu’s position. In its final weeks, the Obama administration angered the Israeli government by withholding a traditional U.S. veto of an anti-settlement resolution at the United Nations Security Council, enabling the measure to pass. President Barack Obama on Wednesday said he was worried that the prospects for a two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict — the idea of Israel and Palestine living side-by-side in peace and security — were waning.  Israeli right wingers contrast Obama’s warnings with what they see as positive signals from Trump that indicate Washington’s attitude towards settlements in the West Bank and East Jerusalem, areas Israel captured in a 1967 war, is about to change. Trump’s nominee to be U.S. ambassador to the United Nations,  Nikki Haley, echoed his condemnation of the world body over its treatment of Israel at her Senate confirmation hearing on Wednesday. Trump, who has said he wants to meet Netanyahu “at the first opportunity”, has pledged to move the U.S. embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. In his remarks on Wednesday, Obama cautioned against “sudden unilateral moves” that could be “explosive”. Israel regards all of Jerusalem as its capital but most of the world does not, seeing its final status as a matter for peace negotiations that have been frozen since 2014. In a move that has emboldened Israeli right wingers, the president-elect has already appointed a new U.S. ambassador to Israel, David Friedman, who is considered far right on issues, including settlement building. Naftali Bennett, leader of the Jewish Home, hopes that under  Trump’s administration the notion of establishing a Palestinian state will be abandoned. He wants to promote a bill extending Israeli sovereignty to Maale Adumim, a West Bank settlement of about 40,000 Israelis that lies just to the east of Jerusalem.  That would in effect mean Israel annexing some of the land it has occupied for almost 50 years. “It’s either (Israeli) sovereignty or Palestine,” Bennett told Army Radio this month. “The question is not what will Trump do but what will Israel ask for. What will Israel present as its vision. We are in the money-time now for forming this vision.” But Professor Itamar Rabinovich, a former Israeli ambassador to the United States, believes the right wing may be getting ahead of itself and its ambitions could backfire.  “In reality, where the United States needs to live not just with us but also with the Arab and Muslim world, supporting extremist measures in Israel could turn out to be something the United States cannot live with,” Rabinovich said. Bennett ultimately advocates the annexation of most of the West Bank, leaving just the major Palestinian towns and cities in Palestinian hands. But first he is testing the water with the annexation bill, entitled “Sovereignty in Maale Adumim First”. It is due for a first discussion in a ministerial committee on Sunday, two of its drafters said. “I believe this is the gift that the people of Israel deserve in the run-up to Trump’s inauguration,” Bennett’s fellow party member, Betzalel Smotrich, told parliament on Tuesday. A spokesman for Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas said annexation was a red line. “Any such Israeli decision will be considered a dangerous escalation that would end any possible hope for peace,” Nabil Abu Rdainah told Reuters. Late last year, a separate bill that would retroactively legalize settlement outposts built on privately-owned Palestinian land in the West Bank passed the first of three votes in parliament required to make it law. No dates have been set for final approval, and it has since disappeared from the agenda. Asked about the delay, a source in Netanyahu’s office said: “He wants to freeze the outpost bill.” Asked about the law, a legislative source said: “It’s stuck in committee. There will be attempts to bring it back on the agenda after Jan. 20, but I think it is pretty much buried at this point,” he said, referring to the date of the inauguration. The legislation had drawn anger from the Palestinians and  international condemnation. Smotrich told Reuters that it will be brought to a second and third reading in February. “We were waiting for the end of the Obama age,” he said. A political source close to Netanyahu said that with regard to the proposed Maale Adumim annexation, the prime minister may say he wishes to hold off until after he meets Trump. Tzachi Hanegbi, a Likud minister and Netanyahu confidant, said Netanyahu understood that such steps would further isolate Israel. Most countries regard Israeli settlements as illegal, a view that Israel disputes. “He does not want to shake the entire world and put Israel at the center of contention, isolation and criticism,” Hanegbi told Army Radio. “I hope the government will not let itself be dragged after Jewish Home’s agenda.”  At the same time, Netanyahu is competing with Jewish Home for right-wing, pro-settlement voters. He may disagree with the party’s approach, but he can’t ignore it.     “If the (annexation) bill comes up, Likud ministers will support it. They can do nothing else,” the source said. ",1
6205,Under Secretary of State Shannon meets Tillerson: U.S. official,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs Tom Shannon met with U.S. President-elect Donald Trump’s Secretary of State nominee Rex Tillerson on Thursday, a senior State Department official said. The brief meeting took place at the Washington transition offices just hours before U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry is set to step down and depart the State Department. Earlier Thursday, Trump’s spokesman said Shannon was asked to stay on, at least temporarily. The Senate Foreign Relations Committee is expected to vote as soon as Monday to approve Tillerson as new secretary of state. (This story corrects to say Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs Tom Shannon, not U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry, met with Tillerson) ",1
6206,Trump taps NFL owner Woody Johnson as ambassador to UK,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump said on Thursday that National Football League team owner Woody Johnson was “going to St. James,” indicating he would assume the plum diplomatic post of  U.S. ambassador to the United Kingdom. Trump referred to Johnson, owner of the New York Jets, as “ambassador” during remarks at a luncheon in Washington honoring supporters on the eve of his swearing in as the 45th U.S. president. ",1
6207,Treasury nominee Mnuchin says long-term dollar strength important,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury Secretary nominee Steven Mnuchin said on Thursday it was important to maintain a strong dollar in the long term, adding that President-elect Donald Trump’s recent comments that the currency was too strong were focused on short-term impacts. “When the president-elect made a comment on the U.S. currency, it wasn’t meant to be a long-term comment,” Mnuchin said in a confirmation hearing before the Senate Finance Committee. Mnuchin, a Wall Street veteran, added that Trump’s comments that the dollar was too strong were focused on short-term market factors that had pushed the greenback higher, hurting U.S. exports. “The long-term strength over long periods of time is important” for the dollar, Mnuchin said. ",1
6208,U.S. Treasury nominee says would enforce all Russia sanctions,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Treasury will enforce all sanctions against Russia unless a deal were reached between Washington and Moscow, President-elect Donald Trump’s nominee to run the department said on Thursday. Asked during a Senate confirmation hearing if he was committed to enforcing existing sanctions against Russia, Treasury Secretary nominee Steven Mnuchin said: “100 percent so. And I think the president-elect has made it very clear that he would only change those sanctions if he got a better deal and we got something in return whether it was on nuclear arms or other areas.”  ",1
6209,"Trump to keep 50 critical federal employees, including at Pentagon, State","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump has asked 50 government employees in critical posts to stay on in his administration, including Deputy Defense Secretary Robert Work and Brett McGurk, the U.S. envoy for countering Islamic State, a spokesman said on Thursday. Drug Enforcement Administration Administrator Chuck Rosenberg, National Counterterrorism Center Director Nick Rasmussen, Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs Tom Shannon and Adam Szubin, acting under secretary for terrorism and financial intelligence for the Treasury Department are also among them, Trump spokesman Sean Spicer said at a news briefing. ",1
6210,Factbox: Trump finishes filling top jobs for his administration,"(Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump formally named former Georgia Governor Sonny Perdue as his nominee for secretary of agriculture on Thursday, officially completing the selection of his Cabinet, his transition team said in a statement. Here is a list of Republican Trump’s selections for top jobs in his administration.  NOTE: Senate confirmation is required for all the posts except national security adviser and White House posts. Tillerson, 64, has spent his entire career at Exxon Mobil Corp, where he rose to chairman and chief executive officer in 2006. A civil engineer by training, the Texan joined the world’s largest publicly traded energy company in 1975 and led several of its operations in the United States as well as in Yemen, Thailand and Russia. As Exxon’s chief executive, he maintained close ties with Moscow and opposed U.S. sanctions against Russia for its incursion into Crimea. Mnuchin, 54, is a successful private equity investor, hedge fund manager and Hollywood financier who spent 17 years at Goldman Sachs Group Inc before leaving the investment bank in 2002. He assembled an investor group to buy a failed California mortgage lender in 2009, rebranded it as OneWest Bank and built it into Southern California’s largest bank. Housing advocacy groups criticized OneWest for its foreclosure practices, accusing it of being too quick to foreclose on struggling homeowners. Mattis is a retired Marine general known for his tough talk, distrust of Iran and battlefield experience in Iraq and Afghanistan. A former leader of Central Command, which oversees U.S. military operations in the Middle East and South Asia, Mattis, 66, is known by many U.S. forces by his nickname, “Mad Dog.” He was rebuked in 2005 for saying: “It’s fun to shoot some people.” Sessions, 70, was the first U.S. senator to endorse Trump’s presidential bid and has been a close ally since. Son of a country store owner, the lawmaker from Alabama and former federal prosecutor has long taken a tough stance on illegal immigration, opposing any path to citizenship for undocumented immigrants. Coats, 73, served as U.S. senator from Indiana from 1989 to 1999 and again from 2011 to 2017, and was U.S. ambassador to Germany from 2001 to 2005. He previously served as U.S. representative from Indiana’s 4th Congressional District. Zinke, 55, a first-term Republican U.S. representative from Montana and a member of the House subcommittee on natural resources, has voted for legislation that would weaken environmental safeguards on public lands. He has taken stances favoring the coal industry, which suffered during the Obama administration. The League of Conservation Voters, which ranks lawmakers on their environmental record, gave Zinke an extremely low lifetime score of 3 percent. Ross, 79, heads the private equity firm WL Ross & Co. Forbes has pegged his net worth at about $2.9 billion. A staunch supporter of Trump, Ross helped shape the Trump campaign’s views on trade policy. He blames massive U.S. factory job losses on the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) with Canada and Mexico, which went into force in 1994, and the 2001 entry of China into the World Trade Organization.      Lighthizer, 69, served as deputy U.S. trade representative during the Reagan administration in the 1980s and has since spent nearly three decades as a lawyer representing U.S. companies in anti-dumping and anti-subsidy cases, currently with the law firm Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher and Flom. A harsh critic of China’s trade practices, Lighthizer in 2010 told Congress that U.S. policymakers should take a more aggressive approach in dealing with the Asian country. Puzder, chief executive officer of CKE Restaurants Inc [APOLOT.UL], which runs the Carl’s Jr. and Hardee’s fast-food chains, has been a vociferous critic of government regulation of the workplace and the National Labor Relations Board. Puzder, 66, has argued that higher minimum wages would hurt workers by forcing restaurants to close and praises the benefits of automation, so his appointment is likely to antagonize organized labor.  U.S. Representative Price, 62, is an orthopedic surgeon who heads the House Budget Committee. A representative from Georgia since 2005, Price has criticized Obamacare and has championed a plan of tax credits, expanded health savings accounts and lawsuit reforms to replace it. He is against abortion. Former Georgia Governor Perdue, 70, served on Trump’s agricultural advisory committee during the campaign. Perdue, a Republican, was elected to two terms as governor, serving from 2003 to 2011. Before that, he served in the state Senate representing a rural swath of the state about 100 miles (160 km) south of Atlanta. After finishing his second term as governor, Perdue founded Perdue Partners, a global trading firm that consults and provides services for companies looking to export products. Shulkin, 57, currently is under secretary for health at the Department of Veterans Affairs, putting him in charge of the country’s largest healthcare system. Shulkin, a physician, was chosen by Democratic President Barack Obama for the under secretary post in 2015. He has spearheaded an effort to cut waiting times for care at VA medical centers. Trump promised during the campaign to improve medical care for veterans. Shulkin would be the first VA secretary who had not served in the military. Carson, 65, is a retired neurosurgeon who dropped out of the Republican presidential nominating race in March and threw his support to Trump. A popular writer and speaker in conservative circles, Carson had been reluctant to take a position in the incoming administration because of his lack of experience in the federal government. He is the first African-American picked for a Cabinet spot by Trump. Chao, 63, was labor secretary under President George W. Bush for eight years and the first Asian-American woman to hold a Cabinet position. She is a director at Ingersoll Rand Plc, News Corp and Vulcan Materials Co. She is married to U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, a Republican from Kentucky. Perry, 66, is an addition to the list of oil drilling advocates skeptical about climate change who have been picked for senior positions in Trump’s Cabinet. The selections have worried environmentalists but cheered an oil and gas industry eager for expansion. Perry, who ran unsuccessfully for the 2012 Republican presidential nomination and also briefly ran for president in 2016, would be responsible for U.S. energy policy and oversee the nation’s nuclear weapons program.  DeVos, 59, is a billionaire Republican donor, a former chair of the Michigan Republican Party and an advocate for the privatization of education. As chair of the American Federation for Children, she has pushed at the state level for vouchers that families can use to send their children to private schools and for expansion of charter schools. The final leadership role of Kelly’s 45-year military career was head of the U.S. Southern Command, responsible for U.S. military activities and relationships in Latin America and the Caribbean. The 66-year-old retired Marine general differed with Obama on key issues and has warned of vulnerabilities along the United States’ southern border with Mexico. Priebus recently was re-elected to serve as Republican National Committee chairman but will give up that job to join Trump in the White House, where the low-key Washington operative could help forge ties with Congress to advance Trump’s agenda. Priebus, 44, was a steadfast supporter of Trump during the presidential campaign even as the party fractured amid the choice. ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY ADMINISTRATOR: SCOTT PRUITT An ardent opponent of Obama’s measures to stem climate change, Oklahoma Attorney General Pruitt, 48, has enraged environmental activists. But he fits in with the president-elect’s promise to cut the agency back and eliminate regulation that he says is stifling oil and gas drilling. Pruitt became the top state prosecutor for Oklahoma, which has extensive oil reserves, in 2011 and has challenged the EPA multiple times since. U.S. Representative Mick Mulvaney, 49, a South Carolina Republican, is a fiscal conservative. He was an outspoken critic of former House of Representatives Speaker John Boehner, who resigned in 2015 amid opposition from fellow Republicans who were members of the House Freedom Caucus. Mulvaney was first elected to Congress in 2010. Haley, 44, has been the Republican governor of South Carolina since 2011 and has little experience in foreign policy or the federal government. The daughter of Indian immigrants, she led a successful push last year to remove the Confederate battle flag from the grounds of the South Carolina state capitol after the killing of nine black churchgoers in Charleston by a white gunman. McMahon, 68, is a co-founder and former chief executive of the professional wrestling franchise WWE, which is based in Stamford, Connecticut. She ran unsuccessfully as a Republican for a U.S. Senate seat in Connecticut in 2010 and 2012 and was an early supporter of Trump’s presidential campaign. U.S. Representative Pompeo, 53, is a third-term congressman from Kansas who serves on the House of Representatives Intelligence Committee, which oversees the CIA, National Security Agency and cyber security. A retired Army officer and Harvard Law School graduate, Pompeo supports the U.S. government’s sweeping collection of Americans’ communications data and wants to scrap the nuclear deal with Iran. Walter “Jay” Clayton is a New York-based attorney who advises clients on major Wall Street deals, specializing in public and private mergers and acquisitions and capital-raising efforts. His past clients have included Alibaba Group Holding Company, Oaktree Capital Group and big banks.    Retired Lieutenant General Flynn, 58, was an early Trump supporter and serves as vice chairman on his transition team. He began his Army career in 1981 and was deployed in Afghanistan and Iraq. Flynn became head of the Defense Intelligence Agency in 2012 under Obama but retired a year earlier than expected, according to media reports, and became a fierce critic of Obama’s foreign policy. Tom Bossert, 41, who worked as deputy homeland security adviser to former President George W. Bush, will serve as the assistant to the president for homeland security and counterterrorism. He currently runs a risk management consulting firm and has a cyber risk fellowship with the Atlantic Council think tank in Washington. Cohn, 56, president and chief operating officer of Goldman Sachs, had widely been considered heir apparent to Lloyd Blankfein, CEO of the Wall Street firm. Trump hammered Goldman and Blankfein during the presidential campaign, releasing a television ad that called Blankfein part of a “global power structure” that had robbed America’s working class. Navarro, 67, has suggested a stepped-up engagement with Taiwan, including assistance with a submarine development program. A professor at the University of California, Irvine, who advised Trump during the campaign, Navarro argued that Washington should stop referring to the “one China” policy, but stopped short of suggesting it should recognize Taipei: “There is no need to unnecessarily poke the Panda.” Viola, 60, is a graduate of the U.S. Military Academy at West Point and a U.S. Army veteran who served in the famed 101st Airborne Division. He founded high-frequency trading firm Virtu Financial Inc and served as chairman of the New York Mercantile Exchange, where he began his financial services career. After the Sept. 11, 2001, al Qaeda attacks on New York and Washington, Viola helped found the Combating Terrorism Center at West Point. He is an owner of the Florida Panthers ice hockey team. CHIEF WHITE HOUSE STRATEGIST, SENIOR COUNSELOR: STEVE BANNON The former head of the conservative website Breitbart News came aboard as Trump’s campaign chairman in August. A rabble-rousing conservative media figure, he helped shift Breitbart into a forum for the alt-right, a loose confederation of those who reject mainstream politics and includes neo-Nazis, white supremacists and anti-Semites. His hiring signals Trump’s dedication to operating outside the norms of Washington. As White House chief of staff, Bannon, 63, will serve as Trump’s gatekeeper and agenda-setter. ",1
6211,Trump spokesman says of possibility of U.S. Embassy in Jerusalem: 'Stay tuned',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump’s spokesman said on Thursday there will be an announcement on whether the United States will move its embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. “Stay tuned,” incoming White House spokesman Sean Spicer told reporters, asked about the issue at a briefing the day before Trump takes office. “There’ll be a further announcement on that.” While campaigning for the presidency, Trump pledged to switch the embassy from Tel Aviv, where it has been located for 68 years, to Jerusalem. The proposal drew an outcry from Palestinians and others who said it would kill any prospect for peace. Palestinians view East Jerusalem as the capital of a future state and the status of the city is one of the most sensitive issues in the Israel-Palestinian dispute. The United States and other countries do not regard Jerusalem as Israel’s capital. Other nations’ embassies are located in Tel Aviv and do not recognize Israel’s annexation of Arab East Jerusalem following its capture in the 1967 Middle East war. Trump has criticized the Obama administration as not being friendly enough to the longtime U.S. ally.  The Obama administration has been highly critical of Israeli settlement construction in the occupied West Bank and East Jerusalem. Most countries view all Israeli settlements on occupied land that the Palestinians seek for their own state as illegal. “The president (Trump) has made it very clear that Israel has not gotten the attention it deserves or the respect in the last eight years. He intends to really show his respect for Israel, the importance of it in the Middle East,” Spicer said. ",1
6212,Trump spokesman accuses Democratic Senate leader of 'stalling tactics',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A spokesman for President-elect Donald Trump accused Democratic Senate leader Chuck Schumer on Thursday of “stalling tactics” for slowing confirmation of the incoming Republican president’s Cabinet picks. Schumer should recognize that “this is more about continuity of government and ensuring that these qualified individuals get voted on as soon as possible so that we can lead this country forward,” spokesman Sean Spicer said at a news briefing. ",1
6213,Tax policy expert eyed for senior White House economic post: CNBC,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Kevin Hassett, an economist at the American Enterprise Institute with an expertise in fiscal policy, is being eyed as a potential chairman of the White House Council of Economic Advisers under President-elect Donald Trump, CNBC said on Twitter on Thursday. Citing a Trump team official, the financial cable channel said Hassett was “on a long short list.” ",1
6214,Obama hopes for quiet after White House but will defend 'core values',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - He is ready for some quiet time, plans to do some writing and intends to give his successor space to govern, at least on most issues. President Barack Obama gave some insight into his vision for life after the White House during a final news conference on Wednesday in which he praised the role of a free press and shared personal reflections on how his daughters had dealt with the results of the 2016 election. Obama and his family will leave for Palm Springs, California, on Friday after the inauguration of Republican Donald Trump as the 45th president of the United States. “I want to be quiet a little bit and not hear myself talk so darn much,” said Obama, 55, who wants to write a book during his first year out of office and spend time with his family. Obama, a Democrat who made history in 2008 when he was elected America’s first black president, has said repeatedly he appreciated the example set by his predecessor, Republican George W. Bush, who steadfastly refrained from weighing in publicly with his views after leaving the Oval Office. But Obama made clear there were some issues on which he would not hesitate to speak out - issues “where I think our core values may be at stake,” like new obstacles to voting, “institutional efforts to silence dissent or the press” and any push to deport undocumented people who were brought to America as children. In 2012, Obama said his administration would allow people brought to the United States illegally by their parents to remain in the country on temporary authorizations that allow them to attend college and work - one of the executive actions on immigration that Trump has pledged to undo. “The notion that we would just arbitrarily or because of politics punish those kids, when they didn’t do anything wrong themselves, I think would be something that would merit me speaking out,” Obama said. The Obamas will live in Washington, where Sasha, 15, is finishing high school. Malia, 18, has been accepted to Harvard University but is taking a “gap year” break before starting this autumn. The president and his wife, Michelle Obama, campaigned hard for Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton last year. The first lady, in particular, made an impassioned case for Clinton, her husband’s first secretary of state, after a leaked recording showed Trump talking openly about groping women. Obama said his daughters did not “mope” or feel cynical after the loss. “They were disappointed. They paid attention to what their mom said during the campaign and believed it because it’s consistent with what we’ve tried to teach them in our household,” Obama said. “But what we’ve also tried to teach them is resilience, and we’ve tried to teach them hope, and that the only thing that is the end of the world is the end of the world.” Similarly, Obama has sought to reassure his staff and others about the election results, in keeping with his cool-headed, dispassionate style. “And so this is not just a matter of ‘No Drama Obama,’ this is what I really believe,” Obama said. “But at my core, I think we’re going to be OK.” ",1
6215,"Exclusive: Pentagon, Lockheed near deal on $9 billion F-35 contract - sources","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Department of Defense and Lockheed Martin Corp (LMT.N) are close to deal for a contract worth almost $9 billion as negotiations are poised to bring the price per F-35 below $100 million for the first time, people familiar with the talks said Wednesday.     The F-35, the Pentagon’s costliest arms program, has drawn fire from U.S. President-elect Donald Trump who has made lowering prices for military equipment a pillar of his transition into office.     Talks are still ongoing for the tenth batch of stealthy fighter jets with a deal for 90 planes expected to be announced by the end of the month, three people said on condition of anonymity. A Lockheed representative declined to comment and a representative for the fighter program said negotiations are ongoing. The U.S. Defense Department expects to spend $391 billion in the coming decades to develop and buy 2,443 of the supersonic warplanes. Though the F-35 program has been criticized by Trump as too expensive, the price per jet has already been declining. Lockheed, the prime contractor, and its partners have been working on building a more cost-effective supply chain to fuel the production line in Fort Worth, Texas.     The overtures from the incoming administration may have had some effect, but Lockheed’s F-35 program manager Jeff Babione said last summer that the price of the F-35A conventional takeoff and landing version of the jet would drop to under $100 million per plane in this contract for the 10th low-rate production batch.      The F-35 comes in three configurations, the A-model for the U.S. Air Force and U.S. allies; a F-35 B-model which can handle short takeoffs and vertical landings for the Marine Corps and the British navy; and carrier-variant F-35C jets for the U.S. Navy.      Lockheed and its main partners, including Northrop Grumman Corp (NOC.N), United Technologies Corp’s (UTX.N) Pratt & Whitney and BAE Systems Plc (BAES.L), have been developing and building F-35s for the U.S. military and 10 allies.     On Oct. 25 Lockheed, the world’s largest defense contractor, reported a quarterly profit that handily beat analysts’ expectations, as sales of its Sikorsky helicopters pushed total revenue up 14.8 percent. Lockheed is set to host its fourth-quarter earnings call on Tuesday.  ",1
6216,U.S. Commerce nominee Ross calls China 'most protectionist' country,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Billionaire investor Wilbur Ross, U.S. President-elect Donald Trump’s choice for commerce secretary, voiced sharp criticism of China’s trade practices on Wednesday, telling senators he would seek new ways of combating them. In his confirmation hearing, Ross also said that renegotiating the North American Free Trade agreement with Mexico and Canada would likely be the Trump administration’s first priority, calling it a “very, very early topic.” Ross, who made his fortune turning around troubled companies in steel, auto parts, textiles and other industries, called China the “most protectionist” country among large economies,  with high tariff and non-tariff barriers to imports. The 79-year-old billionaire vowed to level the playing field for U.S. companies competing with Chinese imports and those trying to do business in China. Chinese officials, he said, “talk much more about free trade than they actually practice. We would like to levelize that playing field and bring the realities a bit closer to the rhetoric.” His comments came a day after Chinese President Xi Jinping took the stage in Davos, Switzerland, to defend free trade and make the case for a greater global leadership role for Beijing, describing China’s economy as “wide open.” In Beijing, Chinese foreign ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said, “Under the current circumstances, who is sincerely and vigorously promoting the liberalization of trade and investment and who is engaged in trade protectionism? “I think it is clear to everyone. The answer is just the opposite to Mr Ross’,” she told a regular news briefing on Thursday.     Ross said state-owned enterprises in China were a particular problem that needed to be dealt with, charging that up to one-third have never made a profit and this has fueled overcapacity that has led to dumping of products such as steel and aluminum. “They’re being kept alive by state-owned banks. To me that looks and feels and tastes a lot like artificial subsidies,” he said, adding that the Commerce Department will be “very scrupulous” in identifying unfair subsidies that require countervailing duties. Ross did not specifically mention Trump’s threats to levy punitive tariffs on Chinese goods imported into the United States, but said countries that dump products below costs or fail to provide a fair trading field should be “severely punished.” He said he would pay particular attention to sectors in need of anti-dumping tariffs, including steel and aluminum. The Commerce Department may initiate some anti-dumping and anti-subsidy cases on its own, rather than relying on private companies to build the cases, to shorten the processing time, he said. Ross also was critical of moves by Chinese firms to buy control of U.S. entertainment and distributors when Beijing was denying such opportunities to U.S. firms in China.       Trump has criticized China’s trade practices and NAFTA, accusing both of causing millions of manufacturing job losses in the United States. The president-elect has pledged to renegotiate NAFTA to be more favorable to U.S. manufacturers or leave the 23-year-old trade pact.  The Toronto Globe and Mail newspaper reported on Wednesday that Ross had informed Canadian officials a formal request for negotiations would be sent within days of Trump’s inauguration on Friday, with rules of origin a priority. Ross said it was possible for the U.S. economy to grow faster than the Obama administration. It could achieve about 3 percent growth by adopting Trump’s proposals to roll back some business regulations, expand domestic energy production, reduce U.S. trade deficits and rebuild crumbling domestic infrastructure, he said. Ross also said more wireless telecommunications spectrum, sales of which are managed by the Commerce Department, was needed by the private sector. He pledged to press government and military agencies that control it to release what they do not need. “I am not anti-trade. I am pro-trade,” Ross said. “But I am pro-sensible trade, not trade that is to the disadvantage of the American worker and to the American manufacturing community.” Ross disclosed on Tuesday that he would sell investments valued at up to about $300 million, including his stake in his private equity firm, to avoid conflicts of interest as commerce secretary. The position’s responsibilities range from trade enforcement and economic data publication to telecommunications auctions and weather forecasting. {nL1N1F720V] ",1
6217,Trump to name ex-Georgia Governor Perdue as agriculture secretary,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump will name former Georgia Governor Sonny Perdue as his nominee for secretary of agriculture on Thursday, a senior transition official said on Wednesday. Perdue, 70, served on Trump’s agricultural advisory committee during his presidential campaign. His nomination, which must be confirmed by the Republican-led Senate, will complete Trump’s proposed cabinet just before he is sworn in as president on Friday. By nominating a former governor from a Southern state, Trump eschewed candidates from major Farm Belt states in the Midwest that produce the bulk of crops such as corn, soybeans and wheat which dominate agriculture exports. Georgia is a key producer of crops such as cotton and peanuts. While Georgia governor, Perdue had to handle a severe drought in 2007, during which he took steps to cut water usage and at one point led a service outside the state capitol to pray for rain. Perdue, a Republican, was elected twice as governor, serving from 2003 to 2011. Before that, he was in the state senate representing a rural swath of the state about 100 miles (160 km) south of Atlanta. He switched political parties from Democratic to Republican in 1998 amid redistricting in the state and shifting demographics. Trump received strong support from the agricultural community as the farm economy slumped amid falling prices for key commodities. Ron Moore, president of the American Soybean Association (ASA), said he thought Perdue would support agriculture exports. “I think he will be very much in favor of trade,” Moore said in a telephone interview. The ASA, with 15 other farm groups,  this month urged the incoming administration to “protect and enhance” agricultural trade and its impact on the rural economy. Trade, a signature issue during the campaign in which Trump accused China of unfair practices, is critical for the farm economy. U.S. farm and food exports to China were more than $20.2 billion in 2015.  Prices for soybeans rose 16.2 percent during 2016 on strong demand from China, which buys nearly 30 percent of the U.S. crop. Soybean exports helped boost U.S. gross domestic product in the third quarter. Some farmers are concerned that Trump’s criticism of China could lead to deteriorating trade relations and put exports at risk. An influential Chinese state-run newspaper warned this week that U.S. agricultural imports and U.S. aircraft manufacturer Boeing Co could be targets for retaliation in any trade war ushered in by Trump. Zippy Duvall, president of the American Farm Bureau, praised Perdue as a strong voice. But environmental groups opposed the nominee. “Farmers need a champion in the USDA who will fight for conservation programs to help farmers be more resilient in the face of extreme weather, not pray for rain,” Kari Hamerschlag, deputy director of food and technology at Friends of the Earth, said in a statement. After finishing his second term as governor, Perdue founded Perdue Partners, a global trading firm that consults and provides services for companies looking to export products. His cousin David Perdue is serving his first term representing Georgia in the U.S. Senate. The nominee is not related to chicken magnate Frank Perdue. ",1
6218,New Zealand's Xero chairman resigns after accepting Trump position,"WELLINGTON (Reuters) - New Zealand accounting software firm Xero Ltd said on Thursday that its chairman, Chris Liddell, would resign after accepting a position as an assistant to U.S. president-elect Donald Trump. The company has appointed Graham Smith, its current director, to replace Liddell. Xero said Liddell had informed them that his new job required him to step down as chairman, a position he held for the past three years. “We wish him all the best in his exciting new role,” Xero Chief Executive Officer Rod Drury said in a written statement. Several New Zealand customers had said on social media this week that they were considering cancelling their subscriptions due to Liddell’s appointment, announced by Trump on Wednesday. Drury had responded in local media that the company had no political view. The changes will take place on Jan. 20, the day of Trump’s inauguration. Shares in Xero were trading up 1.4 percent in the wake of the announcement, just below their 8-week high. Xero dominates the market for accounting software for small businesses in New Zealand, where it is headquartered, as well as in Britain. It is currently trying to grow its presence in the United States. ",1
6219,Trump's Indonesian business partner sees no conflicts of interest,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Donald Trump’s Indonesian business partner dismissed concerns by ethics officials that the U.S. president-elect’s companies’ overseas business deals might be vulnerable to conflicts of interest in an interview on Wednesday. Hary Tanoesoedibjo, 51, is the billionaire chairman and chief executive of MNC Group, which is constructing two luxury resorts in Indonesia that will be managed by the Trump Hotel Collection, a subsidiary of the Trump Organization.  Like Trump, Tanoesoedibjo believes his country’s politics could benefit from his business acumen and says he now devotes half his 16-hour days to tending to Perindo, the political party he founded last year, and other political efforts. “We didn’t add any new project since he decided to run for president so I don’t think there is a conflict of interest,” Tanoesoedibjo said in an interview at the Trump International Hotel in Manhattan where he was staying before traveling to Washington for Trump’s inauguration on Friday.  “A conflict of interest happens when if after he won the election and then we decided to add more projects. That’s where we get to a gray area,” he said. “But our project actually has been decided long before that.” He said he signed the deal with Trump in early 2015. Trump’s unusual path to the White House as a businessman who has never previously held political office and his decision to retain ownership of his companies has drawn him into conflict with ethics watchdogs.  Walter Shaub, director of the U.S. Office of Government Ethics, has unsuccessfully urged Trump to “divest his conflicting assets.” Trump has said the company would not make any new deals abroad while he is president and that his two elder sons, Donald Jr. and Eric, will take over his roles in running the business. Tanoesoedibjo said he met with the two brothers for two and a half hours on Wednesday morning at Trump Tower to discuss the resorts’ progress, and said Donald Jr. was expected to return to Indonesia this summer.  MNC is investing between $500 million and $1 billion in the developments, one near Jakarta and the other in Bali. It is paying the Trump Hotel company to manage luxury hotels, golf courses and country clubs at the two sites. The properties should be open by early 2019, Tanoesoedibjo said. He demurred on how U.S.-Indonesia relations might change under a Trump administration except to welcome Trump’s willingness to take on the United States’ larger trading partners in pursuit of what he calls better trade deals. “When the U.S. is pushing too hard against another big country like China or maybe a European country that may create a situation where that country may shift their investment somewhere else,” Tanoesoedibjo said, “and potentially to Indonesia.” He said he would decide before the end of next year whether to run in Indonesia’s 2019 presidential election, while describing Trump’s victory as inspiring to would-be candidates with thin political experience. “Maybe some day I’ll call him for political advice,” he said. ",1
6220,Factbox: Trump fills top jobs for his administration,"(Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump will name former Georgia Governor Sonny Perdue as his nominee for secretary of agriculture on Thursday, a senior transition official said on Wednesday. Here is a list of Republican Trump’s selections for top jobs in his administration.  NOTE: Senate confirmation is required for all the posts except national security adviser and White House posts. Tillerson, 64, has spent his entire career at Exxon Mobil Corp, where he rose to chairman and chief executive officer in 2006. A civil engineer by training, the Texan joined the world’s largest publicly traded energy company in 1975 and led several of its operations in the United States as well as in Yemen, Thailand and Russia. As Exxon’s chief executive, he maintained close ties with Moscow and opposed U.S. sanctions against Russia for its incursion into Crimea. Mnuchin, 54, is a successful private equity investor, hedge fund manager and Hollywood financier who spent 17 years at Goldman Sachs Group Inc before leaving the investment bank in 2002. He assembled an investor group to buy a failed California mortgage lender in 2009, rebranded it as OneWest Bank and built it into Southern California’s largest bank. Housing advocacy groups criticized OneWest for its foreclosure practices, accusing it of being too quick to foreclose on struggling homeowners. Mattis is a retired Marine general known for his tough talk, distrust of Iran and battlefield experience in Iraq and Afghanistan. A former leader of Central Command, which oversees U.S. military operations in the Middle East and South Asia, Mattis, 66, is known by many U.S. forces by his nickname, “Mad Dog.” He was rebuked in 2005 for saying: “It’s fun to shoot some people.” Sessions, 70, was the first U.S. senator to endorse Trump’s presidential bid and has been a close ally since. Son of a country store owner, the lawmaker from Alabama and former federal prosecutor has long taken a tough stance on illegal immigration, opposing any path to citizenship for undocumented immigrants. Coats, 73, served as U.S. senator from Indiana from 1989 to 1999 and again from 2011 to 2017, and was U.S. ambassador to Germany from 2001 to 2005. He previously served as U.S. representative from Indiana’s 4th Congressional District. Zinke, 55, a first-term Republican U.S. representative from Montana and a member of the House subcommittee on natural resources, has voted for legislation that would weaken environmental safeguards on public lands. He has taken stances favoring the coal industry, which suffered during the Obama administration. The League of Conservation Voters, which ranks lawmakers on their environmental record, gave Zinke an extremely low lifetime score of 3 percent. Ross, 79, heads the private equity firm WL Ross & Co. Forbes has pegged his net worth at about $2.9 billion. A staunch supporter of Trump, Ross helped shape the Trump campaign’s views on trade policy. He blames massive U.S. factory job losses on the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) with Canada and Mexico, which went into force in 1994, and the 2001 entry of China into the World Trade Organization.      Lighthizer, 69, served as deputy U.S. trade representative during the Reagan administration in the 1980s and has since spent nearly three decades as a lawyer representing U.S. companies in anti-dumping and anti-subsidy cases, currently with the law firm Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher and Flom. A harsh critic of China’s trade practices, Lighthizer in 2010 told Congress that U.S. policymakers should take a more aggressive approach in dealing with the Asian country. Puzder, chief executive officer of CKE Restaurants Inc [APOLOT.UL], which runs the Carl’s Jr. and Hardee’s fast-food chains, has been a vociferous critic of government regulation of the workplace and the National Labor Relations Board. Puzder, 66, has argued that higher minimum wages would hurt workers by forcing restaurants to close and praises the benefits of automation, so his appointment is likely to antagonize organized labor.  U.S. Representative Price, 62, is an orthopedic surgeon who heads the House Budget Committee. A representative from Georgia since 2005, Price has criticized Obamacare and has championed a plan of tax credits, expanded health savings accounts and lawsuit reforms to replace it. He is against abortion. Former Georgia Governor Perdue, 70, served on Trump’s agricultural advisory committee during the campaign. Perdue, a Republican, was elected to two terms as governor, serving from 2003 to 2011. Before that, he served in the state Senate representing a rural swath of the state about 100 miles (160 km) south of Atlanta. After finishing his second term as governor, Perdue founded Perdue Partners, a global trading firm that consults and provides services for companies looking to export products. Shulkin, 57, currently is under secretary for health at the Department of Veterans Affairs, putting him in charge of the country’s largest healthcare system. Shulkin, a physician, was chosen by Democratic President Barack Obama for the under secretary post in 2015. He has spearheaded an effort to cut waiting times for care at VA medical centers. Trump promised during the campaign to improve medical care for veterans. Shulkin would be the first VA secretary who had not served in the military. Carson, 65, is a retired neurosurgeon who dropped out of the Republican presidential nominating race in March and threw his support to Trump. A popular writer and speaker in conservative circles, Carson had been reluctant to take a position in the incoming administration because of his lack of experience in the federal government. He is the first African-American picked for a Cabinet spot by Trump. Chao, 63, was labor secretary under President George W. Bush for eight years and the first Asian-American woman to hold a Cabinet position. She is a director at Ingersoll Rand Plc, News Corp and Vulcan Materials Co. She is married to U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, a Republican from Kentucky. Perry, 66, is an addition to the list of oil drilling advocates skeptical about climate change who have been picked for senior positions in Trump’s Cabinet. The selections have worried environmentalists but cheered an oil and gas industry eager for expansion. Perry, who ran unsuccessfully for the 2012 Republican presidential nomination and also briefly ran for president in 2016, would be responsible for U.S. energy policy and oversee the nation’s nuclear weapons program.  DeVos, 59, is a billionaire Republican donor, a former chair of the Michigan Republican Party and an advocate for the privatization of education. As chair of the American Federation for Children, she has pushed at the state level for vouchers that families can use to send their children to private schools and for expansion of charter schools. The final leadership role of Kelly’s 45-year military career was head of the U.S. Southern Command, responsible for U.S. military activities and relationships in Latin America and the Caribbean. The 66-year-old retired Marine general differed with Obama on key issues and has warned of vulnerabilities along the United States’ southern border with Mexico. Priebus recently was re-elected to serve as Republican National Committee chairman but will give up that job to join Trump in the White House, where the low-key Washington operative could help forge ties with Congress to advance Trump’s agenda. Priebus, 44, was a steadfast supporter of Trump during the presidential campaign even as the party fractured amid the choice. ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY ADMINISTRATOR: SCOTT PRUITT An ardent opponent of Obama’s measures to stem climate change, Oklahoma Attorney General Pruitt, 48, has enraged environmental activists. But he fits in with the president-elect’s promise to cut the agency back and eliminate regulation that he says is stifling oil and gas drilling. Pruitt became the top state prosecutor for Oklahoma, which has extensive oil reserves, in 2011 and has challenged the EPA multiple times since. U.S. Representative Mick Mulvaney, 49, a South Carolina Republican, is a fiscal conservative. He was an outspoken critic of former House of Representatives Speaker John Boehner, who resigned in 2015 amid opposition from fellow Republicans who were members of the House Freedom Caucus. Mulvaney was first elected to Congress in 2010. Haley, 44, has been the Republican governor of South Carolina since 2011 and has little experience in foreign policy or the federal government. The daughter of Indian immigrants, she led a successful push last year to remove the Confederate battle flag from the grounds of the South Carolina state capitol after the killing of nine black churchgoers in Charleston by a white gunman. McMahon, 68, is a co-founder and former chief executive of the professional wrestling franchise WWE, which is based in Stamford, Connecticut. She ran unsuccessfully as a Republican for a U.S. Senate seat in Connecticut in 2010 and 2012 and was an early supporter of Trump’s presidential campaign. U.S. Representative Pompeo, 53, is a third-term congressman from Kansas who serves on the House of Representatives Intelligence Committee, which oversees the CIA, National Security Agency and cyber security. A retired Army officer and Harvard Law School graduate, Pompeo supports the U.S. government’s sweeping collection of Americans’ communications data and wants to scrap the nuclear deal with Iran. Walter “Jay” Clayton is a New York-based attorney who advises clients on major Wall Street deals, specializing in public and private mergers and acquisitions and capital-raising efforts. His past clients have included Alibaba Group Holding Company, Oaktree Capital Group and big banks.    Retired Lieutenant General Flynn, 58, was an early Trump supporter and serves as vice chairman on his transition team. He began his Army career in 1981 and was deployed in Afghanistan and Iraq. Flynn became head of the Defense Intelligence Agency in 2012 under Obama but retired a year earlier than expected, according to media reports, and became a fierce critic of Obama’s foreign policy. Tom Bossert, 41, who worked as deputy homeland security adviser to former President George W. Bush, will serve as the assistant to the president for homeland security and counterterrorism. He currently runs a risk management consulting firm and has a cyber risk fellowship with the Atlantic Council think tank in Washington. Cohn, 56, president and chief operating officer of Goldman Sachs, had widely been considered heir apparent to Lloyd Blankfein, CEO of the Wall Street firm. Trump hammered Goldman and Blankfein during the presidential campaign, releasing a television ad that called Blankfein part of a “global power structure” that had robbed America’s working class. Navarro, 67, has suggested a stepped-up engagement with Taiwan, including assistance with a submarine development program. A professor at the University of California, Irvine, who advised Trump during the campaign, Navarro argued that Washington should stop referring to the “one China” policy, but stopped short of suggesting it should recognize Taipei: “There is no need to unnecessarily poke the Panda.” Viola, 60, is a graduate of the U.S. Military Academy at West Point and a U.S. Army veteran who served in the famed 101st Airborne Division. He founded high-frequency trading firm Virtu Financial Inc and served as chairman of the New York Mercantile Exchange, where he began his financial services career. After the Sept. 11, 2001, al Qaeda attacks on New York and Washington, Viola helped found the Combating Terrorism Center at West Point. He is an owner of the Florida Panthers ice hockey team. CHIEF WHITE HOUSE STRATEGIST, SENIOR COUNSELOR: STEVE BANNON The former head of the conservative website Breitbart News came aboard as Trump’s campaign chairman in August. A rabble-rousing conservative media figure, he helped shift Breitbart into a forum for the alt-right, a loose confederation of those who reject mainstream politics and includes neo-Nazis, white supremacists and anti-Semites. His hiring signals Trump’s dedication to operating outside the norms of Washington. As White House chief of staff, Bannon, 63, will serve as Trump’s gatekeeper and agenda-setter. ",1
6221,OSCE report cites concerns about U.S. electoral system: German media,"BERLIN (Reuters) - International observers documented a range of concerns during November’s U.S. elections, including cyber security risks, disenfranchisement of current and former prisoners, and an opaque campaign finance system, a German newspaper group reported. “The American electoral system is very fragmented and in many places no longer meets international standards,” Michael Link, chief election observer for the 57-member Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE), told the Funke Mediengruppe newspaper chain. A report prepared by a team of OSCE observers who monitored the Nov. 8 presidential and congressional elections cited the need for steps to make the U.S. campaign finance system more transparent and address moves by many U.S. states to ban former and current prisoners from voting, Link said. He said each state had different voting laws and varying usage of new voting technologies.  There were increasing moves across the United States to return to a paper-based voting system after negative experiences with electronic voting machines in recent years, but 15 states used computers that did not allow a manual recount, he said. Link said the U.S. Department of Homeland Security and other agencies had taken steps to ensure the security of electronic voting machines, but many machines in use across the country were old and did not meet international standards. “This is a security risk,” Link said. Link also criticised U.S. President-elect Donald Trump, who will be sworn in on Friday, for “consciously and repeatedly overstepping the bounds of hate speech.” “That he was successful with this sets a dangerous precedent,” Link said. “The international community expects the United States to provide a good example, also in this area.” No further details of the report were immediately available. The OSCE sent its biggest team ever to the United States for the 2016 election amid charges from Trump that the poll could be “rigged” and concerns by civil rights activists that black voters could face undue obstacles. ",1
6222,Obama to Trump: Keep Russia sanctions separate from nuclear talks,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama urged President-elect Donald Trump on Wednesday to keep separate the issue of economic sanctions on Russia from the pursuit of talks to reduce nuclear stockpiles. Trump, who takes office on Friday after winning the Nov. 8 election, said in an interview with the Times of London published on Monday that he would propose offering to end sanctions on Moscow in return for a nuclear arms reduction deal. Obama’s administration imposed the sanctions in 2014 after Russia’s annexation of the Crimea peninsula from Ukraine.  “Russia continues to occupy Ukrainian territory and meddle in Ukrainian affairs,” Obama told reporters during his final news conference at the White House. “I think it would probably best serve, not only American interests, but also the interests of preserving international norms if we made sure that we don’t confuse why these sanctions have been imposed with a whole set of other issues,” he said. “It is important for the United States to stand up for the basic principal that big countries don’t go around and invade and bully smaller countries,” the Democratic president added. Trump, a Republican, has said he wants he wants to improve ties with Russia, despite allegations by U.S. intelligence agencies that Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered a cyber campaign to boost Trump’s campaign against Democrat Hillary Clinton. Moscow has denied the allegations. Obama worked on a nuclear arms control agreement with Moscow early in his presidency, resulting in the Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty signed in 2010. “I was prepared to go further, I told President Putin I was prepared to go further. They have been unwilling to negotiate,” Obama said, blaming Putin for “escalating anti-American rhetoric” and resuming what he called a Cold War-like “adversarial spirit.” Obama said a more “constructive relationship” with Russia would be a good goal. The United States and Russia are by far the world’s biggest nuclear powers. “If President-elect Trump is able to restart those talks in a serious way, I think there remains a lot of room for our two countries to reduce our stockpiles,” Obama said. ",1
6223,U.S. protest group vows to disrupt Trump inaugural festivities,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Leaders of an ad hoc group of protesters enraged by Republican Donald Trump’s election as president of the United States vowed on Wednesday to disrupt his inauguration this week by blocking public access to the event. The DisruptJ20 protest group said it will send groups of demonstrators to the dozen entrances to the grassy National Mall where hundreds of thousands of people are expected to gather to watch Trump, who has never before held public office, be sworn in as president on the steps of the U.S. Capitol on Friday. “We believe that it’s our role and the role of any people with conscience to try to disrupt this inauguration and have a massive showing of resistance on that day,” Samantha Miller, a DisruptJ20 organizer, said at a news conference. The U.S. Secret Service and Washington police are expecting some 900,000 people to pack into the area between the Capitol and White House on Friday to view the swearing-in and will have thousands of uniformed officers on site. Trump has angered many on the left with demeaning comments about women, immigrants and Muslims, a vow to repeal the sweeping healthcare reform law known as “Obamacare” and plans to build a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border. His supporters admire Trump’s experience in business, including as a real estate developer and reality television star, and view him as a brash problem-solver. Miller said DisruptJ20 will be sending groups of about 100 protesters to block each of the dozen security checkpoints for people entering the inaugural festivities. “There will definitely be interactions with law enforcement that day, no doubt,” Miller said. Washington’s Metropolitan Police Department declined to comment on the group’s plans. “We support everyone’s First Amendment right to peaceably protest,” a spokeswoman said in an email, referring to the amendment to the U.S. Constitution that protects the right to free expression. About 3 square miles (nearly 8 square km) of central Washington will be in a security cordon that will include roadblocks, street barricades and about 3,000 extra police, federal officers and 5,000 National Guard troops. The inaugural parade down Pennsylvania Avenue will pass the Trump International Hotel, a rallying point for protesters since the election. A man set himself on fire late on Tuesday outside the hotel, in what he told NBC 4 television was an anti-Trump protest. Police said he was taken to a hospital for treatment and had no details on his condition. ",1
6224,Obama suggests U.S. embassy move to Jerusalem could be 'explosive',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama suggested on Wednesday that moving the  U.S. embassy to Jerusalem could have “explosive” results and said he was worried that the prospects for a two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict were waning. U.S. President-elect Donald Trump has promised to re-locate the embassy to Jerusalem, breaking with longstanding U.S. policy. Israel and Palestinians both claim Jerusalem as their capital, and such a change would draw international condemnation. “When sudden unilateral moves are made that speak to some of the core issues and sensitivities of either side, that can be explosive,” Obama said at his last news conference as president. He said his administration had warned the incoming Trump administration that big shifts in policy had consequences. “That’s part of what we’ve tried to indicate to the incoming team in our transition process, is pay attention to this because this is ... volatile stuff,” he said in response to a question about a potential embassy move. Obama has said repeatedly that Israeli settlement activity in the occupied West Bank and East Jerusalem is an impediment to creating two states, which the United States believes is the best solution to decades of conflict between Israelis and Palestinians. He said his administration did not block a recent U.N. resolution on Israeli settlement activity because it felt a two-state solution was the only option for peace.  “The goal of the resolution was to simply say that the ... growth of the settlements are creating a reality on the ground that increasingly will make a two-state solution impossible,” Obama said. “It was important for us to send a signal, a wakeup call that this moment may be passing.” Israel described the decision by the United States to abstain in the vote rather than wield its veto as “shameful.” The U.S. move, along with a sharp speech by U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry about the issue, reinforced tensions between the outgoing Obama administration and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. ",1
6225,Democrats take aim at Mnuchin as confirmation hearing looms,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Borrowers who say OneWest Bank refused to help them when they struggled to pay their mortgages appeared Wednesday on Capitol Hill, where they urged the U.S. Senate to vote against confirming the bank’s former chief executive, Steven Mnuchin, as Treasury Secretary. The event, organized by Senate Democrats including Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts, featured a handful of OneWest borrowers who spoke about their personal experiences.  They included an 86-year-old woman who said the bank ordered her to pay off a reverse mortgage or get out of her house after her husband died, and a Nevada mother of two who lost her home in 2010 after she was unable to secure a loan modification. “Steve Mnuchin’s company had no interest in helping us,” said the Nevada mother, Heather McCreary. “They wanted to foreclose because they were focused on their profits.” Mnuchin, whose confirmation hearing is Thursday, is the latest of President-elect Donald Trump’s nominees to find himself in the crosshairs of Senate Democrats. Democrats have seized on his financial career during the housing crisis, when he bought discounted assets of the failed California lender IndyMac Bank.  He rebranded it as OneWest Bank. The institution was later accused by housing advocacy groups and others of engaging in overly aggressive foreclosure tactics. Mnuchin is no longer with OneWest, which was sold to CIT Group. Mnuchin is expected to respond directly to the allegations in his testimony on Thursday, according to a copy of his prepared remarks seen by Reuters. “In the press it has been said that I ran a ‘foreclosure machine,’” he plans to say.  “This is not true. On the contrary, I was committed to loan modifications intended to stop foreclosures.” Democrats in the Republican-controlled Senate do not have the power alone to block Trump’s nominees.  But that has not stopped them from trying to draw attention to their concerns.  One tactic has included holding informal hearings and inviting outside witnesses to testify - a method that was also used last week in an effort by Democrats to raise questions about Labor Secretary nominee Andy Puzder’s record as chief executive of CKE Restaurants, which owns the Hardee’s and Carl Jr.’s fast-food chains. Puzder’s confirmation hearing is slated for Feb. 2. ",1
6226,Treasury nominee Mnuchin defends mortgage record at OneWest Bank,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump’s choice for Treasury secretary, Steven Mnuchin, will push back on Thursday at Democratic Party critics who have charged him with forcing tens of thousands of Californians from their homes as chairman of OneWest Bank. In prepared remarks to senators at his confirmation hearing,  Mnuchin said that his group’s purchase of IndyMac Bank in 2009 ultimately rehabilitated a failed regional lender into OneWest and saved thousands of jobs and thousands of loans from foreclosure. “Since I was first nominated to serve as Treasury Secretary, I have been maligned as taking advantage of others’ hardships in order to earn a buck. Nothing could be further from the truth,” Mnuchin wrote in his opening statement, a copy of which was seen by Reuters on Wednesday. “In the press, it has been said that I ran a ‘foreclosure machine.’ This is not true. On the contrary, I was committed to loan modifications intended to stop foreclosures. I ran a loan modification machine.” Democrats on Thursday organized a Capitol Hill forum at which a group of former OneWest borrowers said the bank refused to help them when they struggled to pay their mortgages in the depths of the 2008-2009 housing and financial crisis. The borrowers, among some 39,000 whose IndyMac loans went into foreclosure, urged senators to vote against confirming Mnuchin. According to data from the Treasury’s Home Affordable Modification program, OneWest extended over 101,000 offers to modify loans to help reduce monthly payments. About 28,700 of these offers were converted to “permanent” modifications under the Obama administration program from 2009 to 2013. “Unfortunately, not all of the homes could be saved through these programs, and despite my best efforts, some were, sadly, subject to foreclosure,” Mnuchin said. Mnuchin also said he asked the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) to change its policies to avoid foreclosures on senior citizens who were behind on their property tax and insurance payments by only small amounts. But, he said, HUD refused. The former Goldman Sachs Group Inc executive and Hollywood film financier, who disclosed assets worth up to $400 million, pledged to support “careful oversight of the financial system which prioritizes the needs of everyday Americans over the wishes of financial institutions or the federal government.” Mnuchin said that as Treasury secretary he would enforce trade policies “that keep and protect American jobs. We will also make America the best place for companies to do business.” His statement did not provide specific policy steps, but he said the administration would work diligently to limit regulations and lower taxes on “hardworking Americans and small businesses.” ",1
6227,"Trump EPA pick expresses doubts on climate, defends oil industry funding","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump’s choice to lead the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency expressed doubt about the science behind global climate change during a contentious Senate confirmation hearing on Wednesday, but added he would be obliged for now to uphold the EPA’s finding carbon dioxide poses a public danger. Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt, 48, sued the agency he intends to run more than a dozen times on behalf of his state. This earned him strong support from petroleum companies and convinced both his opponents and supporters that he would aggressively carry out Trump’s campaign vows to slash EPA regulation to boost drilling and mining. “Science tells us that the climate is changing, and that human activity, in some manner, impacts that change,” Pruitt said during the hearing in front of the Environment and Public Works Committee. “The ability to measure with precision the degree and extent of that impact, and what to do about it, are subject to continuing debate and dialogue.” Responding to a question from Democratic Senator Ed Markey of Massachusetts, Pruitt said he would be obliged as administrator to initially abide by the EPA finding that carbon dioxide and other gases scientists believe contribute to climate change pose a risk to the public. That is a premise for many of the regulations limiting carbon emissions imposed during President Barack Obama’s tenure. “There’s nothing that I know of that would cause a review at this point,” he said. Trump has called climate change a hoax and has promised to refocus the EPA on protecting air and water quality, while scrapping many of Obama’s initiatives to curb carbon dioxide emissions. That stance has triggered an international diplomatic backlash and cast a cloud of doubt over the future of a global pact to fight global warming, signed in Paris last year by nearly 200 countries. U.S. government agencies said on Wednesday that world temperatures in 2016 hit a record high for the third year in a row. “Why are folks so concerned?... We’re concerned that we won’t be fine with the environment,” said Democratic Senator Tom Carper of Delaware during the hearing. “That’s why you have the kind of concern you’re witnessing here today.” An overwhelming majority of scientists say the burning of oil, gas and coal is a driver of global climate change, causing sea level rise and more frequent violent storms. In prepared remarks that were interrupted by protesters shouting “There is no planet B”, Pruitt said he would seek to ensure rules imposed by the EPA were effective, but without hurting development. He added that he would seek to give states more authority to regulate their own environmental issues. “Environmental regulations should not occur in an economic vacuum. We can simultaneously pursue the mutual goals of environmental protection and economic growth,” he said.  For weeks before the hearing, environmental groups campaigned to urge lawmakers to block Pruitt’s nomination, saying his litigation as Oklahoma attorney general may have been influenced by energy companies and industry groups that contributed to his election campaigns. Pruitt said during the hearing that he would recuse himself from any ongoing cases against the EPA that he is involved in, if the EPA’s ethics commission required him to do so. Among these cases is a multi-state effort to overturn the Clean Power Plan requiring states to cut carbon emissions, a centerpiece of Obama’s initiatives to counter climate change. During the hearing, Democratic Senator Jeff Merkley of Oregon showed a blown-up image of a letter Pruitt sent to the current EPA administrator several years ago opposing regulations limiting emissions from the energy sector. Merkley said it had been written by Oklahoma company Devon Energy (DVN.N). Pruitt responded by saying the letter was not sent on behalf of any one company but on behalf of an entire industry that is important to the state’s economy. New Jersey Democratic Senator Corey Booker later asked Pruitt if he had sent similar letters of behalf of Oklahoma citizens affected by pollution, citing statistics showing the major oil and gas producing state has among the highest asthma rates in the country. “Did you even file one lawsuit on behalf of those kids?” Booker later quipped: “There’s a pattern of you being on side of polluters, even when it restricts state rights you claim to promote.” Republicans on the committee focused their questions on how Pruitt will work to prevent pollution from causing serious public health problems like the lead contamination crisis affecting Flint, Michigan, and criticized the Obama administration’s climate regulations. Lawmakers from Midwestern states also asked about his views on biofuels, an important market for corn growers. Pruitt said he would support the U.S. renewable fuels standard, which requires biofuels like ethanol to be blended in gasoline, but said the program needed some tweaks. ",1
6228,"Trump health pick defends stocks, says Americans won't lose insurance","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump’s nominee to head the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services defended his stock holdings and proposals to dismantle Obamacare on Wednesday, saying Americans would not suddenly lose health insurance. Representative Tom Price told the Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions, one of two that oversee the health department, that there was no connection between his purchase of certain health company stocks and his promotion of legislation that would have helped the companies. He said the stocks were bought on his behalf by a broker. “I had no knowledge of those purchases,” he said. Price owns a variety of healthcare stocks, including biotech firm Amgen Inc, pharma companies Bristol-Myers Squibb Co, Eli Lilly & Co and drug distributor McKesson Corp. He has said he will divest health and other stocks that could be affected by his position as health secretary. Price, an orthopedic surgeon, said he did personally direct his broker to buy shares of Australian biotech company Innate Immunotherapeutics Ltd. He said he was made aware of the stock by Republican Congressman Chris Collins, who serves on Immunotherapeutics’ board, but denied he had been given any inside information or broken any laws. He said he did his own due diligence on the company. A spokesman for Collins, Michael McAdams, said in a statement that Collins’ relationship with Immunotherapeutics goes back more than 15 years, during which he has spoken with hundreds of people, including Price. “Congressman Collins has never disclosed any nonpublic or improper information related to Innate Immunotherapeutics and has followed all ethical and legal standards required by the House of Representatives during his time in office.” Senator Patty Murray, the top Democrat on the panel, said the purchase raised questions that need a full investigation before the Senate goes forward with his confirmation. Stephen Crimmins, an attorney with Murphy and McGonigle and former lawyer with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, said the chain of events described by Price does not suggest insider trading. “What we’re seeing so far is a tip from a company director, who happened to be another congressman,” Crimmins said. “It’s a tip that the company was a good investment based on its ongoing public research on multiple sclerosis. That’s not insider trading, whether Price bought in the market or in a private placement.” Crimmins said the controversy illustrates the risk that all public officials take when they invest in individual stocks. “The safe play to avoid such questions is to stick to fund investments,” he said. Not everyone is as sanguine as Crimmins. James Cox, a securities law professor at Duke University School of Law, said Price appeared to have received the information about Immunotherapeutics by virtue of his public position. “What I heard and thought he admitted to doing was abusing his position by using information that was not generally publicly available for private gain,” he said. Price will face additional questioning the Senate Committee on Finance, which has set a confirmation hearing for Jan. 24.    Only members of the finance committee will vote on whether to send Price’s nomination to the Senate floor for review. Questioned about President Obama’s signature Affordable Care Act, Price said “nobody is interested in pulling the rug out from anyone” as Republicans in Congress work to repeal the law and replace it with an alternative system. Price said an overhaul of Obamacare will initially focus on individual health plans sold on online exchanges and the Medicaid program but would not tackle changes to Medicare.     Trump has called for the immediate repeal of the law and its simultaneous replacement. Trump has said that he wants to keep some aspects of Obamacare, such as allowing young adults to be on their parents’ insurance, but that he wants plans that use health savings accounts. He also advocates for insurance to be sold across state lines. Price said that with these new tools, and the rollout of new forms of high-deductible so-called catastrophic insurance, the government can expand healthcare coverage to more people. He also echoed Trump’s recent call for “healthcare for all,” saying that he wants more people to be covered after the ACA is repealed. The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office on Tuesday said a repeal of Obamacare would increase the number of people without health insurance by 18 million in the first year and 32 million by the year 2026. ",1
6229,Republican defends border-adjustment tax after Trump criticism,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A top Republican in Congress on Wednesday defended his border-adjustable tax provision against criticism from President-elect Donald Trump, warning that U.S. jobs and companies will continue to move abroad unless the controversial measure is included in tax reform. Representative Kevin Brady, chairman of the House of Representatives tax-writing committee that produced the proposal, said the reform measure to tax imports but not exports remains part of the discussions between Republican lawmakers and Trump’s presidential transition team. “I’m absolutely confident that we can move this provision forward,” Brady said in an interview with CNBC. “Without it, America will continue to have incentives for jobs and manufacturing to leave the country. None of us want that.” Brady, who already faces mounting criticism from import-dependent industries that oppose the measure, was speaking a day after the Wall Street Journal published a Trump interview in which the Republican president-elect unexpectedly branded border adjustment as “too complicated.” “Anytime I hear border adjustment, I don’t love it,” Trump told the newspaper. “Because usually it means we’re going to get adjusted into a bad deal.” Trump’s comments surprised business lobbyists who believed he would support the provision as a way to increase the number of U.S. blue-collar jobs. In response, Goldman Sachs lowered from 30 percent to 20 percent its “subjective probability” that border adjustment would be adopted as part of a tax reform legislative package. Trump appeared to step back from his criticism in an interview published on Wednesday on the news website Axios, saying border adjustability was still on the table.    Without border adjustment, lawmakers could have to scale back the House Republican “Better Way” tax reform blueprint. The measure would raise more than $1 trillion in revenues over 10 years, according to independent analysts. Its loss would limit the size of tax cuts and jeopardize a related provision to end taxation on the foreign profits of U.S. corporations. Advocates say border adjustment would encourage companies to establish manufacturing plants on American soil, because it would make U.S. export sales tax-exempt while preventing companies from deducting the cost of imports from their taxable income. But a top Trump lieutenant failed to name border adjustment as a way to entice foreign companies to the United States during a Senate confirmation hearing. Wilbur Ross, Trump’s nominee for commerce secretary, said instead that lowering the corporate tax rate is “probably the biggest single tool that we could use.” ",1
6230,Outgoing U.S. envoy says U.N. needs to 'push' Iran on arms embargo,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The United Nations Security Council needs to push Iran to abide by an arms embargo, outgoing U.S. Ambassador Samantha Power said on Wednesday amid U.N. concerns that Tehran has supplied weapons and missiles to Lebanese Shi’ite group Hezbollah. Most U.N. sanctions were lifted a year ago under a deal Iran made with Britain, France, Germany, China, Russia, the United States and the European Union to curb its nuclear program. But Iran is still subject to an arms embargo and other restrictions, which are not technically part of the nuclear agreement. In her last appearance at a public Security Council meeting before U.S. President Barack Obama’s administration steps aside on Friday, Power said that recognizing “progress on Iran’s nuclear issues should not distract this council from Iran’s other actions that continue to destabilize the Middle East.”Under a Security Council resolution enshrining the 2015 deal, the U.N. secretary-general is required to report every six months on any violations of sanctions still in place. U.N. political affairs chief Jeffrey Feltman briefed the 15-member council on the second U.N. report and said there had been no reports of nuclear-related or ballistic missile-related violations of the council resolution. However, the report expressed concern that Iran may have violated the resolution by supplying arms to Hezbollah. Iran’s senior nuclear negotiator said in 2015 that Tehran had no intention of complying with the arms embargo or ballistic missile restrictions. “We on the council need to come together to push Iran to effectively implement the binding provisions of resolution 2231 - especially restrictions that ban Iran’s export of arms and related material,” said Power. She did not specify how. The council could impose further sanctions over breaches of the arms embargo, but Russia and China - which are council veto powers along with the United States, France and Britain - were unlikely to agree to such a move, diplomats said. U.S. President-elect Donald Trump has threatened to scrap the nuclear agreement or seek a better deal. Trump’s nominee to replace Power, South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley, said it would be better to review the deal rather than withdraw from it. She also told lawmakers at her Senate confirmation hearing on Wednesday that Iran should be held accountable for sanctions violations. She said: “Anytime that we put sanctions forward we should follow through on those when there are violations.” ",1
6231,Clinton bests de Blasio in hypothetical NYC mayor race: poll,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - If Hillary Clinton decided to run as an independent for New York City mayor this year, she would open with a sizable lead over incumbent Democrat Bill de Blasio, according to Quinnipiac University poll released on Wednesday. Clinton led de Blasio 49 percent to 30 percent in the survey of 1,138 city voters. It had a margin of error of plus or minus 2.9 percentage points, meaning results could vary that much either way. Since Democrat Clinton’s loss to Republican President-elect Donald Trump in November, there has been speculation that the former U.S. secretary of state and U.S. senator from New York state might set her sights on the New York City mayoralty this year. Political analysts have dismissed the rumors, saying there is little chance Clinton, 69, would seek de Blasio’s office after coming so close to winning the White House. Clinton’s camp has not denied the possibility outright, though advisers have said they do not expect her to seek public office again. A spokesman for de Blasio’s re-election campaign and a Clinton spokesman did not immediately respond to requests for comment. The poll may also be a reflection of de Blasio’s public standing, which has had its ups and downs during his four-year term. Forty-five percent of those surveyed approved of de Blasio, while a nearly identical 46 percent did not. Nevertheless, the poll showed de Blasio ahead of other possible challengers, including former city council speaker Christine Quinn, who lost to de Blasio in the 2013 Democratic primary, and City Comptroller Scott Stringer. “New Yorkers aren’t in love with Mayor Bill de Blasio, but they seem to like him better than other possible choices – except Hillary Clinton, who probably is an impossible choice,” Tim Malloy, the poll’s assistant director, said in a statement. The poll was apparently the first major survey to include Clinton as a potential mayoral candidate. New York City has never had a female mayor. In the Nov. 8 presidential election, Clinton captured more than 80 percent of New York City votes, even though Trump was born and raised in the heavily Democratic city. She moved in 1999 to Chappaqua, New York, about 30 miles north of the city, in order to run for the U.S. Senate. ",1
6232,Puerto Rico oversight board favors more time for restructuring talks,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Puerto Rico’s federal oversight board said on Wednesday it was willing to extend key deadlines that would give the debt-laden U.S. territory’s government more time to negotiate restructuring deals with holders of its roughly $70 billion in bonds.  In a letter to Governor Ricardo Rossello, the oversight board said it “is favorably inclined” to grant the governor’s request to extend to May 1 from Feb. 15 a freeze on litigation from creditors over missed debt payments.  It also said it favored extending until Feb. 28 from Jan. 15 a deadline for Rossello to submit a fiscal turnaround plan for the island. Both requests will be taken up formally “later this month,” the board said, and would be conditioned on the government agreeing to turn over more information about its financial picture and not to take on more short-term liquidity loans. The board said Rossello’s fiscal plan should aim to generate $4.5 billion annually in new revenues or savings through fiscal 2019. It laid out specific areas the plan should address, including shrinking the size of the government, pension reform and spending reductions in higher education and healthcare.   In addition to its nearly $70 billion in debt from a myriad of public issuers, Puerto Rico is struggling with a 45 percent poverty rate and unemployment that is more than twice the mainland U.S. average.  The bipartisan, seven-member oversight board was created under the federal Puerto Rico rescue law known as PROMESA, passed by the U.S. Congress last year. It is charged with helping the island manage its finances and navigate its way out of the economic jam, including by negotiating restructuring deals with creditors. PROMESA calls for Puerto Rico’s governor to deliver a fiscal turnaround plan, due on Jan. 28, to serve as a blueprint for the island’s path out of crisis.  The law also imposed a freeze on litigation from creditors over debt payments, set to run out on Feb. 15.  Rossello, who won election in November and was sworn in on Jan. 2, asked for the deadline extensions, saying his new administration needed more time to assess the local financial situation and negotiate with creditors.  Rossello has only just now hired lawyers and financial advisers to represent the government in those talks. Failing to reach consensual restructuring deals could push Puerto Rico and its many debt-issuing agencies into a messy and costly bankruptcy-like process under PROMESA. ",1
6233,"Business euphoria over Trump gives way to caution, uncertainty","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Early optimism among business lobbyists and executives that Donald Trump’s election heralded better days has slowly given way to uncertainty as the president-elect fires off mixed and sometimes confusing messages on healthcare, taxes and trade. An initial euphoria in the business world fueled a powerful post-election stock rally. Some of that has frayed as questions arise over the nuts and bolts of Trump’s campaign promises, although many in the business community said they remained optimistic. Doubts deepened over the weekend as Trump declared he would replace President Barack Obama’s signature healthcare plan known as Obamacare with “insurance for everybody” - a goal far beyond Republican designs - and criticized a key component of a plan in Congress to overhaul corporate taxes. In a later interview, he appeared to adjust both stances, possibly adding to the confusion. “It is fair to say that since the election, there has been mounting uncertainty about exactly what the specific policies are likely to be with regard to tax reform and replacing Obamacare,” a financial industry official said. Expectations for faster growth, tax reform and a quick repeal of Obamacare, officially known as the Affordable Care Act, have “given way to ‘We are not really sure what he means by that,’” the official said. A veteran Republican financial lobbyist said she was under constant pressure from clients to predict what the new administration was planning but had no reliable answers.  Trump appears to have thrown a wrench into Republican plans to repeal Obamacare with mixed signals on the details and timing of a replacement plan. Congressional Republicans have focused on limiting government involvement in the healthcare system and eliminating the law’s individual mandate that forces people to have insurance.  But Trump told the Washington Post he was almost done with a plan to replace Obamacare with “insurance for everybody,” while forcing drug companies to negotiate directly with the government on prices for Medicare and Medicaid. Trump’s recent attack on the border adjustment tax was another sign of his unpredictability, the financial lobbyist said. That measure would tax imports and exempt exports in an effort to encourage companies to keep jobs and production in the United States. In an interview with the Wall Street Journal on Friday, Trump called the proposal “too complicated.” “Anytime I hear border adjustment, I don’t love it,” Trump told the Journal. “Because usually it means we’re going to get adjusted into a bad deal. That’s what happens.” Chris Krueger, an analyst at the investment firm Cowen and Co, said Trump’s comments to the newspaper about the border adjustment proposal were “breathtaking.” “Trump is like a policy bull who seems to bring his own china shop with him to destroy it with every interview,” Krueger wrote in a research note.  In an interview with the news outlet Axios on Tuesday, Trump appeared to adjust both positions. He said the border adjustment idea was still “on the plate.” As for Obamacare, he said his comments were in response to proposals in which “people with no money aren’t covered,” which he said were unacceptable. Lobbyists said the Trump transition team’s lack of interest in their input was clear in the past two weeks as it summoned trade groups to daily “listening sessions” at the American Enterprise Institute think tank. The agriculture, financial,  transportation and tech industries were among the sectors that got a one-hour session, according to participants. In the sessions, Wall Street lobbyists were encouraged to talk fast: a giant television screen overhead counted down two minutes of allotted time. “It was a goat rodeo. We all got a couple minutes to speak. What can you really say in that time?” said another financial services lobbyist. “They wanted to check the box - ‘We’re listening to Wall Street.’ But who even knows where these transition people will be in a few days?”  Lobbyists also have been alarmed that the transition team has not included them in preparations for confirmation hearings for many nominated Cabinet officials, including potential Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin. “If you want someone to explain how Elizabeth Warren can hammer you 12 different ways, ask a lobbyist,” said the financial services lobbyist, referring to the Democratic U.S. senator from Massachusetts and frequent critic of Wall Street. Even Trump’s website sowed confusion about his intentions. A promise to dismantle the Dodd-Frank regulatory reforms was removed at the end of last year and has not been replaced. A Trump representative blamed a redesign, but bank lobbyists are not so sure - other content made it through the redesign. Some companies have been reassured by Trump’s Cabinet nominees, who are seen as more predictable and supportive of the business establishment than the impulsive president-elect. Senator Jeff Sessions, Trump’s pick for attorney general, has deep differences on values with the technology sector but is seen as an important Trump counterweight because he is a “deliberate decision-maker not prone to big dramatic mood swings,” a source at one major Silicon Valley firm said. Many lobbyists and business officials said they remained optimistic and cautioned against reading too deeply into tweets or comments that Trump makes on policy.  “If Obama or Bush opined on a policy ... most of Washington assumed that raising that question was a well-vetted intentional decision to send a signal,” a senior U.S. Chamber of Commerce official said. Trump, by contrast, may simply be raising policy issues because he has questions on them, the chamber official said. The same financial industry official who acknowledged the uncertain climate also said he was still optimistic. “There were a lot of candidates who were interviewed. There were names floated out there and ... it was kind of a chaotic process,” the official said, referring to the process of picking candidates to fill Cabinet and other administration positions. “But overall, I think one can make the observation that in making the final selections, Trump has shown ... a very surprising even-handedness.” ",1
6234,One habit Trump says he will keep as president: tweeting," WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump plans to select the media representatives who are given access to the presidential press briefing room, but will not move the room out of the White House, he said in interview with Fox News broadcast on Wednesday.  Trump, whose election campaign was punctuated by a stream of Twitter messages, also said he plans to keep tweeting when he takes office on Friday.  “Look, I don’t like tweeting. I have other things I could be doing. But I get very dishonest media, very dishonest press. And it’s my only way that I can counteract,” said the Republican president-elect.  MORE FROM REUTERS  *  As caliphate crumbles, Islamic State lashes out in Iraq  *  Potentially nasty fight looms over Supreme Court pick  *  Business euphoria over Trump gives way to caution, confusion A New York businessman and former reality TV star, Trump often used Twitter during the campaign to communicate his views, including his sometimes scathing opinions of rivals. Since winning the November election he has delivered a steady stream of tweets - often focused on countering critics.  He has had a contentious relationship with some prominent U.S. news organization that he refers to derisively as the “mainstream media,” banning some news outlets during the presidential campaign and publicly criticizing individual reporters.  Trump’s team had discussed moving news conferences out of the small West Wing briefing room to the Old Executive Office Building, which is part of the White House complex, incoming White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus said Sunday on ABC.  “The press went crazy, so I said, ‘Let’s not move it.’ But some people in the press will not be able to get in,” Trump told Fox in the interview broadcast on Wednesday.  “We have so many people that want to go in so we’ll have to just have to pick the people to go into the room - I’m sure other people will be thrilled about that,” he said. “But we offered a much larger room because we need a much larger room and we offered to do that, but they went crazy.”  “And they’ll be begging for a much larger room very soon, you watch.”  The current press room has about 49 seats, which are assigned by the White House Correspondents Association (WHCA). The current president of the WHCA is Jeff Mason, a Reuters correspondent.  Moving the briefing room could reduce access to White House officials, as the room is only steps from the Oval Office.  ",1
6235,Trump U.N. pick echoes his criticism but breaks from him on issues,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Donald Trump’s pick for U.N. ambassador echoed his condemnation of the world body and pledged to push for reforms at her confirmation hearing on Wednesday, but broke from the president-elect on some other policy issues, including Russia and NATO. South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley seconded criticism of the United Nations by Trump and many of their fellow Republicans before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, especially for what she termed its “bias” against Israel. Some Republicans want to stop U.S. funding for the United Nations over a Security Council resolution last month demanding an end to settlement building that the United States declined to veto, instead of abstaining. Haley pledged that she would not abstain on U.N. votes. But she did not back “slashing” U.N. funding. The United States provides 22 percent of the U.N. budget. Trump took to Twitter in the wake of the Israel vote to criticize the 193-member world body as “just a club for people to get together, talk and have a good time.” He warned “things will be different” after he takes office, without offering details. Haley said Washington should always back Israel. “If we always stand with them, more countries will want to be our allies,” she said. Haley said she “absolutely” backs moving the U.S. embassy to Jerusalem from Tel Aviv. That shift, which would up-end decades of U.S. policy, is supported by Trump and congressional Republicans but seen by the Palestinians and many Arab states as an impediment to Middle East peace. Although some Democrats questioned Haley’s lack of diplomatic experience, she is expected to be approved. At the end of the mostly non-contentious hearing, Senator Bob Corker, the committee’s Republican chairman, said he expected she would be confirmed “overwhelmingly.” Haley, a rising star in the Republican party who turns 45 on Friday when Trump takes office, has only held office in South Carolina. She has been governor since 2011.  Haley praised U.N. food programs, efforts to alleviate AIDS, its weapons monitoring and some peacekeeping missions, a departure from Trump’s criticisms. Haley also broke from Trump’s praise for Russian President Vladimir Putin. She agreed that Russian actions in Syria such as bombing hospitals are “war crimes,” condemned Russia’s annexation of Ukraine’s Crimea region and said she would oppose easing sanctions until Moscow changes. “I think that Russia has to have positive actions before we lift any sanctions on Russia,” she said. Haley said she had not had detailed conversations with Trump about Russia or China. The United States and its frequent rivals Russia and China all hold permanent seats on the U.N. Security Council, along with U.S. allies Britain and France. Haley did not advocate backing out of the international nuclear agreement with Iran, which is supported by the United Nations, although she said it should be closely reviewed. She also praised the NATO alliance. Some other Trump nominees, including his choice for secretary of state, Rex Tillerson, and his Pentagon nominee, retired Marine General James Mattis, have also veered from Trump’s national security positions during their hearings. Several senators, including Republicans, have said they hope some appointees will rein in his more controversial positions. “I would far rather have a strong-willed, capable, elected leader with experience at the state level who says those things than someone who has been a diplomat for 30 years and says: ‘Oh, I’ll do whatever Donald Trump says’,” Democratic Senator Chris Coons told reporters. Some questioned whether the president-elect would change. Democratic Senator Chris Murphy said the Tillerson and Haley hearings were in “an alternate universe,” given two years of Trump statements backing torture or suggesting NATO is obsolete. “That’s all going to change after Friday?” Murphy asked. Haley said she expected Trump’s Cabinet would try to influence him. “I do anticipate that he will listen to all of us, and that hopefully we will get him to see it the way we see it,” she said. Haley did not endorse Trump during last year’s primaries and has warned that some of his most inflammatory statements promoted dangerous hate. She initially backed the presidential bid of Senator Marco Rubio and later Senator Ted Cruz. She acknowledged her lack of diplomatic experience but said her time as governor would stand her in good stead. “I would suggest there is nothing more important to a governor’s success than her ability to unite those with different backgrounds, viewpoints and objectives behind a common purpose,” she said. Senator Ben Cardin, the committee’s top Democrat, praised Haley for being willing to disagree with Trump. Haley, the daughter of immigrants from India, rose to national prominent last year after she led a push to remove a Confederate flag from South Carolina’s capitol grounds after a white supremacist killed nine black churchgoers in Charleston. She already has fans at U.N. headquarters.  “She’s a very respected politician and a highly regarded and results-driven professional,” France’s ambassador, Francois Delattre, told reporters on Tuesday. Delattre met Haley in his previous role as French ambassador to the United States. ",1
6236,Obama says reducing leaker Chelsea Manning's prison term serves justice,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama said on Wednesday that former military intelligence analyst Chelsea Manning had served a tough prison term and his decision to commute her 35-year sentence to about seven years served would not signal leniency toward leakers of U.S. government secrets. Obama told his final news conference as president that he felt it made sense to commute Manning’s sentence because she went to trial, took responsibility for her crime and her sentence was disproportionate to those received by other leakers. “Chelsea Manning has served a tough prison sentence,” Obama said of his decision to reduce her sentence, which was announced Tuesday in a batch of 209 commutations and 64 pardons granted. “I feel very comfortable that justice has been served.”  Manning gave classified information of more than 700,000 documents, videos, diplomatic cables and battlefield accounts to anti-secrecy group WikiLeaks in 2010, the biggest such breach in U.S. history.  Congressional Republicans criticized the commutation as a dangerous precedent for leakers. Sean Spicer, the press secretary for President-elect Donald Trump, told reporters Wednesday it sent a “very troubling message.” Obama said the commutation was done without regard to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange, who said on Twitter last Thursday that if Manning was freed, he would accept extradition to the United States, where there is an open criminal investigation into the activities of WikiLeaks.  “I don’t pay a lot of attention to Mr. Assange’s tweets,” Obama said, adding that he did not see a contradiction with his administration’s approach to Assange and Manning and referring more questions on WikiLeaks to the Justice Department. “What I can say broadly in this new cyber age, we’re going to have to continually work to find the right balance of accountability and openness and transparency that is the hallmark of our democracy, but also recognize that there are adversaries and bad actors out there who want to use that same openness in ways that hurt us,” Obama said. Barry Pollack, a U.S.-based lawyer for Assange, said in an email Wednesday that Obama’s commutation of Manning fell “well short” of what Assange sought because he had called for her “to receive clemency and be released immediately.” A U.S. official said the Justice Department was  investigating “civilian” individuals associated with the leaking of government secrets via WikiLeaks. “The Department of Justice is conducting an investigation and it remains ongoing. I am not able to provide any further information,” said Joshua Stueve, a spokesman for the U.S. Attorney’s office in Alexandria, Virginia. WikiLeaks returned to prominence during the 2016 U.S. presidential election, publishing hacked emails stolen from the Democratic National Committee and the accounts of senior Democrats.  U.S. intelligence agencies have concluded that Russian intelligence agencies were responsible for the hacks and that they were carried out as part of a campaign by Moscow to help Republican Donald Trump win and discredit Democrat Hillary Clinton. Obama said the intelligence agencies were not conclusive in their assessment of the hacks “whether WikiLeaks was witting or not in being a conduit” for Russia’s efforts to use cyber attacks to influence the election. Assange has said the Russian government was not the source of the emails. Manning, formerly known as U.S. Army Private First Class Bradley Manning, was born male but revealed after being convicted of espionage that she identifies as a woman. The White House said on Tuesday that her sentence would end on May 17 this year. Manning twice tried to kill herself last year and has struggled to cope as a transgender woman in the Fort Leavenworth, Kansas, men’s military prison. Her case became a rallying cause for civil liberties advocates who saw the punishment as too severe and an attempt to chill whistleblowers from speaking up about government misdeeds. ",1
6237,EPA nominee will review vehicle emissions rules,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt, U.S. President-elect Donald Trump’s choice to lead the Environmental Protection Agency, said on Wednesday he will review the Obama administration’s recent decision to lock in fuel efficiency rules. On Friday, outgoing EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy finalized a determination that the landmark fuel efficiency rules instituted by President Barack Obama should be locked in through 2025, a bid to maintain a key part of his administration’s climate legacy. “It merits review and I would review that,” Pruitt said during a contentious Senate confirmation hearing, questioning the decision of McCarthy to finalize the determination just two weeks after the public comment period closed on Dec. 30.  Pruitt said separately he would not commit to allowing California to continue its own clean vehicle rules under a 2009 decision by the Obama administration. Major U.S. and foreign automakers have appealed to Trump, who has been critical of Obama’s climate policies, to review the rules requiring them to nearly double fleet-wide fuel efficiency by 2025, saying they impose significant costs and are out of step with consumer preferences. As part of a 2012 regulation, EPA had to decide by April 2018 whether to modify the 2022-2025 model year vehicle emission rules requiring average fleet-wide efficiency of more than 50 miles per gallon. In 2011, Obama announced an agreement with major automakers to raise fuel efficiency standards to 54.5 miles per gallon. This, the administration said, would save motorists $1.7 trillion in fuel costs over the life of the vehicles, but cost the auto industry about $200 billion over 13 years.     The EPA said in July that because Americans were buying fewer cars and more SUVs and trucks, it estimated the fleet will average 50.8 mpg to 52.6 mpg in 2025. In November, the agency moved up the timetable for proposing that automakers can meet the 2025 standards. McCarthy said her determination, a legally binding decision to maintain the fuel efficiency rules, rested on an extensive technical record. She said the rules are “feasible, practical and appropriate” and in “the best interests of the auto industry.” Senator James Inhofe, an Oklahoma Republican, on Wednesday said McCarthy’s determination was an “extreme action” that “broke the deal” with automakers. Legal experts have said it will be more difficult for the Trump administration and Congress to undo the determination than to unwind other regulatory actions issued by the Obama administration during its final months in office. The 2025 determination is not a new regulation, so the EPA under Trump would likely have to go through an extensive process before withdrawing it and could face lawsuits from environmental groups if that step was taken. Separately. California’s new Democrat Senator Kamala Harris asked Pruitt whether he would commit to upholding the California waiver. Pruitt did not say outright that he would uphold the waiver, which allows California to pursue its own emission standards that are more stringent than the federal rules. ",1
6238,U.S. Supreme Court justices fret over offensive trademarks,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Supreme Court justices walked a tightrope on Wednesday over government approval of offensive trademarks, expressing concern about endorsing racial slurs in brands and slogans while also worrying about protecting only positive words. The eight justices heard arguments in a case involving a Portland, Oregon-based Asian-American dance-rock band called The Slants that was denied a trademark on their name because the government deemed it offensive to people of Asian descent. The band challenged the rejection as violating free speech rights. The case, one of the most closely watched of the court’s current term, could impact another high-profile dispute over the government’s cancellation of the trademarks of the Washington Redskins of the National Football League for disparaging Native Americans. The band’s attorney, John Connell, told the justices the government cannot use trademark law to impose burdens on free speech to protect listeners from offense. “There was no suggestion that this was a politeness statute,” Connell told the justices. The Obama administration appealed after a lower court agreed with the band that part of the 1946 law governing federal trademarks that barred those that may disparage certain people ran afoul of the U.S. Constitution’s guarantee of free speech. Justice Sonia Sotomayor said no one is stopping the band from calling and advertising themselves as The Slants.  “You are asking the government to endorse your name” in a way that the government chooses not to do, Sotomayor said. The band’s legal dispute began when the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office refused to grant trademark protection for The Slants’ name in 2013. Some consider it a racial slur referring to Asian people’s eyes. The court’s ruling could set parameters for trademark registration, which can help protect product and company names and commercial slogans in court and block the import and sale of counterfeit goods. Justice Anthony Kennedy asked the band’s attorney, John Connell, whether a group of non-Asians using the name The Slants to mock Asians could be denied a trademark. Connell said they could not.  Kennedy questioned whether the trademark system should be considered like a public park “where you can say anything you want.” The justices seemed to agree with the band that the government was favoring some trademarks while disapproving others, a kind of discrimination based on viewpoint traditionally forbidden by the First Amendment. Justice Elena Kagan said that if the government granted trademarks only for positive messages like “all politicians are virtuous” and not negative ones like “all politicians are corrupt,” that would be a “fairly classic case of viewpoint discrimination.” While rejecting The Slants for a trademark, the government has registered other potentially offensive trademarks such as “Baked By a Negro” baked goods, “Retardipedia” and “Boobs as Beer Holders” adult videos, according to court papers. The justices appeared to struggle over whether banning offensive slurs is reasonable in the trademark system, which is used to promote commerce and identify where products come from. The Slants’ frontman Simon Tam appealed the government’s trademark rejection, saying the name was chosen as a way to reclaim the term and wear it as a “badge of pride.” The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit in Washington ruled in 2015 that the disparagement provision of the 1946 Lanham Act was unconstitutional. The government should not be required to approve trademarks “containing crude references to women based on parts of their anatomy; the most repellent racial slurs and white-supremacist slogans; and demeaning illustrations of the prophet Mohammed and other religious figures,” the Obama administration said in a written brief to the Supreme Court.  Several justices wondered how to avoid problems of slander or libel if offensive trademarks can never be rejected. Referring to President-elect Donald Trump, Sotomayor offered the example of someone trademarking the words “Trump is a thief.”  Even if a court considered that to be slander, the trademark could still be used because it would be protected by the First Amendment, she said. “That makes no sense,” Sotomayor said.  Justice Stephen Breyer said the trademark law is not meant to provoke people into arguments, which officially registering insults and slurs would do.  A decision in is expected by the end of June.  In the separate Redskins’ case, a trademark board in 2014 canceled the team’s six trademarks at the request of Native American activists on grounds that the team name disparaged Native Americans. The team’s appeal, also on free speech grounds, is on hold in the 4th Circuit Court of Appeals in Richmond, Virginia, pending the outcome of The Slants’ case.  The case is in the Supreme Court of the United States is Michelle K. Lee v. Simon Shiao Tam, No. 15-1293. ",1
6239,"Obama says new ties with Cuba made 'wet-foot, dry-foot' policy obsolete","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama said on Wednesday he decided to eliminate the so-called “wet-foot, dry-foot” policy for Cuban immigrants because it no longer made since given growing U.S. engagement with Havana and the opening of travel between the two countries. The White House announced the policy change last week. It had enabled Cubans who fled to the United States to pursue residency if they reached the mainland, but not if they were picked up at sea before reaching land. ",1
6240,Senate panel overwhelmingly approves Trump Pentagon pick,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate Armed Services Committee voted overwhelmingly on Wednesday to recommend President-elect Donald Trump’s pick for Secretary of Defense, retired Marine General James Mattis. The committee voted 26-1 to back Mattis’ nomination when it is received by the full Senate from Trump after he is sworn in as president. As a result, Mattis’ nomination will be sent directly to the Senate for a vote without referral to the committee. The identity of the senator who voted against Mattis was not immediately available. Congress cleared the way for Mattis’ quick confirmation last week by backing a waiver that would allow him to lead the Pentagon despite retiring from active duty as a Marine general only in 2013. The 66-year-old Mattis, who is highly respected by many fellow Marines, retired 3-1/2 years ago after more than four decades of military service. The 1947 National Security Act requires a seven-year gap between active duty military service and the Cabinet position. Trump’s fellow Republicans in Congress and Democrats have both heaped praise on Mattis since his nomination was announced.  ",1
6241,Ex-president George H.W. Bush moved to intensive care; wife hospitalized,"(Reuters) - Former U.S. President George H.W. Bush has been moved to an intensive-care unit at a Houston hospital with pneumonia and was stable and resting comfortably after doctors performed a procedure to clear his airway, his office said on Wednesday. His wife of 72 years, former first lady Barbara Bush, also was admitted to the same hospital on Wednesday as a precaution after experiencing fatigue and coughing, the office said in a statement. Bush, who at 92 is the nation’s oldest living ex-president, has been at Houston Methodist Hospital since Saturday after experiencing shortness of breath, family spokesman Jim McGrath said on Wednesday. Since then, Bush experienced an “acute respiratory problem stemming from pneumonia” and was sedated for the unspecified procedure, his office said. He will remain in the hospital’s intensive-care unit for observation, his office said. Bush and the 91-year-old former first lady marked their 72nd anniversary on Jan. 6. At a White House news conference, President Barack Obama said that the Bushes have been a constant source of friendship and good counsel to him and to first lady Michelle Obama.  “They are as fine a couple as we know, and so we want to send our prayers and our love to them,” Obama said.  Bush is the father of former President George W. Bush and former Florida Governor Jeb Bush, who sought the 2016 Republican presidential nomination. The eldest Bush, a Republican like his sons, was vice president during Ronald Reagan’s two White House terms before being elected president in 1988. He lost his re-election bid to Bill Clinton, then the Democratic governor of Arkansas, in 1992. A naval pilot during World War Two, Bush became an occasional skydiver after leaving the presidency and marked his 90th birthday by parachuting from a helicopter with jump partner. He has used a wheelchair in recent years and was hospitalized twice in 2014, once for seven weeks with pneumonia and again for breathing difficulties. In July 2015, he broke a bone in his neck in a fall at the family home in Maine. Bush and his wife were already planning to miss President-elect Donald Trump’s inauguration on Friday due to health reasons. “My doctor says if I sit outside in January, it likely will put me six feet under,” Bush wrote to Trump on Jan. 10, according to a copy of the letter released on Wednesday. “Same for Barbara. So I guess we’re stuck in Texas.” Trump was critical of George W. and Jeb during the 2016 presidential campaign, and their father did not endorse Trump in his race against Democrat Hillary Clinton. But in his letter, Bush said he and his wife would be with Trump in spirit at the inauguration and wished him “the very best as you begin this incredible journey of leading our great country.” Republican Senator John McCain and the Carter Center, founded by former President Jimmy Carter, posted tweets wishing Bush a quick recovery. In December Bush marked the 75th commemoration of Japan’s attack on Pearl Harbor by attending a ceremony at his library at Texas A&M University. ",1
6242,Ex-president George H.W. Bush moved to intensive care; wife hospitalized,"(Reuters) - Former U.S. President George H.W. Bush has been moved to an intensive-care unit at a Houston hospital with pneumonia and was resting comfortably after doctors performed a procedure to clear his airway, his office said in a statement on Wednesday. His wife, former first lady Barbara Bush, also was admitted to the same hospital on Wednesday as a precaution after experiencing fatigue and coughing, the office said.  ",1
6243,"Trump EPA pick says backs biofuels program, but open to tweaks","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt, President-elect Donald Trump’s choice to lead the Environmental Protection Agency, said on Wednesday he would honor the intent of the U.S. biofuels program, but remained open to tweaking it. The Renewable Fuel Standard requires the EPA set annual quotas for the use of ethanol and biodiesel in transportation fuels. More than a decade old, the standard is fiercely defended by the U.S. corn industry that provides most of the ethanol, but it has been a source of frustration for oil refiners. They say the goals are unrealistic without an overhaul in automobiles and infrastructure, and are calling for changes.  Pruitt said during his confirmation hearing on Wednesday that he was committed to Congress’ plan, laid out in 2007, to annually increase the amount of ethanol and other renewables blended with petroleum fuels. He said the waivers that EPA has already used to set requirements below those targets to accommodate market conditions should be used “judiciously”. He explained his view that the EPA should not use those waivers to “undermine commitments” from Congress but that they are needed in some cases, including when there is lower-than-expected fuel demand. The comments quelled some concerns from within the industry over the nominee, who as Oklahoma’s attorney general had described the program as “flawed” and “unworkable.” Renewable Fuels Association Chief Executive Officer and President Bob Dinneen described Pruitt’s comments as “heartening” in a statement. While generally supportive of program, Pruitt said it was too soon to say whether it needed to be altered. Oil refiners including HollyFrontier Corp and Delta Air Lines Inc’s  Monroe Energy have requested that the responsibility of blending renewables like ethanol into their fuel be shifted from them to companies further down the supply chain.  The EPA moved to deny the request, but is seeking public comment on the decision. When asked about the idea, Pruitt said he did not want to “pre-judge” the outcome of the comment period. Trump has separately tapped billionaire and RFS critic Carl Icahn as a special advisor on regulations, raising industry speculation that the incoming administration will be more likely to consider the change. Pruitt is one of several of Trump’s senior Cabinet picks to face Senate hearings since last week. ",1
6244,Better to review Iran deal than withdraw from it: Trump U.N. pick Haley,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - It would be better for the United States to carefully review the 2015 Iran nuclear deal rather than unilaterally withdraw from it, Nikki Haley, U.S. President-elect Donald Trump’s nominee for ambassador to the United Nations, said on Wednesday. “I think what would be more beneficial at this point is that we look at all the details of the Iran deal, we see if they (the Iranians) are actually in compliance. If we find that there are violations that we act on those violations,” Haley told lawmakers at her Senate confirmation hearing. ",1
6245,Trump spokesman to brief press on Thursday,"(Reuters) - Donald Trump’s spokesman said his team will brief the media on Thursday in Washington, one day before the Republican U.S. president-elect is sworn into office on Friday. Sean Spicer, speaking to reporters in a daily conference call on Wednesday, said: “Tomorrow, we’re holding a press conference here at 9:15”  a.m. Eastern Time (1415 GMT), but it was not expected to feature the president-elect. ",1
6246,United States and Cuba complete deals as Trump era set to begin,"HAVANA (Reuters) - The Obama administration and Cuba continue to sign cooperation agreements this week, scrambling to complete negotiations on a range of issues with just days to go until Donald Trump is sworn in as U.S. president, potentially bringing a chill to relations.  An agreement to cooperate on air and maritime search and rescue in the Florida Straits was signed on Wednesday in Havana, and another setting territorial limits in contested Gulf of Mexico waters was scheduled for signing on Wednesday or Thursday, according to diplomatic sources.  A third agreement on health protocols for dealing with issues such as bird flu was scheduled for signing on Wednesday, but postponed for later this week. It would be the last of 22 accords that have been concluded in the last 18 months. Seeking to reverse more than 50 years of U.S. efforts to force Communist-run Cuba to change by isolating it, Democratic President Barack Obama agreed with Cuban President Raul Castro in December 2014 to work to normalize relations. Since then the two countries have restored diplomatic relations and Obama has taken a number of steps to increase travel and trade with Cuba. Trump, a Republican who will be sworn in on Friday, has threatened to end the detente if Cuba does not make further political and other concessions, although he has not specified what these should be. The prospect of a fresh chill has prompted both governments to wrap up negotiations on five agreements since the November election, including one on fighting international crime and another on preventing and containing oil spills.  The Obama administration last week ended a 21-year-old special arrangement by which all Cubans arriving in the United States, including without visas, were entitled to stay and seek residency. The policy had long been criticized by the Cuban government.  John Kavulich, president of the U.S.-Cuba Trade and Economic Council which has followed business ties between the two countries for two decades, noted that while there had been a large array of recent agreements and memorandums of understanding, not all were binding treaties. “The commercial, economic and political bilateral relationship between the United States and Cuba remains tentative, fragile, and immensely subject to the impact of winds from the north and winds from the south,” Kavulich said. The Trump transition team has included five Cuban-Americans who are vocal opponents of detente and who have close ties to Cuban-American lawmakers calling for a return to efforts to isolate Cuba. A number of Trump appointees, including his  national security advisor, Michael Flynn, have expressed opposition to the effort to normalize relations. Obama has used executive orders, which can be scrapped by Trump, to circumvent the longstanding U.S. trade embargo on Cuba and ease some restrictions on travel and business. The embargo can be lifted only by the U.S. Congress, which is controlled by Republicans. (This story corrects paragraph 8 to say that not all the deals were binding treaties, rather than none of the deals) ",1
6247,"Cuomo says he discussed Obamacare, tax deductions with Trump","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - New York Governor Andrew Cuomo said on Wednesday he discussed the dramatic impact that some budget proposals being considered in Washington would have on New Yorkers, including a repeal of Obamacare and a proposal to end deductions for state and local taxes. “A proposal that’s being discussed that would end the deductibility of state and local taxes, for example, which would be devastating for New York, California etc,” Cuomo said after meeting the Republican president-elect. Ending the Affordable Care Act, he said, would leave 3 million New Yorkers without health insurance. ",1
6248,"U.S. must fight back vs. Russia, others who meddle in elections: Trump U.N. pick","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States should fight back against Russia or any nation that seeks to interfere in U.S. elections, Nikki Haley, President-elect Donald Trump’s nominee for U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, said on Wednesday. “We should stand up to any country that attempts to interfere with our system,” she told lawmakers. Asked what would be her message to Moscow on Russian efforts to interfere in the 2016 U.S. election, she said: “That we are aware that it has happened. That we don’t find it acceptable and that we are going to fight back every time we see something like that happening.” ",1
6249,Trump to take handful of executive actions on Day One: transition,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump may take four or five executive actions on Friday, the day he is sworn into office, spokesman Sean Spicer said. “He’s got a few of them probably in the area of four or five that we’re looking at for Friday,” some of them logistical, Spicer said Wednesday at a news briefing. “Then there are some other ones that I expect him to sign with respect to a couple of issues that have been high on his priority list.”  Spicer did not elaborate. Trump had promised to take  executive actions immediately after taking office to counter some of the policies of Democratic President Barack Obama.  ",1
6250,"U.S. cannot trust Russia, Trump nominee for envoy to U.N. says","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States cannot trust Russia and must see “positive actions” by Russia before easing U.S. sanctions, Nikki Haley, U.S. President-elect Donald Trump’s nominee to be U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, said on Wednesday. “Russia is trying to show their muscle right now. It is what they do. And I think we always have to be cautious. I don’t think that we can trust them,” Haley told lawmakers during her Senate confirmation hearing. “I think that Russia has to have positive actions before we lift any sanctions on Russia.” ",1
6251,"Hands off EU, Trump; we don't back Ohio secession: Juncker","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Donald Trump should lay off talking about the break-up of the European Union, the bloc’s chief executive said on Wednesday, pointing out that Europeans do not push for Ohio to secede from the United States. In pointed remarks on the eve of Trump’s inauguration as U.S. president, Jean-Claude Juncker said the new administration would realize it should not damage transatlantic relations but added it remained unclear what policies Trump would now pursue. Juncker told Germany’s BR television, according to a transcript from the Munich station, that he was sure no EU state wanted to follow Britain’s example and leave the bloc, despite Trump’s forecast this week that others would quit:  “Mr. Trump should also not be indirectly encouraging them to do that,” Juncker said. “We don’t go around calling on Ohio to pull out of the United States.” Juncker, the president of the European Commission, said he had yet to speak to Trump — contrary to what the President-elect said earlier this week. Juncker said Trump had confused him with European Council President Donald Tusk. “Trump spoke to Mr. Tusk and mixed us up,” said Juncker, taking a jab at the American billionaire’s grasp of his new role. “That’s the thing about international politics,” he said. “It’s all in the detail.” ",1
6252,UK's Johnson raises hackles over WW2 'punishment beatings' jibe at Hollande,"NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Just as British ministers were hoping to win EU leaders’ support for their newly revealed Brexit plan, Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson raised hackles by comparing any attempt to punish Britain to a World War Two escape movie. He was visiting New Delhi a day after Prime Minister Theresa May laid out the case for a “hard Brexit.” The wartime comment came as he answered a question on remarks made earlier by an aide to French President Francois Hollande who said Britain should not expect a better trading relationship with Europe once it had left. “If Monsieur Hollande wants to administer punishment beatings that anyone chooses to escape, rather in the manner of some World War Two movie, then I don’t think that’s the way forward,” Johnson answered. He was swiftly condemned by the European Parliament’s chief Brexit negotiator Guy Verhofstadt who said on Twitter: “Yet more abhorrent & deeply unhelpful comments from @BorisJohnson which PM May should condemn.” But May’s spokeswoman played down the incident. “The Foreign Secretary was making a point about the risks of people approaching this in a punitive way. I certainly don’t accept the interpretation that some have put on it,” she said. “He was making a theatrical comparison to some of those evocative World War movies that people have seen. He was in no way suggesting that anyone was a Nazi.” In his prepared remarks to the Raisina Dialogue, a geopolitical conference hosted by the Indian foreign ministry and the Observer Research Foundation, Johnson, 52, said Britain should embrace free trade not only with Europe but with the wider world. Free trade would help to create jobs for those who see their livelihoods threatened, many of whom voted for Brexit, while vast wealth accrues to a tiny but powerful global elite. “They fear that they may be the first generation not to be overtaken in prosperity by their children,” he said. “I don’t think these people should be patronized or dismissed.” London, the British capital of which he was previously mayor, would not lose its status as a global financial center even outside the EU, he added. Johnson endorsed Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s call for tension in the South China Sea to be addressed under a rules-based order and said Britain stood with India in its fight against terrorism. But, complaining of the 150 percent import tariff India charges on Scotch whisky, he said it was time for Britain and Asia’s third-largest economy to strike a free trade deal. ",1
6253,Democrats blast Trump's pick for Education Secretary," (Corrects in 6th paragraph to clarify rules) By Lisa Lambert WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democrats sliced holes in billionaire Betsy DeVos’ credentials to be the next U.S. Education Secretary at a confirmation hearing on Tuesday, raising doubts whether President-elect Donald Trump’s pick will win approval in the full Senate. The nomination of DeVos to head an agency that sets policy for younger children and universities and also administers a college financial aid program of $1 trillion has outraged Democrats who believe the Michigan Republican wants to dismantle public education.  Teachers unions, a major constituency for the party, roundly oppose DeVos, a philanthropist and investor. “Do you think if you were not a multi-billionaire, if your family had not made hundreds of millions of dollars in contributions to the Republican party, that you would be sitting here today?” asked Independent Bernie Sanders of Vermont, who recently ran to be the Democrats’ presidential nominee.  Democratic Senators have made their opposition clear in recent days in letters, speeches and most notably at the hearing.  Next Tuesday, the Education Committee will likely approve sending her name to the full chamber when it votes in an executive session next Tuesday. Then, Democrats could attempt to block the nomination on the Senate floor. Because nominations other than those for the Supreme Court only require a simple majority vote, they will not be able to use a filibuster and would have to convince Republicans to join them in voting against the nomination. Former Senator Joe Lieberman, Democrats’ candidate for vice president in 2000, gave DeVos a laudatory introduction at the hearing, but other party members were wide-ranging in their  criticism. Minnesota’s Al Franken expressed surprise DeVos was unfamiliar with a hot education debate over measuring student achievement by proficiency or by growth. Connecticut’s Chris Murphy was dismayed when DeVos did not condemn guns in schools.  Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts, an advocate of tough financial regulation, asked whether DeVos or her children had attended public schools, borrowed student loans or received federal financial help known as Pell grants. “You have no experience with financial aid,” Warren summed up when DeVos answered “no.” Many were dismayed DeVos would not pledge to carry out rules on sexual assault, for-profit colleges and fair access for students with disabilities, only saying she would review the policies.  Generally, Democrats pressed on how DeVos will manage her investments and companies in the education sector, including an on-line charter school, while serving as the most powerful public figure in the area.  They also asked repeatedly if she intended to divert money to charter schools that operate independently of school districts and are frequently run by corporations and if she would undermine public schools. “I have major concerns with how you have spent your career and fortune fighting to privatize public education and gut investments in public schools,” said Washington’s Patty Murray, the committee’s senior Democrat. DeVos scrambled to reassure them she supports taxpayer-backed education. She also said she will work to give parents choices in the schools their children attend, treat all students equally and respect states’ decisions on education. The hearing, which was delayed from last week over missing financial disclosures, began at 5 p.m. (EST). Committee Chairman Lamar Alexander only allotted each member five minutes for questions. Democrats called foul, saying that because DeVos has not finished requisite ethics paperwork they are in the dark on issues and need more time. Alexander said the Office of Government Ethics will produce by Friday a letter outlining resolutions for her potential conflicts of interest. Committee Republicans universally backed DeVos, applauding her support of vouchers that families may use to pay for private education and of charter schools.  They praised her history with The Potter’s House, which provides “Christ-centered” education, and spoke of her dedication to literacy. ",1
6254,Germany to reach out to Trump government to keep good ties: Merkel advisor,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany wants to reach out to the future U.S. administration under President-elect Donald Trump to safeguard essential trans-Atlantic relations, Chancellor Angela Merkel’s foreign policy advisor Christoph Heusgen said on Wednesday. Speaking to lawmakers in Merkel’s conservative party, Heusgen also said Germany would have to shoulder more international responsibilities in future.  He said Germany would steadily increase military spending towards the NATO goal of 2 percent of gross domestic product.   Earlier, Merkel said there would be contacts at all levels with the United States in the run up to meetings of the Group of 20 this year of which Germany is the chair. ",1
6255,Trump's protectionist policies top risk to U.S. economy in 2017: Reuters poll,"(Reuters) - The top risk to U.S. growth would come if U.S. President-elect Donald Trump keeps his protectionist promises, according to a Reuters poll that shows economists have not joined in the market exuberance since the shock November vote. For most of his campaign and after the election, Trump vowed to make sweeping changes to U.S. trade and immigration policy, threatened to impose steep tariffs on Chinese imports and proposed hefty tax cuts. While financial markets have retreated in the past week and hopes of a sudden spurt in inflation have faded, U.S. 10-year Treasury yields are still up more than 25 percent since Election Day, and stocks have hit record highs. Still, more than two-thirds of the 70 respondents to the question in the Reuters survey taken over the past week said Trump’s protectionist policies were the biggest threat to the world’s largest economy this year. “There is no question that near the top of the list of downside risks is the potential for more follow-through on the anti-free trade rhetoric,” said Jim O’Sullivan of High Frequency Economics. “I am kind of assuming that the (incoming) administration will be practical on this,” said O’Sullivan, the top forecaster of U.S. economic data in Reuters polls for 2016, the second year in a row he achieved that distinction. The strong dollar, which hit a 14-year high early this month and is up close to 6 percent since Trump was elected, poses an additional near-term risk.  Worries around the globe over Trump’s confrontational style and a strengthening dollar are likely to be key themes among political and business leaders at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, this week. Sweeping tax cuts for businesses and individuals, and the prospect of some infrastructure spending, have also not brightened prospects for U.S. economic growth, which Trump has said he aimed to boost to 3.5 percent. More than 80 percent of respondents said “no” when asked if now was the right time for such aggressive tax cuts, with the economy close to full employment. The unemployment rate was 4.7 percent in December. The latest poll estimated growth slowed to 2.2 percent in the fourth quarter from 3.5 percent in the third quarter. Through 2017, economists predicted the economy would expand at an annual rate of 2.1 percent to 2.5 percent each quarter, just 0.1 percentage point higher than the previous estimate. The full-year median was 2.3 percent. The most optimistic growth forecast for any point in 2017 was 4.1 percent, far short of the post-financial crisis peak of 5.6 percent hit in the fourth quarter of 2009. “Obviously people have been assuming the growth-sapping parts (protectionist measures) are not followed through, but they may have run ahead of themselves in predicting how much stimulus will be enacted and how much growth will be boosted,” said O’Sullivan, who was also the most optimistic on growth among the top forecasters. A little fewer than one-third of the respondents, including three of the top 10 U.S. economy forecasters in Reuters polls last year, upgraded their 2017 growth outlooks in the latest poll. Many of them, like O’Sullivan, said it was mainly on the assumption Trump would not follow through on his restrictive trade agenda and instead focus on boosting growth through fiscal measures. While those projected growth rates may be considered healthy for the economy at such a late stage of the recovery cycle, they could do little to boost inflation much beyond the Federal Reserve’s 2 percent target. Inflation pressure is more likely to come from a round of retaliatory tariffs if Trump’s protectionist agenda becomes a global reality. Even though pay growth is forecast to average 3.0 percent this year, up from 2.8 percent in December’s poll, the Fed’s preferred gauge of inflation, the Core PCE Price Index, will probably average 1.8 percent in 2017 and 2.0 percent in 2018, unchanged from the last poll. Fed policymakers recently warned that with the economy close to full employment, an expansive fiscal policy could lead to faster rate hikes than currently priced in, pushing the U.S. dollar higher. “If the unemployment rate falls some more, it is going to add to upward pressure on wages and inflation and reinforce the case for Fed tightening,” O’Sullivan said. The wider poll of over 100 economists, including 17 large banks that transact directly with the Fed, showed rates would remain unchanged at 0.50 percent to 0.75 percent until the second quarter, when a 25-basis-point hike is likely. A follow-up increase is expected in the fourth quarter, taking the Fed funds rate to a range of 1.00 percent to 1.25 percent. Fourteen economists, however, forecast a hike by March. (For other stories from the poll) ",1
6256,Potentially nasty fight looms over Trump U.S. Supreme Court pick,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Senate Democrats are gearing up for a potentially ugly fight over Donald Trump’s U.S. Supreme Court pick, with some liberal activists urging them to do everything possible to block any nominee from the Republican president-elect. Democrats are still seething over the Republican-led Senate’s decision last year to refuse to consider outgoing President Barack Obama’s nomination of appeals court judge Merrick Garland for a lifetime post on the court. The action had little precedent in U.S. history and prompted some Democrats to accuse Republicans of stealing a Supreme Court seat. Trump last week vowed to announce his appointment within about two weeks of taking office on Friday. He said he would pick from among 20 candidates suggested by conservative legal groups to fill the lingering vacancy caused by the death of conservative Justice Antonin Scalia last Feb. 13. Scalia’s replacement could tilt the ideological leaning of the court for years to come, restoring the long-standing conservative majority that disappeared with Scalia’s death just at a time when it appeared liberals would get an upper hand on the bench. Liberal groups are gearing up for a battle, with the People For the American Way calling the judges on Trump’s list of candidates “very extreme.”  “We’re hearing from Senate Democrats and parallel concern among outside groups that this is going to be a major fight,” said Marge Baker, the group’s executive vice president. “We’ll be arguing that Democrats use every means at their disposal to defeat the nominee. This is going to be ‘all hands on deck,’ using all means at our disposal.” Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer has said it is hard for him to imagine Trump picking a nominee who Democrats could support, and said he would “absolutely” fight to keep the seat vacant rather than let the Senate confirm a Trump nominee deemed to be outside the mainstream. “We are not going to make it easy for them to pick a Supreme Court justice,” Schumer told MSNBC on Jan. 3, adding that if the Republicans “don’t appoint someone who’s really good, we’re going to oppose them tooth and nail.” Senate Democrats may be in a position to hold up Trump’s selection indefinitely. Senate rules require 60 votes in the 100-seat chamber to overcome a procedural hurdle called a filibuster on Supreme Court nominees. There are 52 Republican senators. Assuming all 52 back Trump’s nominee, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell either would need to lure eight Democrats to his side or change the rules and ban the filibuster for Supreme Court nominations. Republicans, then in the minority, complained that their rights had been trampled when Senate Democrats in 2013 voted to eliminate the filibuster for executive branch and judicial nominees beyond the Supreme Court. Baker said liberals cannot hold their fire for fear that Republicans will use this so-called nuclear option, adding, “At some point you don’t game this out. You say, ‘This is a fight.’” Other liberal groups urged a more conciliatory approach. “We’re not predisposed to opposition here,” said Kristen Clarke, president of the Lawyers’ Committee for Civil Rights Under Law. Any nominee will be evaluated, Clarke said, adding that the group is girding for a nominee who is hostile to civil rights. Trump’s nominee could influence the court on a wide range of issues including abortion, the death penalty, religious rights, presidential powers, gay and transgender rights, federal regulations and others. Political considerations also hang over the confirmation fight. Democrats and the two independents aligned with them in the Senate will be defending 25 seats in the 2018 elections, while Republicans defend only eight. Many of those Democratic seats are in Republican-leaning states Trump won in the Nov. 8 election, including West Virginia, Missouri, North Dakota, Indiana, Montana, Michigan and Ohio. Republicans likely will target these and other Democrats in hopes of coaxing them into backing Trump’s nominee. That means Democratic senators such as West Virginia’s Joe Manchin, Indiana’s Joe Donnelly and Missouri’s Claire McCaskill could face extra pressure not to block Trump’s Supreme Court nominee. The liberal groups are facing off with well-funded conservative adversaries. The Judicial Crisis Network, for instance, has said it will spend at least $10 million on advertising and grassroots efforts to pressure Senate Democrats to back Trump’s nominee.  Carrie Severino, the group’s chief counsel, said it would be hypocritical for Democrats to block a vote after arguing the Constitution required the Senate to act on Garland. “A lot of them (Democrats) spent the last nine months saying there is a constitutional duty to have a vote. I’d find it shocking if they would not carry out what they think their duty is,” Severino said. Nan Aron, president of the liberal Alliance for Justice, said the high level of interest the vacancy has generated among activists, lawyers, students and others makes up for the deep pockets of the other side. “I don’t think we’ll need $10 million given the outcry expressed already,” Aron said. ",1
6257,China urges U.S. to bar Taiwan delegation from Trump inauguration,"BEIJING/TAIPEI (Reuters) - The United States should not allow a delegation from Taiwan to attend U.S. President-elect Donald Trump’s inauguration, China’s Foreign Ministry said on Wednesday, raising a new bone of contention in Beijing’s relations with the incoming government. Trump broke with decades of precedent last month by taking a congratulatory telephone call from Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen, and he has also said the “One China” policy was up for negotiation, a position Beijing strongly rejected. A Taiwan delegation, led by former premier and ex-ruling party leader Yu Shyi-kun, and including a Taiwan national security adviser and some lawmakers, will attend Friday’s inauguration, Taiwan’s Foreign Ministry said this week.  It is typical for Taiwan to send a delegation to U.S. presidential inaugurations.   A spokesman for Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen’s office said no meetings were scheduled with the new Trump administration while the delegation was there for the event. China considers Taiwan a breakaway province, with no right to have any kind of diplomatic relations with other countries. Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said China was opposed to Taiwan using any excuse to send people to the United States to “engage in activities to interfere in or damage China-U.S. ties”. “We again urge the relevant side in the United States not to allow the Taiwan authority to send a so-called delegation to the United States to attend the presidential inauguration and not have any form of official contact with Taiwan,” Hua told a regular news briefing. “China’s position has already accurately and unmistakably been given to the U.S. administration and Trump’s team.” China’s ambassador to the United States, Cui Tiankai, will attend the inauguration on its behalf, she added. Defeated Nationalist forces fled to Taiwan in 1949 after losing a civil war with the Communists.  China has never renounced the use of force to bring Taiwan under its control, and proudly democratic Taiwan has shown no interest in wanting to be run by Beijing. China is deeply suspicious of Taiwan’s Tsai, whom it suspects of wanting to push for the island’s formal independence, a red line for China.  Tsai, who visited the U.S. this month while traveling to and from Central America, says she wants to maintain peace with China. The administration of President Barack Obama has repeatedly reinforced the U.S. commitment to the “one China” policy, under which Washington acknowledges China’s position of sovereignty over Taiwan, since Trump’s call with the Taiwanese leader. Trump is to be sworn into office on Friday. ",1
6258,"Scaramucci's SkyBridge sells itself, investment team to stay put","BOSTON/BEIJING (Reuters) - The hedge fund investment firm founded by Anthony Scaramucci said it will sell a majority of itself to RON Transatlantic EG and an arm of Chinese aviation and tourism conglomerate HNA Group, four days after Scaramucci took a position in President-elect Donald Trump’s administration. SkyBridge Capital announced the deal on Tuesday. Terms of the sale, which is expected to close in the second quarter of 2017, were not disclosed. For HNA Group, which announced about $20 billion of deals in 2016 alone, the stake purchase through its financial arm HNA Capital represents the latest move into financial asset management. Last week, HNA said it would spend $460 million to purchase New Zealand asset finance firm UDC.  “Our investment in SkyBridge is an important step in HNA Capital’s strategy to build a global asset management business,” Guang Yang, CEO for HNA Capital U.S., said in a statement.  The deal comes as HNA Group is rapidly expanding in the United States, where authorities have stepped up scrutiny of Chinese state-backed deals.  HNA Group, best known as the owner of Hainan Airlines Co, announced in October that it will fork out $6.5 billion to purchase a 26 percent stake in hotel chain Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc. HNA’s Avolon Holdings also agreed that month to buy CIT Group’s aircraft leasing assets worth $10 billion. The $12 billion SkyBridge’s investment management team, lead by Ray Nolte, will continue to run the company, offering clients access to hedge funds such as Daniel Loeb’s Third Point, Michael Vranos’ Ellington Management Group and Steven Tananbaum’s GoldenTree Asset Management LP. Scaramucci, who founded SkyBridge in 2005 and joined forces with Nolte five years later when he bought Citigroup Alternative Investments Hedge Fund Management Group, will no longer be affiliated with the firm or its well-known industry conference, the SkyBridge Alternatives Conference. Known on Wall Street as the “Mooch”, Scaramucci announced on Friday that he would be joining the White House staff as an adviser and public liaison to government agencies and businesses. Word spread among bankers in mid-December that he had put the company up for sale as he was setting his sights on a position in Washington. HNA Capital (U.S.), a unit of HNA Capital, and RON Transatlantic already owned a minority stake in SkyBridge. Between the two, the new majority owners are involved in beer brewing, tourism, logistics and financial services.  “Now, together with the world-class resources and networks of HNA and Transatlantic, we feel the ‘sky’ is the limit for how far we can take SkyBridge,” George Hornig, Chief Executive of RON Transatlantic Financial Holdings, said in the statement.     The SkyBridge Alternatives Conference, called SALT, grew into one of the industry’s biggest hedge fund conferences as Scaramucci got former U.S. presidents, generals and money managers, along with thousands of others to join him for days of lectures and sunning by the pool in Las Vegas. The conference will be spun off as a standalone entity, the company said. ",1
6259,Trump Interior nominee would consider more drilling on federal land,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Representative Ryan Zinke of Montana, President-elect Donald Trump’s nominee for secretary of Interior, on Tuesday said he would consider an expansion of energy drilling and mining on federal lands but would ensure sensitive areas remain protected. The former Navy SEAL sought to outline a measured approach to the job of managing America’s national parks, forests and tribal lands during a four-hour Senate confirmation hearing that was mostly cordial, lacking some of the hot-tempered grilling that has marked other sessions to vet Trump’s cabinet nominees. “Yes,” he said in response to a question from Republican Senator Lisa Murkowski of Alaska about whether he would review drilling curbs imposed by President Barack Obama’s administration in her state, home to vast petroleum deposits both onshore and beneath Arctic waters. “I can guarantee you it is better to produce energy domestically under reasonable regulation than overseas with no regulation ... We need an economy.” But he added he was committed to protecting sensitive wildlife habitats and to keeping federal lands under federal control to ensure they are preserved for future generations, so “my granddaughter’s children can look back and say that we did it right.” The Interior Department oversees territories covering a fifth of the United States’ surface from the Arctic to the Gulf of Mexico, including rich deposits of oil, gas and coal and important pasturelands for ranchers. Zinke, an avid hunter and angler, emerged as a surprise pick to head the department in part because he has embraced federal stewardship of public land, diverging from the Republican Party’s official position to sell off acreage to states. But as a congressman he has also fought for increased energy development, a position that has worried conservationists and which fits neatly with Trump’s campaign vows to bolster the U.S. energy sector by scaling back regulation. Over the last eight years, the Interior Department has sought to limit industry access to federal lands and played a key role in Obama’s agenda to combat climate change by curbing greenhouse gas emitting industries. Under Obama, the department banned new coal mining leases on federal property early in 2016. More recently the agency placed parts of the offshore Arctic and Atlantic off-limits to drilling and declared national monuments that protect large parts of Utah and Nevada from development. Zinke said he believed Trump could “amend” Obama’s moves to declare millions of acres of federal property as national monuments. But he said that any move Trump made to rescind a designation would immediately be challenged. He did not comment directly on whether he would seek to reverse Obama’s federal coal-lease ban but said he believed coal plays an important part in the U.S. energy mix and has previously pushed to end the moratorium. Zinke was the first of three Cabinet heads Trump has chosen to oversee his environment and energy portfolio to face Senate scrutiny this week. All three have opposed Obama’s measures to combat global climate change by targeting carbon dioxide emissions. Trump’s pick to lead the Environmental Protection Agency, Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt, was to testify on Wednesday, and Trump’s choice for Energy secretary, former Texas Governor Rick Perry, was to testify on Thursday. Zinke told committee members that he believes humans contribute to global climate change – a statement that appeared to clash with Trump’s views. Before running for the White House, Trump called climate change a hoax perpetrated by the Chinese to weaken U.S. businesses, a position he has since defended. “I do not think it is a hoax,” Zinke said. But he added that he believed there is still debate over the degree to which humans have an impact, and what should be done about it, adding that regulations could sometimes hurt jobs without helping the environment.  He said, for example, he would support efforts by the U.S. Congress to cancel recent regulation imposed by the Interior Department’s Bureau of Land Management aimed at preventing leaks of methane - another gas scientists blame for climate change - from oil and gas installations. In his opening remarks, Zinke struck a moderate tone, saying that he recognizes that some federal lands require strong protection. He also called himself an “unapologetic admirer of Teddy Roosevelt,” a former Republican president who pioneered public land conservation. Zinke also said he would tackle a multi-billion dollar backlog in maintenance at national parks and promised to ensure greater sovereignty for tribes.",1
6260,U.S. Senate Democratic leader attacks Trump's health pick on ethics charge,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump’s choice to run the Department of Health and Human Services may have broken the law by making a stock purchase just before he introduced legislation that would have benefited the firm, the Senate’s leading Democrat charged on Tuesday. A confirmation hearing for Tom Price, a Republican congressman and orthopedic surgeon from Georgia, was scheduled for Wednesday before the Senate Health Committee. If confirmed, he would be a key player in carrying out Trump’s plans to overhaul Democratic President Barack Obama’s signature healthcare law. CNN reported on Sunday that Price bought between $1,001 and $15,000 worth of shares last March in Zimmer Biomet Holdings Inc (ZBH.N), a medical device manufacturer. Days later, he introduced legislation in the House of Representatives that would have delayed a regulation that could have ultimately damaged the company, CNN said. Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the leader of the Democratic minority in the Senate, called on the Office of Congressional Ethics to investigate whether Price had violated the 2012 Stock Act, a law designed to combat insider trading. Schumer said Price’s Zimmer Biomet purchase may have been in violation of that law. “It may be that this trade was illegal,” Schumer said on the Senate floor on Tuesday afternoon. The Trump transition team said late on Monday that the stock purchase was directed not by Price but by a broker and that the congressman himself did not become aware of the stock buy until well after the legislation was introduced. The transition team urged CNN to retract the story. “Any effort to connect the introduction of bipartisan legislation by Dr. Price to any campaign contribution is demonstrably false,” said transition spokesman Phil Blando. Schumer did not sound convinced. “Now they say there’s a broker, it’s kind of strange that this broker would pick this stock totally independently of him introducing legislation that’s so narrow and specific to this company,” Schumer told CNN on Tuesday. Sean Spicer, who will serve as Trump’s White House spokesman, defended Price. “Regarding dem attacks on @RepTomPrice: this is a stock trade worth $300.  You couldn’t get into a @SenSchumer fundraiser for that amount,” Spicer said in a tweet. Another sign of trouble for Republicans in the healthcare arena emerged on Tuesday when the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office said a repeal of Obamacare - a top priority of both Trump and congressional Republicans - would increase the number of people without health insurance by 18 million in the first year. That number would grow to 32 million by the year 2026 and premiums would double in that time, the CBO said. The report based its analysis on a Republican repeal bill that was passed a year ago but vetoed by Obama. Republicans say the same bill is the blueprint for the repeal effort now under way in Congress. But House Speaker Paul Ryan, a Republican, characterized the CBO projection as “meaningless.” He said it did not take into account measures under consideration to replace the law or “actions that the incoming administration will take to revitalize the individual (insurance) market that has been decimated by Obamacare.”   Price, an ardent advocate of Obamacare repeal, is one of eight Trump Cabinet nominees who will face Senate confirmation hearings this week. The hearings started on Tuesday with Ryan Zinke, a Republican congressman from Montana tapped for interior secretary, and Republican philanthropist Betsy DeVos, the nominee for education secretary. Trump’s presidential inauguration is on Friday and his team is hoping to have as many of his nominees as possible, perhaps as many as seven, confirmed by then.  Price, however, will not be one of them. A second Senate panel, the Finance Committee, must also hold a hearing and a vote on Price’s nomination, and it has not yet scheduled its hearing.  ",1
6261,Trump commerce nominee Ross to tell senators: 'I am not anti-trade',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump’s nominee for U.S. commerce secretary, Wilbur Ross, will tell senators on Wednesday he is not “anti-trade” but that the United States should not put up with malicious practices or unfair subsidies from foreign trading partners. “I am not anti-trade. I am pro-trade. But I am pro-sensible trade, not trade that is detrimental to the American worker and to the domestic manufacturing base,” Ross said in a prepared testimony to the Senate Commerce, Science and Transportation Committee that was seen by Reuters. The 79-year-old billionaire investor said in his prepared opening statement that his wide-ranging investments had given him first-hand experience of the unfair trading practices of other countries, including non-tariff barriers to imports and government subsidies for exports to the United States. “I think I’ve probably had more direct experience than any prior Cabinet nominee has had with unfair trade in the steel business, in the textile business, in the auto parts business and other sectors,” Ross said. “I am very well aware of the issues many companies face, and I’m sensitive to both the issues abroad and the issues here at home.” Trump has voiced a hard line on trade with China and Mexico, saying major changes are needed to reduce their chronic trade surpluses with the United States. He has threatened to declare China a currency manipulator and levy tariffs on Chinese and Mexican goods, but little is known about his specific plans. Ross, who has been designated the leader of Trump’s trade strategy, will tell the committee that countries should have access to the U.S. market if they “agree to play by our standards of fair trade.” “We should not put up with malicious trading activities, state-owned enterprises or subsidized production,” he said, without naming any specific countries. Like Trump, the outgoing Obama administration has been critical of China’s subsidies for state-owned enterprises and its failure to reduce its industrial overcapacity, filing a complaint with the World Trade Organization over Chinese aluminum sector subsidies  last week. Ross will also say he was struck in recent meetings with technology executives by how similar their trade problems were to those faced by the more traditional industries in which he has worked. Ross disclosed earlier on Tuesday that he would sell investments valued at up to about $300 million, including his stake in his private equity firm, in order to avoid conflicts of interest as commerce secretary, a position with responsibilities ranging from trade enforcement and economic data production to  telecommunications auctions and weather forecasting.  Reuters also reported that companies run by Ross had shifted some 2,700 U.S. jobs to other countries since 2004, according to Labor Department data.             ",1
6262,Trump jokes Tillerson finding U.S. Senate confirmation tougher than thought,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump quipped on Tuesday that his secretary of state choice, Rex Tillerson, is finding his Senate confirmation tougher than his days as chief executive officer of Exxon Mobil Corp when he could cut deals with foreign nations. Trump and Vice President-elect Mike Pence appeared together at a VIP dinner featuring nearly 150 diplomats from countries around the world along with U.S. lawmakers and members of the Trump White House who will take power on Friday. “I think it’s tougher than he thought,” Trump told the crowd, noting that Tillerson was in attendance. “He goes into a country, takes the oil, goes into another country. It’s tough dealing with these politicians, right? He’s going to be so incredible,” Trump said. Tillerson has faced tough questions from some senators about his warm ties to Russia as a top U.S. oil executive. U.S. Senator Marco Rubio of Florida, a Republican, has said he might vote against Tillerson. At the black-tie dinner, both Trump and Pence sought to reassure countries that might be concerned about the “America First” agenda they plan to pursue that could lead to rewriting the NATO alliance and trade deals. “The truth is and this may be news to many of you but I’m not sure that the national media here in America completely understands the president-elect,” Pence said in introducing Trump. “He’s going to stand tall on the world stage,” Pence added. “Donald Trump will be a president who puts American first but we will work every day with nations around the world to advance the peace and prosperity of our allies and our friends across the world.” ",1
6263,"In parting words, SEC's White calls for regulator to avoid political meddling","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Outgoing U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission Chair Mary Jo White had some harsh parting words for Congress on Tuesday and a plea to the incoming administration to ensure the regulator remains independent and insulated from political pressures. In what was likely her final speech before stepping down after President-elect Donald Trump is sworn into office on Friday, White lamented the “prescriptive” rule-writing requirements that Congress has imposed on the SEC and said such efforts harm the agency’s ability to get things done or exercise discretion on complicated market issues. “The strength and utility of the agency’s structure depends on an environment that rewards expertise and frank dialogue, not partisan affiliation and political games,” White said in prepared remarks to the Economic Club of New York.   “If the ability and resolve of commissioners to act independently diminishes, so too will the opportunity for solutions that, while politically unpopular, best serve investors and markets.” White became SEC chair in the spring of 2013. Unlike her predecessors, she did not have to deal with putting out fires from market crises. Her tenure was marked largely by efforts to complete a lengthy list of rules required by the 2010 Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform law and the 2012 Jumpstart Our Business Startups (JOBS) Act. Trump’s choice to head the SEC, attorney Jay Clayton, has not opined publicly on his priorities or future rule-making plans. On Tuesday, White urged the SEC to resist lobbying by interest groups or other pressures, and to do what is best for investors and the economy. “Continuing to build an effective post-crisis market regulator will mean imposing measures that sometimes draw sharp outcry from interest groups,” she said. White reflected on her own tenure at the SEC, which she acknowledged has often been marked by “hard decisions that have attracted criticism from both political parties.” She also took a parting shot at some legislation being pushed by Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives. One bill, approved last week, would impose additional requirements on the SEC to conduct economic analyses before it can adopt new rules. White said it would “provide no benefit to investors” and hamstring the agency from responding to a market crisis. House Financial Services Committee Chairman Jeb Hensarling shot back at White later Tuesday, saying the SEC had failed to help small companies or analyze costs, and should be held accountable. “Congress created the SEC, not the other way around,” the Republican congressman said. ",1
6264,Texas Planned Parenthood asks judge to block Medicaid funding cut,"AUSTIN, Texas (Reuters) - The leaders of Texas Planned Parenthood asked a federal judge on Tuesday to block the state’s bid to halt Medicaid funding for the healthcare group, which has long been targeted by Republicans for providing abortions. Planned Parenthood has said the threatened funding cut, by terminating Planned Parenthood’s enrollment in the state-funded healthcare system for the poor, could affect nearly 11,000 patients across Texas. It is seeking an injunction from Judge Sam Sparks in federal court in Austin to stop the cutoff, part of a protracted legal and political fight. Texas and several other Republican-controlled states have pushed to cut the organization’s funding since an anti-abortion group released videos it said showed Planned Parenthood officials negotiating prices for fetal tissue collected from abortions. The defunding efforts could gain traction now that Republicans, who already control the U.S. House and Senate, are expanding their powers with this week’s inauguration of President-elect Donald Trump. Ken Lambrecht, chief executive of Planned Parenthood of Greater Texas and a plaintiff, testified his group does not participate in fetal tissue donation for medical research. Planned Parenthood has denied wrongdoing nationally, saying the videos were heavily edited and misleading. The Medicaid cut was “unconscionable,” Lambrecht testified, adding it would make it more difficult for some of the state’s poorest people to access services his affiliate provides, such as cancer screenings and HIV testing. Texas has said other medical facilities could provide similar services as Planned Parenthood. Planned Parenthood affiliates across Texas received about $4.2 million in Medicaid funding during the 2015 fiscal year, the state’s Health and Human Services Commission said. None of that money went to abortions, plaintiffs in the lawsuit against Texas and the Medicaid defunding plan have said. Sparks said he does not see the videos as a central to the hearing, which opened Tuesday and is scheduled to run through Thursday. He called on the state to present evidence to back up its allegations that Planned Parenthood violated the law. Texas investigated Planned Parenthood over the videos and a grand jury last January cleared it of any wrongdoing. The grand jury indicted two people who made the videos for document fraud but the charges were later dismissed.  The state took no further criminal action against Planned Parenthood after that but has repeated its accusations that the abortion provider may have violated state law. Planned Parenthood gets about $500 million annually in federal funds across the United States, largely in reimbursements through Medicaid. ",1
6265,New York protesters camp out at Goldman Sachs to oppose Trump,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Dozens of protesters gathered outside of Goldman Sachs Group Inc headquarters on Tuesday to rally against President-elect Donald Trump’s picking several former executives of the Wall Street bank for top jobs in his administration. Some of the 50 or so protesters wore swamp-monster masks in reference to Trump’s pledge to “drain the swamp” that he said Washington has become and get rid of special interests. About 20 of them brought sleeping bags, intending to camp outside 200 West Street until Trump’s inauguration on Friday. Goldman Sachs security guards sent employees and guests to entrances on the north side of the building on the rainy evening as protesters unrolled green sleeping bags on the southwest corner. In an emailed statement, Goldman Sachs spokeswoman Tiffany Galvin said the bank respects “every individual’s rights to assembly and free speech.” She declined to comment on the protesters’ objections to Trump’s nominations of ex-Goldman employees including Steve Mnuchin, Trump’s pick to lead the U.S. Treasury Department. Others include Gary Cohn, who had been chief operating officer before becoming Trump’s economic adviser, and Dina Powell, who left her position as Goldman’s head of philanthropic investing to do the same. Goldman Sachs had long been viewed as Wall Street’s most prestigious and profitable bank with so many executives leaving for high-profile government positions it earned the nickname “Government Sachs.” But in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis, Goldman instead found itself blamed by politicians and activists for profiting from the implosion of the mortgage market. In response, the bank embarked on a public relations campaign to clean up its image and launched initiatives to help small businesses, prisoners and female entrepreneurs. But the string of Trump appointments has renewed some of public contempt it received during the Occupy Wall Street protests in 2011. (reut.rs/pJKyQX) Nelini Stamp, 29, an organizer with a group called Working Families, said she also participated in that movement and  Trump’s appointments drove her to come back. “We’re here to make sure that people realize that Goldman Sachs is running our government,” Stamp said. Holding a sign with the image of a swamp monster biting down on a gold bar emblazoned with #GovernmentSachs and “foreclosures,” Ethan Cantor, 25, said it was his first time at a protest. The New Jersey native said Trump’s embrace of Goldman Sachs contradicted criticism the president-elect had leveled against Democratic opponent Hillary Clinton for speaking fees she received from the bank. “He used Goldman as a dig against Hillary,” said Cantor, who said he reluctantly voted for Democratic candidates in the last election. “One good thing about (Trump’s) campaign was that it was populist. Now he’s lying to his own voters.” ",1
6266,"Puerto Rico needs urgent Congress action: U.S. Treasury, Health chiefs","(Reuters) - The secretaries of the U.S. Treasury and Health and Human Services called for fast congressional action to help Puerto Rico out of its economic mess, and said a bipartisan task force report failed to go far enough on recommending a low-income tax credit for the commonwealth. In a letter to U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan on Tuesday, Treasury Secretary Jacob Lew and Health and Human Services Secretary Sylvia Burwell reaffirmed calls to step up healthcare funding for Puerto Rico. “We write to underscore the need for additional legislation early in this (congressional) session to address the economic and fiscal crisis in Puerto Rico,” the letter said. They noted that 900,000 Puerto Ricans could risk losing healthcare unless Congress took action by April. The U.S. territory is hampered by $70 billion in debt, unemployment more than twice the U.S. average, a 45 percent poverty rate and a decreasing population as locals flock to the U.S. mainland. A congressional task force of U.S. senators and congressmen in December recommended several fixes for Puerto Rico, including boosting healthcare funding and exploring giving the island access to the federal Earned Income Tax Credit. The benefit for low- to moderate-income workers has been used to combat poverty, and the Obama Administration has proposed expanding it to Puerto Rico. If the credit exceeds a worker’s income tax liability, the government will refund the balance. The report did not go far enough with the tax credit, Lew and Burwell said, calling the benefit a “powerful economic driver.” The task force report described healthcare in Puerto Rico as “a serious and urgent issue,” but did not agree on solutions. For decades, the United States offered lower payments to most island residents under the federally sponsored Medicare and Medicaid insurance programs. Funding for the Medicaid program for the poor, for example, has been capped by Washington, spurring island officials to borrow heavily through municipal bonds. Read the Special Report here: reut.rs/2e4T00o ",1
6267,Obama to hold final press conference on Wednesday: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama will hold his final press conference as president on Wednesday, the White House said. The press conference will be held at 2:15 ET (19:15 GMT). Obama is set to leave office on Friday when he will be succeeded by Republican President-elect Donald Trump. ",1
6268,Germany says NATO concerned about Trump 'obsolete' remark,"BRUSSELS/BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany’s Foreign Minister said on Monday that U.S. President-elect Donald Trump’s comments that NATO was obsolete had aroused concern across the 28-member alliance. Frank-Walter Steinmeier, speaking after a meeting with alliance Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg in Brussels, said Trump’s remarks contradicted views expressed by designated Defense Secretary James Mattis. He spoke also of “amazement”. “I’ve spoken today not only with EU foreign ministers but NATO foreign ministers as well and can report that the signals are that there’s been no easing of tensions,” Steinmeier told reporters when asked about Trump’s interview with Bild newspaper and the Times of London. “Obviously the comments from President-elect Trump, that he views NATO as obsolete, were viewed with anxiety,” he said. Trump, who is due to be sworn in as president on Friday, said NATO was obsolete because it had not defended against terrorist attacks.  He said also he had always had “great respect” for German Chancellor Angela Merkel, but criticized her 2015 decision to allow in a wave of a million migrants as a “catastrophic mistake” that opened the door to terrorist attacks. U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said it was “inappropriate” for Trump to weigh directly into the politics of another country by his remarks. “He will have to speak to that, as of Friday he is responsible for that relationship.” NATO has been seen since the 1950s as the keystone of western European defenses, extending its zone of activity in the post-Cold War period to the borders of Russia - much to Russia’s chagrin. The alliance’s founding treaty commits members to consider an attack on any one state as an attack on all. A Kremlin spokesman said he agreed with Trump that NATO, characterized by Russian officials as a hostile remnant of the Cold War, was obsolete. Germany’s transatlantic coordinator, Juergen Hardt, told Reuters he did not expect Congress to allow Washington to give up its leadership role in NATO. He said key U.S. lawmakers, including Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman John McCain, had told him several weeks ago they expected Washington to remain a reliable partner in the 28-nation bloc, and he did not expect Trump to reverse the deployment of 4,000 U.S. troops to Poland. Norbert Roettgen, head of Germany’s foreign affairs committee, said Germany should fight to restore Western unity. “Europe is not able to replace the security role of the United States so there is a lot at stake - the very foundations of liberal order internationally and European security. And for that we should fight because it is our very existential interest,” Roettgen told Reuters. Trump repeated criticism of NATO members that fail to meet spend at least 2 percent of gross domestic product on defense. Germany is working to gradually boost its military spending, Defence Ministry spokesman Jens Flosdorff told a news conference. Merkel in November said she could not promise the NATO target would be met “in the near future.” ",1
6269,"Wilbur Ross, Trump's Commerce pick, offshored 2,700 jobs since 2004","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Billionaire Wilbur Ross, chosen by Donald Trump to help implement the president-elect’s trade agenda, earned his fortune in part by running businesses that have offshored thousands of U.S. jobs, according to Labor Department data attained by Reuters. As a high-stakes investor a decade ago, Ross specialized in turning around troubled manufacturing companies at a time when the U.S. economy was losing more than 100,000 jobs yearly due to global trade. A Senate confirmation hearing on his nomination to become commerce secretary is set for Wednesday. Supporters say Ross saved thousands of U.S. jobs by rescuing firms from failure. Data attained by Reuters through a Freedom of Information Act request shows that rescue effort came at a price: textile, finance and auto-parts companies controlled by the private-equity titan eliminated about 2,700 U.S. positions since 2004 because they shipped production to other countries, according to a Labor Department program that assists workers who lose their jobs due to global trade. [For a graphic click tmsnrt.rs/2iYIJWa]  The figures, which have not previously been disclosed, amount to a small fraction of the U.S. economy, which sees employment fluctuate by the tens of thousands of jobs each month. But Ross’s track record clashes with Trump’s promise to protect American workers from the ravages of global trade.  Recently, Trump claimed credit for saving 800 jobs at a Carrier Corp. factory in Indiana, even touring the plant to shake hands with employees. He has targeted Ford Motor Co (F.N) and other automakers to keep hundreds of jobs inside the U.S. borders.  That disconnect could draw attention at his hearing, one of many scheduled this week for Cabinet nominees ahead of Trump’s Jan. 20 inauguration. “He is not the man to be protecting American workers when he’s shipping this stuff overseas himself,” said Don Coy, who lost his job at the end of 2016 when a company Ross created - International Automotive Components Group - closed a factory in Canton, Ohio and shifted production of rubber floor mats to Mexico, eliminating the final 16 jobs in a factory that once employed 450 workers. Ross resigned from the IAC board of directors in November 2014 and was named chairman emeritus. Ross did not respond to several requests for comment. His offshoring activities are not unusual in an era when globalization has lowered international trade barriers. Auto-parts maker Delphi Corp., for example, has offshored 11,700 U.S. jobs since 2004, while textile makers have offshored at least 17,000 jobs since then, the Labor Department said. As IAC shuttered its Canton plant in the final months of 2016, Ross argued on behalf of Trump that free-trade agreements hurt the United States.  “When Ford offshores new production facilities to Mexico, that both boosts the Mexican economy and reduces investment in this country,” he wrote in September in a Washington Post opinion piece penned with Peter Navarro, another Trump economic adviser who has been tapped to direct a White House trade council.  In a bid to reverse offshoring, Trump has threatened to impose “a big border tax” on automakers that choose to build cars in Mexico rather than the United States and has talked of resetting free-trade deals such as the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA). A Trump transition spokesperson said personnel decisions at Ross’s auto-parts and textile companies were driven by the need to put operations near customers and keep U.S. plants competitive, echoing arguments made by other auto industry executives who face pressure from Trump.  “Few people have done as much to defend American jobs and negotiate good deals for American workers as Wilbur Ross,” said the spokesperson, who asked not to be named. The offshoring figures for Ross’s companies came from the Labor Department’s Trade Adjustment Assistance (TAA) program, which provides retraining benefits to some workers who lose their jobs due to outsourcing or cheap imports. The program does not cover everybody who is hurt by global trade: service-sector workers were not eligible until 2009, and those who don’t apply for the program don’t show up in its records.  Only 1.6 million factory workers qualified for TAA benefits between 2001 and 2010, a time when the United States shed 6 million manufacturing jobs.  Despite Trump's campaign rhetoric about countries like Mexico and China taking U.S. jobs, the TAA figures show globalization has claimed fewer jobs in recent years. The program covered roughly 80,000 workers last year, down from about 340,000 in 2009. [For a graphic, click tmsnrt.rs/2iYGJgR] Ross amassed a fortune, estimated by Forbes magazine at $2.5 billion, by buying up companies in struggling industries and returning them to profitability. Labor leaders such as United Steelworkers president Leo Gerard have said that Ross over the years saved thousands of manufacturing jobs. In one case, Ross bought two struggling North Carolina fabric makers out of bankruptcy to create International Textile Group (ITG) in 2004, as textile import quotas were being phased out. Between 2005 and 2011, the company laid off 1,268 U.S. workers as it set up operations in Mexico, China and Nicaragua, TAA records show. ITG CEO Ken Kunenberger told Reuters that those job reductions were primarily due to competition from cheap imports. ITG now operates six U.S. plants, down from nine in 2007, according to its annual reports. Ross sold the company in October for an undisclosed sum. Ross also created International Automotive Components Group in 2007 to buy up auto-parts makers around the world as the industry struggled with overcapacity and slowing sales. TAA filings show IAC eliminated 853 U.S. jobs because it shifted work from the United States to Mexico.  “We tried every trick in the book to get them to stay but they just weren’t interested,” said Tim Scott, who served on the city council in Carlisle, Pennsylvania when IAC decided to close its plant there in 2009, shifting work to Mexico and Tennessee.  An IAC spokesperson said the company has expanded in Mexico to be near the automakers that buy its parts, a common business strategy in the sector. IAC has expanded its workforce in Mexico and Canada by 42 percent to 8,500 since 2008, and by 10 percent in the United States to 11,000 over the same period, spokesman David Ladd said.  In another venture, Ross combined several mortgage lenders into Homeward Residential Holdings Inc. in 2007, just as the housing market was collapsing.  Homeward laid off 596 employees in Florida and Texas and shifted their work to India in 2012, according to TAA filings. That was a sizeable portion of the company’s global workforce, which it pegged at 2,800 a few months after the layoffs were announced.  Ross sold Homeward in October 2012 for $750 million, which delivered a further return on top of $900 million in profits the company had already generated.  “Homeward has been profitable in each year of its existence,” he said in a press release. ",1
6270,Trump Commerce nominee Ross to sell private equity firm stake,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Wilbur Ross, President-elect Donald Trump’s nominee for Commerce Secretary, has pledged to sell his stake in his main private equity firm and resign from corporate boards but will keep his interests in mortgage lending and shipping. In an ethics agreement published on Tuesday, the billionaire investor vowed to sell shares in Invesco Ltd (IVZ.N), the parent company of W.L. Ross & Co, valued at up to $50 million. He also pledged to divest other assets worth between $77 million and $209 million to prevent conflicts of interest. He is due to be questioned by members of the Senate Commerce, Science and Transportation Committee on Wednesday at a confirmation hearing. The federal disclosure forms for presidential appointees allow asset values to be listed in wide ranges with a maximum threshold of “over $50 million”. Picked by Trump to lead an agenda aimed at shrinking U.S. trade deficits with China and Mexico, the 79-year-old Ross is estimated by Forbes to be worth about $2.5 billion. His asset sales would represent a small portion of that total. Ross earned his fortune in part by running businesses that have offshored thousands of U.S. jobs, according to Labor Department data seen by Reuters.  He once served under former U.S. President Bill Clinton on the board of a fund set up by the U.S. government to make private investments in Russia, and worked as a privatization advisor to former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani. Ross said he would divest financial interests in some 80 entities, including ownership stakes in companies and investment partnerships, stocks and bonds. He said he would retain his holdings in nine entities related to his mortgage finance and trans-oceanic shipping assets, but will resign positions he has in those companies and partnerships. The disclosure form lists the valuations of those interests at about $8 million to $36 million. He will also resign from positions at 22 of the business entities from which he is divesting, including giving up his board seats at steelmaker ArcelorMittal ISPA.AS and Bank of Cyprus BOC.CY, and at chemicals and plastics distributor Nexeo Solutions (NXEO.O) where he is chairman of the board. His stake in Nexeo is the largest single investment that he plans to sell, valued in the 57-page financial disclosure at $25 million to $50 million. His steel industry investments may have brought Ross the most unfavorable media coverage. He listed his shares in ArcelorMittal, which bought his International Steel Group in 2004, as being worth $750,000 to $1.5 million.   Other assets that Ross intends to keep include two cash accounts holding more than $50 million each, the largest reporting threshold required on the forms, and an art collection valued at more than $50 million.  ",1
6271,Trump accuses civil rights leader Lewis of lying about inauguration,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump extended his war of words with African-American civil rights leader John Lewis on Tuesday, accusing the Democratic congressman of lying when he said Trump’s inauguration would be the first that he would miss. “John Lewis said about my inauguration, ‘It will be the first one that I’ve missed.’ WRONG (or lie)! He boycotted Bush 43 also because he ‘thought it would be hypocritical to attend Bush’s swearing-in....he doesn’t believe Bush is the true elected president.’ Sound familiar!” Trump said in a pair of posts on Twitter. “He got caught in a very bad lie,” Trump said in an excerpt of an interview broadcast on Fox News on Tuesday.  Lewis’ office did not respond to a request for comment on Tuesday. The Republican president-elect initially clashed with Lewis on Twitter over the weekend after the U.S. representative from Georgia questioned the legitimacy of his Nov. 8 election victory, because of U.S. intelligence agencies’ conclusion that Russia meddled in the campaign. Lewis also said he would not attend Trump’s swearing-in this Friday and that “it will be the first one that I miss since I’ve been in the Congress.” Lewis’ remarks, in an interview with NBC’s “Meet the Press,” were released last Friday at the beginning of the holiday weekend honoring slain black civil rights leader Martin Luther King Jr. Trump responded on Saturday by tweeting that Lewis had falsely complained about the election results and instead “should spend more time on fixing and helping his district, which is in horrible shape and falling apart (not to mention crime infested).” Trump wrote dismissively that he was “all talk.” On Tuesday, Trump continued the battle, quoting an article in the Washington Post in 2001 that said Lewis spent  Inauguration Day in his Atlanta district rather than see Republican President George W. Bush sworn in. Bush was declared the winner of the 2000 presidential election after the U.S. Supreme Court halted a protracted recount of a close race in Florida against Democrat Al Gore. Trump’s attacks on Lewis offended many Americans including some of Trump’s fellow Republicans. Trump drew just 8 percent of the black vote in the November election.  The 76-year-old Lewis, who has been a civil rights leader for more than half a century, was beaten by police during a march he helped lead with King in 1965 in Selma, Alabama, drawing attention to hurdles for blacks to vote. Maine’s Republican governor, Paul LePage, chided Lewis on Tuesday in a radio interview, saying several Republican presidents had pursued civil rights reforms and Lewis should offer a simple word of thanks. LePage, who has referred to himself as a proto-Trump political figure, has been involved in controversies including making racially charged statements and using obscenities. ",1
6272,"Despite showman reputation, Trump inauguration shaping up as low-key","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Donald Trump made his name with opulent hotels and a dramatic reality TV show, but his inauguration on Friday as the 45th U.S. president is shaping up as a more understated affair, with big names in entertainment staying away. Like those who came before him, Trump will take his oath on the steps of the U.S. Capitol building and lead a parade down Pennsylvania Avenue, but there will be fewer official balls and  less glitz and celebrity talent to welcome in the new president. Inaugurations have been star-studded affairs since 1941, when President Franklin Roosevelt held a gala with actors Charlie Chaplin, Mickey Rooney and other stars of the era, said Jim Bendat, a historian who has written a book on U.S. inaugurations. But this year, several singers – including Elton John and Charlotte Church – declined invitations to perform at inaugural events. Trump, a New York businessman and former star of “The Apprentice” TV show, won with a populist platform that included promises to build a wall along the Mexican border, restrict immigration from Muslim countries and dismantle Obamacare. Broadway star Jennifer Holliday said yes to performing, but backed down after a backlash from fans.  “You can’t really find precedent for that,” Bendat said in an interview. The Mormon Tabernacle Choir, singer Jackie Evancho and the Rockettes dancing troupe are among those slated to perform, although individual Rockettes will be allowed to opt out of performing if they so choose. Trump’s inaugural committee has said it is intentionally avoiding top entertainers. “We’re fortunate in that we have the greatest celebrity in the world, which is the president-elect,” Tom Barrack, inaugural committee chairman, told reporters at Trump Tower in New York last week. “So what we’ve done, instead of trying to surround him with what people consider A-listers, is we are going to surround him with the soft sensuality of the place,” Barrack said. Trump is slated to attend three official galas. Other modern inaugurations have had around 10 official balls, which the president and first lady would attend in rapid succession, typically dancing during each appearance.  Then-President Bill Clinton held a record 14 balls during his 1997 inauguration, Bendat said.  On Thursday, a series of choirs and marching bands will perform at the Lincoln Memorial, followed by a concert featuring country music star Toby Keith.  Trump, who is entering office with unusually low approval ratings, has repeatedly pushed back against reports that his inauguration may be lacking in star power or have low attendance. “People are pouring into Washington in record numbers,” Trump said on Twitter on Tuesday. “Bikers for Trump are on their way. It will be a great Thursday, Friday and Saturday!”  Officials expect about 800,000 spectators for the events – down from the estimated 1.8 million who flocked to Washington for Obama’s 2009 inauguration. Just 40 percent of Americans said they had a favorable view of Trump versus 55 percent who had an unfavorable view, according to a Gallup poll taken from Jan. 4 to Jan. 8.  At a similar point before he took office in 2009, Obama was viewed favorably by 78 percent of Americans. Before taking office in 2001, President George W. Bush had a 62 percent favorable rating, according to the Gallup data. “What is most likely to distinguish Trump’s inauguration is the number of protesters,” said Brian Balogh, co-host of American history radio show BackStory. The National Parks Service has granted permits to protest for 27 groups. On Saturday, the National Mall will draw what organizers estimate will be about 200,000 people to a Women’s March to protest Trump. The Women’s March, which is expected to be the largest protest, is aimed at bringing attention to human and civil rights issues. Honorary co-chairs of the protest include activist Gloria Steinem and actor Harry Belafonte.  ",1
6273,Trump's U.N. nominee to blast world body over Israel: testimony,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump’s nominee to be U.S. ambassador to the United Nations will blast the world body over its treatment of Israel at her Senate confirmation hearing, according to prepared testimony seen by Reuters on Tuesday. “Nowhere has the UN’s failure been more consistent and more outrageous than in its bias against our close ally Israel,” Republican South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley said in the opening remarks for her appearance on Wednesday before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. “Any honest assessment also finds an institution that is often at odds with American national interests and American taxpayers,” the speech says. In the remarks, Haley offered some praise for UN activities, such as health and food programs that have saved millions of lives, weapons monitoring and some peacekeeping missions, in something of a departure from Trump, who has disparaged the United Nations. Other Trump national security nominees, notably his choices for Secretary of State, former Exxon Mobil Corp chairman Rex Tillerson, and Secretary of Defense, retired Marine General James Mattis, have also broken from the Republican president-elect in testimony before the Senate. Noting that the United States contributes 22 percent of the UN budget, far more than any other country, Haley asked, “Are we getting what we pay for?” She promised to work with U.S. lawmakers to pursue what she described as “seriously needed change” at the United Nations. Some Republican lawmakers, led by South Carolina Senator Lindsey Graham, have threatened to cut U.S. funding for the United Nations after the Security Council adopted a Dec. 23 resolution demanding an end to settlement building by Israel. Graham will introduce Haley at her hearing. ",1
6274,Quarter of Republicans would keep Obamacare: Reuters/Ipsos poll,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - About a quarter of U.S. Republicans do not want to see Obamacare repealed, according to a Reuters/Ipsos poll released on Tuesday. Trump and his fellow Republicans, who control Congress, have promised to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, known as Obamacare, but a majority of Americans, including 25 percent of Republicans polled, do not want it to be repealed. The law has been credited with helping about 20 million people get insurance coverage. Only one in five Americans would repeal the law immediately, the poll found. Republicans were sharply divided, with 25 percent of those polled wanting to keep it intact or fix problem parts. Some 32 percent would repeal it immediately, while 44 percent would wait to repeal it once an alternative plan is ready to go. “There is some recognition, even from Republican supporters, that the underlying goals of the law are worthwhile,” said Jack Hoadley, a research professor at Georgetown University’s Health Policy Institute. “They still want something done, they don’t want it to disappear.” About 10 percent of Democrats polled would keep the 2010 law as it is and another 70 percent want it to remain intact with some fixes. Some 19 percent of them want the law repealed, including 13 percent who want a replacement passed first. Respondents interviewed by Reuters said they want the U.S. Congress to address problems such as the rising cost of healthcare but even many Republicans who have insurance don’t want it scrapped without a replacement. “I’m afraid if you just repeal, people will lose it,” said Kathy Dugas, a Republican who works as a dietician near Jackson, Mississippi, which has one of the country’s highest obesity rates. “Healthcare should be about people, not about politics,” she said. “There has to be something to take care of people.” Some congressional Republicans have expressed concern about starting a repeal absent clarity about how to replace provisions of the complicated and far-reaching law, but Congress is under pressure from Trump to act quickly. On Friday, the U.S. House of Representatives passed a fiscal 2017 budget by a vote of 227-198, nearly along party lines, that establishes a reconciliation procedure to shield an Obamacare repeal from Senate filibusters. The Reuters poll mirrors findings from a poll released in early January by the Kaiser Family Foundation that also found the public divided: Almost half the people in that poll wanted the law repealed but 28 percent of that group want to know the details of the replacement before Obamacare is scrapped. The Reuters/Ipsos poll was conducted online in English in all 50 states. The question on Obamacare included responses from 2,232 American adults, including 951 Democrats and 879 Republicans. It has a credibility interval, a measure of accuracy, of 2 percentage points for the entire group, and 4 percentage points for the Democrats and Republicans. ",1
6275,Senate Democrats ask Trump attorney general pick to recuse himself from Russia probes,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Nine Democratic senators asked President-elect Donald Trump’s nominee to be U.S. attorney general, Senator Jeff Sessions, on Tuesday to recuse himself from any FBI or Justice Department investigation into Russia’s efforts to interfere with the 2016 presidential election. The request was signed by every Democrat on the Senate Judiciary Committee, the panel responsible for confirming Sessions’ appointment. It comes amid growing concern in the U.S. Congress about what U.S. intelligence agencies have concluded was hacking and other actions by Russia during the election campaign aimed at tilting the November vote in Trump’s favor, and about potential personal or financial connections between Trump associates and Moscow.  The letter also asked Sessions, who as attorney general would be the country’s top law enforcement official and head of the Justice Department, to commit to not shutting down any investigation into Russia’s activities. FBI Director James Comey last week declined to comment on whether or not the FBI might be investigating links between Russia and associates of Trump. The president-elect frequently called during the campaign for improved relations between Washington and Moscow. A spokesman for Sessions, who is expected to be confirmed in the job by the Republican-controlled Congress, did not immediately respond to a request for comment about the letter.  On Friday the leaders of the Senate Intelligence Committee said their panel would investigate allegations Russia used cyber attacks to influence the U.S. presidential election, including any links between Russia and the political campaigns.  Classified documents that the heads of four U.S. intelligence agencies presented earlier this month to Trump included unsubstantiated information compiled by a private security firm suggesting Moscow had compromising personal and financial details about Trump.  Trump has called the dossier that contains salacious claims about him in Russia “fake news” and “phony stuff.”  The Senate Judiciary Committee held a confirmation hearing last Tuesday for Sessions, a Republican and early backer of Trump’s candidacy. He declined to comment on news reports that emerged late in the hearing about the dossier, saying he had no information about the matter at that time. “We understand that you may have been unaware of this news report at the time, which is why we would like to give you another opportunity to respond,” the senators wrote. During his testimony, Sessions said he would recuse himself from investigations involving Trump’s rival for the White House, Democrat Hillary Clinton, saying comments he made during the campaign about her email practices and charitable foundation would cloud the perception of impartiality at the Justice Department. He said he would instead favor a special prosecutor to carry out any future Clinton probes. ",1
6276,Schumer to Trump: Don't fire U.S. consumer agency's head,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - One of the most powerful Democrats in the U.S. Congress on Tuesday pressed President-elect Donald Trump to keep the consumer financial watchdog agency’s current director, as rumors about a possible termination and replacement swirled.  Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer told reporters that Trump will break his campaign promise of “standing up for workers and consumers against the rigged system” if he fires the U.S. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’s (CFPB) director, Richard Cordray, after taking office on Friday. “If Trump intends to keep any of his promises and un-rig the system, he would keep Rich Cordray,” the senator from New York said in a phone call with reporters. Created in the 2010 Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform law, the CFPB has battled all sorts of lenders through regulation and litigation. It most recently participated in a settlement with Wells Fargo for $190 million for allegedly creating ghost accounts.      By law, the president can only fire the agency’s director for cause, but a recent federal court decision says the U.S. chief executive should be able to dismiss the director at will. That decision has been stayed pending appeal. Some want Trump to not wait for the appeals court and fire Cordray for cause as soon as he becomes president. At the earliest, the full U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit is expected to announce in February whether it will review the case. Last week, Trump met with one of the agency’s biggest critics, former Republican Representative Randy Neugebauer of Texas, who is frequently mentioned as a top choice for to replace Cordray. Conservatives say Neugebauer would limit the reach of the CFPB, which they say has gone too far and does not have enough accountability. Congress is controlled by the Republican Party, and most Republicans would prefer having a commission in charge of the agency, instead of a director who both creates and enforces rules. During the call with reporters, Schumer characterized the possibility of making Neugebauer director as an attempt to dismantle the CFPB from the inside. Also on the call, Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts said removing Cordray would allow Trump to block the CFPB’s current work on rules on mandatory arbitration, payday lending and debt collection. Democrats like Warren, who came up with the idea of an agency to protect individuals’ finances after the 2007-09 crisis, say the CFPB is an important guard against fraud in mortgages, student loans and other consumer products. ",1
6277,U.S. makes $500 million grant to climate change fund: State Department,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States has made a $500 million grant to the Green Climate Fund, meant to help developing nations combat climate change, the State Department said on Tuesday. The move, coming days before U.S. President Barack Obama hands over power to Donald Trump, was “long-planned,” State Department spokesman John Kirby said in a news briefing. ",1
6278,White House: Will not rule out more Guantanamo releases this week,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House on Tuesday declined to rule out the possibility of additional prisoners being transferred from the U.S. naval facility at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, before President Barack Obama leaves office on Friday. White House spokesman Josh Earnest said he could not rule out such a move while speaking to reporters at a daily news briefing, one day after Oman announced that it had taken in 10 prisoners released from the facility.  ",1
6279,Boeing CEO sees 'near term' plane deal after Trump meeting,"(Reuters) - Boeing Co’s chief executive said on Tuesday that he and President-elect Donald Trump “made progress” on lowering the cost of the Air Force One presidential aircraft fleet and on a potential sale of Boeing fighter aircraft, and suggesting a deal could be struck soon. Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg’s visit to Trump Tower on Tuesday marked another step in Trump’s efforts to use his bully pulpit to cut better deals with defense contractors. It also showed Boeing’s adroit use of the meetings to pursue its own sales and herald its importance to the U.S. manufacturing economy.  Trump has been pressuring defense companies on prices through Twitter posts and meetings. Last month he said a $4 billion contract for Air Force One was too expensive and should be canceled. Boeing has said it so far has a $170 million contract for design work on the heavily modified Boeing 747 planes and that no final figure for the fleet of planes had been established.  Trump also last month asked the Chicago-based aerospace and defense company to price a contract for Boeing’s F/A-18 Super Hornet fighter jet to compete with Lockheed Martin’s F-35 fighter, which is famously over budget. While not offering details, Muilenburg said the “excellent conversation” with Trump could lead to a deal “in the very near term.” “We made some great progress on simplifying requirements for Air Force One, streamlining the process, streamlining certification by using commercial practices,” Muilenburg told reporters after the hour-long meeting. “That’s going to lead to substantial cost reductions.” On fighter jets, he said, “we were able to talk about options for the country and capabilities that will, again, provide the best capability for our war fighters most affordably.” Muilenburg praised Trump’s approach to negotiations.  “I think Mr. Trump is doing a great job of engaging business,” he said, noting that as the U.S.’ top exporter, Boeing supports 1.5 million U.S. manufacturing jobs and 13,000 small and mid-sized supplier companies. “If you want manufacturing jobs, aerospace is the place to invest,” he said. “We’re proud to take on that mission and I think Mr Trump’s engagement with industry is going to help us grow manufacturing jobs in this country.” “I appreciate the teamwork approach on this - I think it’s the right way to do business.” Boeing’s stock was down 0.6 percent at $157.87 in afternoon trade. ",1
6280,"Factbox: Trump meets with Boeing chief, others","(Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump continued to hold meetings in New York on Tuesday, before taking over the White House from President Barack Obama on Friday. The following is a list of confirmed meetings for Tuesday, according to Trump’s transition team: * Fox News Channel journalist, co-host of “Fox and Friends,” for interview  * Legal analyst for Fox News, former New Jersey Superior court judge             * Boeing Co chief executive officer * Trump legal adviser on divestment plans, attorney at Morgan, Lewis and Bockius LLP in Washington * Washington-based reporter and co-founder of new political news website Axios, formerly of political news publication Politico ",1
6281,Upbeat Boeing CEO says meeting with Trump 'very productive',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Boeing Co Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg said he had a “very productive” meeting with President-elect Donald Trump on Tuesday and was encouraged by progress in talks on the Air Force One replacement fleet and on fighter planes. “We discussed Air Force One, we discussed fighter aircraft,” Muilenburg told reporters after the hour-long meeting. “We made some great progress on simplifying requirements on Air Force One, streamlining the process ... all that is going to provide a better airplane at a lower cost. I’m pleased with the progress there.” ",1
6282,Putin says he doubts Trump met with Moscow prostitutes,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Tuesday he doubted U.S. President-elect Donald Trump had met with prostitutes in a Moscow hotel room several years ago, referring to an unverified dossier published last week that Trump has dismissed as “fake news”. “Trump arrived and straight away rushed to meet with Moscow prostitutes. This is an adult man and, apart from that, is a man who for many years took part in organizing beauty contests. He has socialized with the most beautiful women in the world,” Putin said in response to a question from a reporter from pro-Kremlin news agency Life about whether he had seen files or videos suggesting Trump had met with prostitutes. “I find it difficult to believe that he ran to a hotel to meet with our girls of reduced social responsibility,” Putin said at a news conference in Moscow with Moldova’s President Igor Dodon. Trump, a New York businessman who will be inaugurated as U.S. president on Friday, has dismissed reports that Russia had compromising information on him as “fake news” and “phony stuff.”  Reuters has not independently verified the claims contained in the dossier. The information was summarized in a U.S. intelligence report presented to Trump and President Barack Obama this month. James Clapper, director of national intelligence, has said the dossier was not produced by U.S. intelligence agencies and they have not judged whether the information is reliable. Putin said it was “total nonsense” that Russian intelligence had followed Trump to gather compromising material on him and reiterated that he had never met Trump.  “Trump, when he came to Moscow, and I can’t even remember when that was, ... he wasn’t any sort of political figure. We didn’t even know about his political ambitions,” Putin said. “What, someone thinks the special services chase after every American billionaire? Of course not, that’s total nonsense.” ",1
6283,New York Times to boost spending on Trump coverage amid budget cuts,"(Reuters) - The New York Times Co will increase spending on coverage of U.S. President-elect Donald Trump’s administration while cutting its overall budget this year, according to a blog post by its editors on Tuesday. The budget cuts, which will be laid out in coming weeks and months, will focus on editing and production systems, rather than on resources for journalism, according to the post by Dean Baquet, executive editor, and Joe Kahn, managing editor. “To that end, you should know the company is investing more than ever in accountability journalism,” the blog post said. The company is going to allocate an additional $5 million to produce more coverage of the incoming Trump administration, according to the blog post. The New York Times is increasing its spending of coverage of Trump as he has often attacked the New York Times and other media outlets, accusing them of reporting on false information. Last week at his first formal press conference since he won the Nov. 8 election, Trump refused to take a CNN reporter’s questions, calling the outlet “fake news,” after it reported on the existence of unverified intelligence documents concerning Trump. At the same press conference, Trump referred to Buzzfeed, which published the dossier of documents online, as a “failing pile of garbage.” ",1
6284,U.S.-Cuba detente supporters make last-ditch effort to sway Trump,"HAVANA (Reuters) - U.S. organizations that have worked closely with the outgoing Obama administration to improve relations with Cuba on Tuesday released a four-page letter to President-elect Donald Trump urging him not to act rashly toward the Communist-run nation. The Cuban Study Group, an organization of Cuban-American business leaders who favor engagement, and the Washington-based Engage Cuba coalition, arranged what they termed the “memo” which says, “to reflexively reverse course could have pernicious consequences for U.S. economic and foreign policy interests and the prospects of evolutionary change in Cuba.” The Trump transition includes five Cuban-Americans who are vocal opponents of detente and have close ties to Cuban-American lawmakers who are calling for a return to pre-Obama efforts to isolate Cuba. A number of other Trump appointees have expressed hostility toward the Obama administration’s two-year effort to normalize relations. “We are confident that a close evaluation will confirm that constructive engagement — including the reduction of travel and commercial barriers — is the best strategy for supporting the Cuban people and boosting U.S. jobs and exports,” the signers of the report, which include the U.S.-Cuba Business Council, the National Foreign Trade Council, the American Society of Travel Agents and the Association of International Educators, say. They argue that the policy has improved human rights on the island, sped the expansion of internet access, led to dialogue on sensitive issues, improved national security and created jobs, among other positive results. The report follows the release last week of a similar plea by dozens of U.S. agricultural organizations which argued Cuba was an important market for their products. Trump, a Republican, has said he will dismantle the still-fragile detente unless Cuba gives the United States a better deal, while providing no specifics. He is expected to review the Cuba engagement on taking office on Friday. Trump has named Jason Greenblatt, a Trump Organization executive and chief legal counsel, as negotiator for sensitive international issues, including Cuba. The normalization of relations between the old Cold War foes has included restoration of diplomatic relations, Obama’s historic trip to Cuba, the signing of 18 cooperation agreements and the use of executive orders to punch holes in the embargo, which can be lifted only by the U.S. Congress, now controlled by Republicans. Travel to the island from the United States has increased, with the start of direct flights and cruises and the signing of  cellphone roaming agreements, but no manufacturing or significant trade deals have been reached. ",1
6285,Head of Austrian far right to visit Washington at time of Trump inauguration,"VIENNA (Reuters) - The head of Austria’s far-right Freedom Party, Heinz-Christian Strache, has said he will travel to Washington for meetings “on the sidelines of” the inauguration of President-elect Donald Trump, though he did not specify who. In a statement on his Facebook page, the head of the anti-immigration Freedom Party (FPO) did not say whether he would attend the inauguration ceremony on Jan. 20, but did state he would not be meeting Trump himself. Spokesmen for his party were not immediately available for comment.   Strache’s visit is likely to raise fresh questions about ties between European far-right parties and people close to Trump. FPO officials met people close to Trump, including his pick for national security adviser Michael Flynn, on a recent visit to the United States, the party said last month. “There is a series of invitations to talks with interesting political representatives of the United States on the sidelines of the U.S. president’s inauguration on our packed schedule,” Strache said, adding that he would be accompanied by an FPO delegation. French presidential candidate Marine Le Pen was seen at Trump Tower last week, but a spokesman for Trump said she did not meet with him or his team.  The Kleine Zeitung newspaper said Strache’s delegation would include Norbert Hofer, who narrowly failed to become president last year, which would have made him the first freely elected far-right head of state in Europe since World War Two.  Strache said “good diplomatic and economic relations” between Austria and the United States were a priority for him given his party’s “possible future government responsibilities”. Austria’s centrist government’s mandate runs until next year. “In order to avoid unnecessary speculation, a meeting with the future U.S. president, Donald Trump, is not planned,” Strache said.   ",1
6286,Bare-breasted FEMEN activist grabs Trump statue by crotch,"MADRID (Reuters) - A topless activist from the feminist group FEMEN attacked a life-size wax statue of U.S. President-elect Donald Trump during an unveiling ceremony at Madrid’s wax museum on Tuesday. Reuters journalists at the scene saw the woman push past security ropes and place her hand on the statue’s crotch while screaming “grab patriarchy by the balls.” Museum staff spent several minutes trying to restrain the woman before eventually bundling her out through a back door. The activist group claimed responsibility for the protest on Twitter, saying: “FEMEN just grabbed Trump’s statue by the balls in Madrid.” In a recording leaked last October, Trump spoke of grabbing women “by the pussy”. Gonzalo Presa, head of communications at the museum, called the woman’s protest “unpleasant” and said he had hoped to give a “special welcome” to Donald Trump from Madrid. “If they want to do this they should do it directly to him. This is too easy,” he told a Reuters reporter. Artisans had spent over three days creating the wax figure, paying special attention to the color and style of Trump´s signature hair, Presa said. FEMEN, an international group which began in Ukraine, is known for using nudity in protests over women´s rights. ",1
6287,Trump threatens German carmakers with 35 percent U.S. import tariff,"FRANKFURT/BERLIN (Reuters) - U.S President-elect Donald Trump warned German car companies he would impose a border tax of 35 percent on vehicles imported to the U.S. market, a plan that drew sharp rebukes from Berlin and hit the automakers’ shares. In an interview with German newspaper Bild, published on Monday, Trump criticized German carmakers such as BMW (BMWG.DE), Daimler (DAIGn.DE) and Volkswagen (VOWG_p.DE) for failing to produce more cars on U.S. soil. “If you want to build cars in the world, then I wish you all the best. You can build cars for the United States, but for every car that comes to the USA, you will pay 35 percent tax,” Trump said in remarks translated into German. “I would tell BMW that if you are building a factory in Mexico and plan to sell cars to the USA, without a 35 percent tax, then you can forget that,” Trump said. Volkswagen (VW) shares closed down 2.2 percent, while BMW and Daimler’s shares ended 1.5 percent lower. Under pressure to deliver on campaign promises to revive U.S. industrial jobs, Trump has turned his fire on carmakers that use low-cost Mexican plants to serve the U.S. market. He has also warned Japan’s Toyota (7203.T) it could be subject to a “big border tax” if it builds its Corolla cars for the U.S. market at a planned factory in Mexico. All three German carmakers have invested heavily in Mexico, but also pointed out on Monday that they manufacturer in the United States as well.  BMW executive Peter Schwarzenbauer told reporters the company was sticking to plans to invest around $1 billion in a new plant in Mexico, which is due to go into production in 2019 and create at least 1,500 jobs. “The president’s powers are considerable. He can legally impose tariffs of up to 15 percent for 150 days. Trump is not constrained by Congress,” said Simon Evenett, professor of international trade at Switzerland’s University of St Gallen. “Even if foreign companies object and seek to challenge the legality of tariffs, it will take at least 18 months to get decided. Corporate strategies will be disrupted by then.” While investing in Mexico, German carmakers have quadrupled light vehicle production in the United States over the past seven years to 850,000 units, more than half of which are exported from there, Germany’s VDA automotive industry association said. “In the long term, the United States would be shooting itself in the foot by imposing tariffs or other trade barriers,” VDA President Matthias Wissmann said in a statement. German carmakers employ about 33,000 workers in the United States and German automotive suppliers about 77,000 more, the VDA said.  Speaking in tabloid newspaper Bild, German Economy Minister Sigmar Gabriel said that rather than trying to penalize German carmakers, the United States should instead respond by building better and more desirable cars. Norbert Roettgen, head of Germany’s foreign affairs committee, said Berlin needed to take Trump’s comments seriously. “He seems to be absolutely focused on short-term job interests and security interests ... not that he is looking for free trade so much, but more for protection,” he told Reuters. Daimler’s Mercedes-Benz and BMW already have sizeable factories in the United States where they build higher-margin sports utility vehicles (SUVs) for export to Asia and Europe. Around 65 percent of BMW’s production from its factory in Spartanburg, South Carolina, is exported overseas. BMW builds the X3, X4, X5 and X6 models in the United States. “It is surprising that Trump singles out the carmaker that exports more vehicles from the United States than any other manufacturer,” Evercore ISI analysts said. A BMW spokeswoman said the planned plant in the central Mexican city of San Luis Potosi would build the BMW 3 Series from 2019, with the output intended for the world market. The plant would be an addition to existing 3 Series production facilities in Germany and China. In June last year, BMW broke ground on the plant, pledging to invest $2.2 billion in Mexico by 2019 for annual production of 150,000 cars. Daimler has said it plans to begin assembling Mercedes-Benz vehicles in 2018 from a $1 billion facility shared with Renault-Nissan (RENA.PA) (7201.T) in Aguascalientes in Mexico. A spokesman for Daimler declined to comment on Trump’s remarks.  Last year, VW’s Audi division inaugurated a $1.3 billion production facility with 150,000 vehicle production capacity near Puebla, Mexico. Audi said it would build electric and petrol Q5 SUVs in Mexico. Audi declined to comment on Monday. VW also declined to comment on Trump’s remarks but noted it was investing another $900 million in its U.S. plant in Chattanooga, Tennessee. Trump called Germany a great car producer, saying Mercedes-Benz cars were a frequent sight in New York, but claimed there was not enough reciprocity. Germans were not buying Chevrolets at the same rate, he said, calling the business relationship an unfair one-way street.  Chevrolet sales have fallen sharply in Europe since parent company General Motors (GM.N) in 2013 said it would drop the Chevrolet brand in Europe by the end of 2015. Since then, GM has focused instead on promoting its Opel and Vauxhall marques. Asked by Reuters whether Trump could take any steps to make it easier for GM to sell more American-made cars in Europe, GM Chief Executive Mary Barra said the company aimed to build cars in markets where they are sold. “We’re a global company so we’re going to continue that focus just because from an economic perspective that generally turns out to be the best framework,” she said. “I think there is a lot that we can work on with President-elect Trump.” ",1
6288,"Germany must not bow to Trump threats, Merkel ally says","BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany cannot afford to give in to intimidation and threats of protectionism from U.S. President-elect Donald Trump, and to do so even once would invite repeated bullying, a key conservative ally of Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Tuesday. Trump warned German car companies that he would impose a border tax of 35 percent on vehicles imported to the U.S. market, in a newspaper interview published on Monday. Norbert Roettgen, head of Germany’s foreign affairs committee in parliament, said Germany must stay true to its values. The country is one of the world’s leading exporting nations, getting nearly half its gross domestic product from exports. “The smart thing to do is not to yield to intimidation and threats,” Roettgen told a small group of foreign reporters when asked about German industry’s readiness to stand up to Trump. “If you take this path once, you will become the object of threats and intimidation,” said Roettgen, a leader in Merkel’s Christian Democrats. “And I don’t think that makes sense either for Germany as a whole or for individual companies.” A BMW (BMWG.DE) executive said on Monday the carmaker will stick to its plans to open a Mexican plant in 2019, despite Trump’s warnings of a border tax on the German brand’s vehicles made in Mexico and destined for the United States. “I think it is politically right and economically wise to stick to our principles and our policies, which for Germany is a policy of open and fair trade,” Roettgen said. Merkel told German industry leaders on Monday that she would remain committed to free trade, in an indirect rebuttal to Trump’s comments about border taxes on car imports. Vice Chancellor Sigmar Gabriel responded to Trump’s comment that too many German and too few U.S. automobiles were on the streets of New York by saying the United States “should build better cars.” On Tuesday, Gabriel issued an indirect warning to Trump against stoking nationalism and promoting protectionism: “Nationalism and protectionism are not the recipes for greatness,” Gabriel said in a speech in Berlin. The United States is Germany’s top trading partner. ",1
6289,"Unlike Trump, Americans want strong environmental regulator - Reuters/Ipsos","NEW YORK (Reuters) - More than 60 percent of Americans would like to see the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency’s powers preserved or strengthened under incoming President Donald Trump, and the drilling of oil on public lands to hold steady or drop, according to a Reuters/Ipsos opinion poll released on Tuesday. The results could foretell stronger-than-expected public opposition to Trump’s plans to boost energy development by slashing environmental regulations, an agenda shared by some of his top Cabinet picks slated for Senate confirmation hearings later this week. Trump takes office on Friday. Some 39 percent of Americans would like to see the EPA, the nation’s top environmental regulator, “strengthened or expanded,” while another 22 percent hope for it to “remain the same,” according to the poll. Just 19 percent said they would like to see the agency “weakened or eliminated” and the rest said they “don’t know.”  Among Republicans, 47 percent wish for the EPA either to “remain the same” or be “strengthened or expanded,” while 35 percent want it “weakened or eliminated”. The online poll of 9,935 people was conducted Dec. 16 to Jan. 12 and has a credibility interval, a measure of accuracy, of 1.1 percentage points. “Trump is a businessman, and that’s all he thinks about ... what will make money,” said Terry Cox, a 61-year-old resident of Tennessee who voted for the New York real estate mogul in November’s election. “But I’m hopeful there’s a limit to what he can do when it comes to weakening protections for wildlife and the environment.” A Trump transition team official declined to comment. Trump campaigned on a promise to drastically reduce environmental regulations in order to create jobs and pave the way for more oil, gas, and coal development. He has said he would refocus the EPA on its core mission to protect air and water quality. He also accused the agency of using “totalitarian tactics” to enforce its regulations under President Barack Obama, who had made the EPA central to his broader effort to combat global climate change by cutting carbon emissions. According to the Reuters/Ipsos poll, just over 60 percent of Americans think it would be wrong to weaken wildlife protections and air and water regulations to bolster the energy industry, while they were nearly evenly split on whether carbon emissions should be softened to help the industry. The poll also showed that 39 percent of Americans want to see a decrease in coal mining and oil drilling on U.S. federal lands in the coming years, while 23 percent hope for it to stay the same. Just 22 percent said they wanted to see an increase, and the rest said they do not know.  The U.S. government holds title to about 500 million acres of land across the country, including national parks and forests, wildlife refuges and tribal territories, overlaying billions of barrels of oil and vast quantities of natural gas, coal, and uranium. Trump has promised to boost industry access to these reserves.     Trump nominated Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt, a climate change skeptic who has repeatedly sued the EPA over its regulations, to head the agency. Pruitt is scheduled for Senate hearings on Wednesday, where lawmakers are expected to ask him about his ties to the energy industry. Trump also nominated U.S. Representative Ryan Zinke of Montana, an avid outdoorsman and former Navy SEAL commander who advocates for more coal mining on federal lands, to run the Department of the Interior that oversees public lands. Zinke will face Senate questions on Tuesday. And Trump chose former Texas Governor Rick Perry to head the Department of Energy, a move that would put him in charge of the agency he proposed eliminating during his failed bid for the 2012 Republican presidential nomination. Perry will be questioned on Thursday. ",1
6290,"Trump's criticism only draws Europeans closer, says French minister","PARIS (Reuters) - Criticism of Europe by U.S. President-elect Donald Trump only serves to reinforce European solidarity, French Finance Minister Michel Sapin said on Tuesday. Trump said German Chancellor Angela Merkel had made a “catastrophic mistake” with her open door policy on migration, according to an interview published on Sunday by German newspaper Bild.  “The more he (Trump) makes this sort of statement, the more Europeans close ranks,” Sapin told reporters, adding that such  criticism was unacceptable. “The attack on the Chancellor is not an argument we can accept as Frenchmen or as Europeans.” Asked whether Europe would have to react if the United States decided to slap a 35 percent tax on imports, Sapin said: “We will all have time to see whether there’s a difference between the content of a tweet and the laws that will be passed.” Trump was quoted as telling Bild he would impose a 35 percent levy on German-made cars imported to the U.S. market, a plan that drew sharp rebukes from Berlin and hit automakers’ shares. “I would tell BMW that if you are building a factory in Mexico and plan to sell cars to the USA, without a 35 percent tax, then you can forget that,” Trump said in remarks translated into German. ",1
6291,Trump pick for NSC post Crowley to step down: transition official,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Monica Crowley, the foreign policy adviser tapped for a White House job under President-elect Donald Trump, will relinquish the post, a transition official told Reuters on Monday. Crowley had been chosen to serve as senior director of strategic communications at the National Security Council. Her appointment had been shadowed by reports of plagiarism in news outlets including CNN and Politico. “After much reflection I have decided to remain in New York to pursue other opportunities and will not be taking a position in the incoming administration,” she said in a statement quoted by the Washington Times. “I greatly appreciate being asked to be part of President-elect Trump’s team and I will continue to enthusiastically support him and his agenda for American renewal.” A CNN review found this month that Crowley plagiarized thousands of words of her 2000 dissertation for her Columbia University Ph.D. In addition, Politico reported that it found more than a dozen examples of plagiarism in Crowley’s Ph.D. dissertation. She had been hired to work for Trump’s national security adviser, retired General Michael Flynn, who said in a statement quoted by The Times that he will miss the opportunity to have Crowley on his team. ",1
6292,Trump's Commerce pick Wilbur Ross is no stranger to protectionism,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - When billionaire investor Wilbur Ross salvaged two North Carolina textile mills from bankruptcy in 2003 and 2004, one of the first things he did was head to Washington to immerse himself in trade law and policy. China’s accession to the World Trade Organization had unleashed a flood of textile imports across U.S. borders, and Ross - now President-elect Donald Trump’s pick for commerce secretary - took an unusual hands-on approach, advocating for “safeguard” tariffs to help the ravaged domestic industry. “He was not the first outside investor to come into the industry and buy a major asset. He was the first and to my knowledge only major outside investor who took on that same sort of attitude that the more home-grown CEOs had,” said Auggie Tantillo, who has lobbied for textile makers in Washington for almost 40 years. Ross’ history owning and defending embattled steel and textile manufacturing companies that have relied on border duties to protect their industries means he will bring a unique approach to the commerce secretary job, departing from the traditional role of cheerleading for free trade and big business. In a questionnaire ahead of a U.S. Senate hearing to review his nomination - which had been slated for Thursday - Ross said he had owned or had a significant stake in more than 100 businesses over 55 years. Forbes has estimated his fortune at $2.9 billion. Ross has not yet provided the Senate with financial disclosures or an ethics agreement to prevent conflicts of interest. Late on Tuesday, the Senate Commerce Committee said it would postpone Ross’ hearing until Jan. 18 to give more time to ethics officials to do their work. Ross is one of three wealthy Trump picks to run into delays with the vetting process. Education nominee Betsy DeVos and Labor pick Andrew Pudzer have also had their Senate hearings pushed back. The Economist has called Ross “Mr. Protectionism,” a term Ross told CNBC he saw as “pejorative” and inaccurate because he said the threat of tariffs would be a used as a negotiating tool. If confirmed, Ross, 79, who is personally close to Trump, will be a lead player shaping U.S. trade policy, working alongside Robert Lighthizer, a lawyer known for his work with beleaguered U.S. manufacturers whom Trump has tapped as U.S. trade representative, and Peter Navarro, an economist and China hawk who will serve as a White House adviser. Free trade advocates worry the Trump trade triumvirate will be too quick to use tariffs to keep imports out, raising costs for manufacturers that rely on imported parts - or even sparking retaliatory trade wars. “The three of them - those guys put together - can create a lot of mischief,” said Dan Ikenson, a longtime trade policy economist now with the Cato Institute think tank. Ross did not respond to a request for comment. A spokesman for Trump’s transition team said Ross would draw on his experience “saving and creating” manufacturing jobs if confirmed, and would push to expand exports and reduce imports. Ross has worked with allies in labor unions and other industry groups hurt by imports to push for tariffs and quotas, even starting his own coalition in 2003. Although the coalition was short-lived, Ross’s trade rhetoric about the trade deficit and currency manipulation has remained consistent - and was echoed on the campaign trail by Trump. Ross called the 20-year-old North American Free Trade Agreement with Mexico and Canada the “poster child for unbalanced trade and investment,” in a letter to The Wall Street Journal. He has accused Mexico of importing auto parts from China for vehicles it shipped duty-free into the United States. But his companies have also produced goods in Mexico. The 2007 annual report for his International Textile Group called NAFTA “advantageous to the company” because of its factories there. Ross supported the Central America Free Trade Agreement, saying he believed it fixed some of what he saw as loopholes in NAFTA. Ross has drawn an unusual endorsement - from the United Steelworkers union, which backed Trump’s Democratic opponent, Hillary Clinton, in the election. Leo Gerard, president of the USW, said in an interview last month that Trump’s team understood that trade remedy laws themselves needed to be modernized to make it easier to impose sanctions and duties before industries are hurt and jobs are lost. “We have a lot of suggestions for when there’s a new trade team,” Gerard told Reuters. ",1
6293,"Merkel, responding to Trump, says Europe's fate is in its own hands","BERLIN (Reuters) - Europe’s destiny lies in its own hands, German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Monday in response to comments from U.S. President-elect Donald Trump, who said in a newspaper interview he believed other countries would leave the EU after Britain. “I think we Europeans have our fate in our own hands,” Merkel told a joint news conference with New Zealand’s prime minister. Asked about Trump’s criticism of her migrant policy, Merkel said: “I am personally waiting for the inauguration of the U.S. president. Then of course we will work with him on all levels.” ",1
6294,Martin Luther King's daughter says 'God can triumph over Trump',"ATLANTA/NEW YORK (Reuters) - Martin Luther King’s daughter said on Monday that “God can triumph over Trump,” but the slain civil rights leader’s son struck a conciliatory tone after meeting with the president-elect on the U.S. holiday that honors their father. The comments by the children of King, who championed racial justice until he was assassinated in 1968 at the age of 39, punctuated an imbroglio involving Donald Trump and African-American congressman John Lewis that broke out over the weekend. The dispute started when Lewis, 76, a contemporary of King’s who endured beatings and jail time in the civil rights movement of the 1960s, said in a televised interview that he saw Trump’s election as illegitimate because of Russian interference in the campaign. That drew a scornful response from Trump. Bernice King, King’s youngest daughter, told a gathering at Ebenezer Baptist Church in Atlanta not to give up hope and “Don’t be afraid of who sits in the White House.” “God can triumph over Trump,” she said, drawing a standing ovation, one of several times she was interrupted by thunderous applause. The service at the church where King once preached takes place every year on Martin Luther King Jr Day, a federal holiday honoring his life. This year the holiday fell days before Barack Obama ends his second term as the country’s first African-American president. Trump takes the oath of office as his successor on Friday. Obama and first lady Michelle Obama spent part of their last MLK Day in office helping paint a mural in the “community room” of a Washington shelter, to which they donated a play set used by their daughters when they arrived at the White House in 2009.  Trump, who won only 8 percent of the black vote, offered praise for King in a Twitter post on Monday, a few hours before meeting King’s oldest son, Martin Luther King III, at his Trump Tower offices in New York.  “Celebrate Martin Luther King Day and all of the many wonderful things that he stood for. Honor him for being the great man that he was!” Trump tweeted. Trump and King III emerged from an elevator together, shaking hands. Trump said goodbye to King, then returned to the elevator without answering questions. King said they had a constructive meeting to discuss how to improve the U.S. voting system, which King considers broken, but he skirted questions about whether he was offended by Trump’s comments on Lewis. “First of all I think that in the heat of emotion a lot of things get said on both sides. I think at some point I bridge-build. The goal is to bring America together,” King told reporters. Lewis did not mention Trump in a speech in Miami about the civil rights struggle to honor King, who would have turned 88 on Sunday, but he urged young black Americans to consider voting a “sacred” act.  “We all must become participants in the democratic process. When you get old enough to register to vote, go and register and vote,” Lewis said in a half-hour address.  Gunfire during Miami holiday festivities wounded eight people ages 11 to 30 at Martin Luther King Jr Memorial Park, police said. Two people were detained and two weapons seized, and the cause of the shooting is under investigation. The Trump-Lewis exchange began when Lewis told NBC News in segments of an interview released on Friday that he would not attend Trump’s inauguration in part because “I don’t see this president-elect as a legitimate president.” He referred to the findings of U.S. intelligence agencies that Russia used hacking and other methods to try to help Trump, a Republican, defeat Democrat Hillary Clinton in the Nov. 8 election.     Trump was withering in his response the following day, saying in tweets that Lewis, a revered figure who risked his life for civil rights, was “All talk, talk, talk - no action or results.” While many Democrats and Republicans said they disagreed with Lewis, they also questioned Trump’s decision to denigrate an African-American political leader of Lewis’ stature, especially over the Martin Luther King Jr weekend.  Civil rights leaders have also opposed Trump’s nominee for U.S. attorney general, Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama, who was denied a federal judgeship in 1986 after allegations that he was racist and harbored sympathies toward the Ku Klux Klan, a violent white supremacist organization. The Senate Judiciary Committee has received letters from 400 civil rights organizations opposing his confirmation to the country’s top law enforcement post, Democratic Senator Dianne Feinstein has said. Sessions strongly denied that he is a racist during his confirmation hearing in the Senate last week. (This story corrects senator’s name in final paragraph to ‘Feinstein’.) ",1
6295,Trump vows 'insurance for everybody' in replacing Obamacare,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump aims to replace Obamacare with a plan that would envisage “insurance for everybody,” he said in an interview with the Washington Post published on Sunday night. Trump did not give the newspaper specifics about his proposals to replace Democratic President Barack Obama’s signature health insurance law, but said the plan was nearly finished and he was ready to unveil it alongside the leaders of the Republican-controlled Congress. The Republican president-elect takes office on Friday. “It’s very much formulated down to the final strokes. We haven’t put it in quite yet but we’re going to be doing it soon,” Trump told the Post, adding he was waiting for his nominee for health and human services secretary, Tom Price, to be confirmed. The plan, he said, would include “lower numbers, much lower deductibles,” without elaborating. “We’re going to have insurance for everybody,” Trump said. “There was a philosophy in some circles that if you can’t pay for it, you don’t get it. That’s not going to happen with us.” Trump was also quoted as saying in the interview that he would target pharmaceutical companies over drug pricing and insist they negotiate directly with the Medicare and Medicaid government health plans for the elderly and poor. U.S. House Republicans won passage on Friday of a measure starting the process of dismantling the Affordable Care Act, popularly known as Obamacare, despite concerns about not having a ready replacement and the potential financial cost of repealing the law. With the vote, Republicans began delivering on their promise to end Obamacare, also a campaign pledge of Trump, who has called the program a “disaster.” The law, which expanded health coverage to some 20 million people, has been plagued by increases in insurance premiums and deductibles and by some large insurers leaving the system. Republicans have called Obamacare federal government overreach and have sought to undermine it in Congress and the courts since it was passed by Democratic majorities in the House and Senate in 2010. Democrats say Obamacare has allowed growing numbers of Americans to get medical insurance and helped slow the rise in healthcare spending. ",1
6296,Biden calls for Russia sanctions to stay as Trump moots deal,"KIEV (Reuters) - Outgoing U.S. Vice President Joe Biden called on Monday for sanctions on Russia to stay, urging the world to stand up to its “coercion and aggression” after President-elect Donald Trump mooted ending the measures under a possible deal with Moscow. Speaking on a swan song visit to Kiev, Biden said the G7 nations and European Union should lift the sanctions only after Russia had fully implemented a peace deal on ending a separatist rebellion in eastern Ukraine and returned control of Crimea. Trump, who will be inaugurated on Friday, raised the prospect that he would propose offering to end the sanctions imposed over Russia’s 2014 annexation of Crimea and its role in the rebellion in return for a nuclear arms reduction deal.   Without mentioning Trump, Biden appeared to take issue with the President-elect’s comments made in an interview published in  Monday’s edition of the Times of London.     “The international community must continue to stand as one against Russian coercion and aggression,” he told reporters, standing alongside Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko. Biden stressed the 2015 deal on ending the rebellion by pro-Russian insurgents which is still continuing, with Washington accusing Moscow of failing to keep its side of the bargain. “Together with our EU and G7 partners, we made it clear that sanctions should remain in place until Russia fully, emphasize fully, implements its commitments under the Minsk agreement,” he said, adding that Crimea-related sanctions must also stay “until Russia returns full control to the people of Ukraine”. U.S. support for Ukraine has contributed to a deterioration in relations with Russia to their worst since the Cold War.  Under President Barack Obama, Washington has invested heavily in helping Kiev make a success of a 2013-2014 uprising which forced a Kremlin-backed leader to flee and installed the pro-Western opposition in power. Trump’s open admiration of Russian President Vladimir Putin and stated desire to improve bilateral ties have stoked fears in Kiev that U.S. resolve to hold Russia to account could waver. Biden has mixed support with some tough talking about Ukraine’s patchy efforts in tackling graft, and has previously warned that international help is conditional on Kiev making good on promises to tackle endemic bribe-taking. “You’re fighting ... the cancer of corruption,” Biden, who leaves office on Jan. 20 along with Obama, said on Monday. Poroshenko said Ukraine believed in good cooperation with the new U.S. administration and urged sanctions to stay, without mentioning Trump’s remarks on a deal with Russia. A Kremlin spokesman said it was too early to comment. Biden has been the front man for U.S. policy towards Ukraine, visiting Kiev five times since the change in power and maintaining such regular telephone contact with Ukrainian officials that he has joked he talks to them more than his wife. As Biden left the room, a journalist asked if he thought the Trump administration would give Ukraine the same priority as he had. Biden gave a thumbs up and said: “Hope springs eternal.” Continued Western support is vital for Ukraine. The economy, which has been badly hit by the war in the east, is slowly emerging from two years of recession but remains dependent on external financial help. The United States has so far provided over $3 billion and said it could offer more, provided reform efforts continue. Andy Hunder, the head of the American Chamber of Commerce in Ukraine, said Kiev would have to put much time and resources into dealing with the new U.S. administration. “On Jan. 20 Ukraine will be waking up to a new reality,” he told Reuters. “There is a concern in Kiev about how the new relationship will develop. It will require building new bridges to the influencers, the gatekeepers and decision-makers.” Kiev has already taken steps to win the good favor of the those calling the shots in the Trump administration. Days after his election in November, Poroshenko’s office started planning an official visit to Washington in early 2017. The Ukrainian government has hired former Republican National Committee chairman Haley Barbour and his lobbying firm BGR Group to lobby U.S. politicians and arrange meetings between U.S. and Ukrainian officials. This is not to say that Ukraine lacks senior political advocates in the United States.  A bipartisan group of U.S. senators, including John McCain and Marco Rubio, said last week they wanted to slap a wide range of sanctions on Russia over its cyber activities and actions in Ukraine and Syria. A sanctions bill with similar provisions is being written in the House of Representatives. “Our job is to make sure this attention on Ukraine does not wane,” Ukraine’s Ambassador to the United States, Valeriy Chaliy said on Wednesday. ",1
6297,Kerry says it's inappropriate for Trump to step into German politics,"LONDON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said on Monday it was “inappropriate” for Donald Trump to brand German Chancellor Angela Merkel’s refugee policy “a catastrophic mistake”. “I thought frankly it was inappropriate for a president-elect of the United States to be stepping into the politics of other countries in a quite direct manner,” Kerry told CNN’s Christiane Amanpour during a one-day visit to London in the last week of the Obama administration. “He will have to speak to that. As of Friday, he is responsible for that relationship.” Trump, who will be sworn in as president on Friday, had said in a joint interview with Bild newspaper and the Times of London that he respected Merkel, but criticized her stance on refugees, which allowed a wave of more than 1 million refugees into Germany. Merkel faces a tough re-election battle in September. “I think we have to be very careful about suggesting that one’s strongest leaders in Europe, and most important players with respect to where we are heading, made one mistake or another. I don’t think it’s appropriate for us to be commenting on that,” Kerry said. He rejected Trump’s description of Merkel’s refugee policy as “catastrophic”. “I think she was extremely courageous. I don’t think it amounts to that characterization,” Kerry said. “It has had some problems, but everybody has had some problems with this challenge of how to respond as a big nation, a great nation, as the West, where our values, our principles are important with respect to caring for people who are in distress,” he added. The United States has admitted far fewer Syrian refugees than some allies, such as Germany. Trump has said violent militants could enter the country posing as refugees.    The CNN interview came a day after Kerry attended a one-day conference of 70 nations in Paris on Israeli-Palestinian peace. The conference reaffirmed that only a two-state solution could resolve the conflict and warned against unilateral steps by either side that could prejudge negotiations. Trump has said resolving the conflict will be a priority of his administration and suggested that his son-in-law Jared Kushner could help broker a peace deal between the Israelis and Palestinians. Kerry, who tried for nine months to forge an agreement between the two sides, welcomed Trump’s efforts but pushed back at a suggestion that the Obama administration was to blame for the failure to clinch a deal. “No, no, the leaders of the two countries involved ... have failed to come to the table to reach an agreement. You can lead a horse to water, you can’t make it drink, and we did a lot of leading to a lot of water.” ",1
6298,Trump says NATO is obsolete but still 'very important to me',"LONDON (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump said NATO was obsolete because it had not defended against terror attacks, but that the military alliance was still very important to him, The Times of London reported. “I took such heat, when I said NATO was obsolete,” Trump told the newspaper in an interview. “It’s obsolete because it wasn’t taking care of terror. I took a lot of heat for two days. And then they started saying Trump is right.” Trump added that many NATO members were not paying their fair share for U.S. protection. “A lot of these countries aren’t paying what they’re supposed to be paying, which I think is very unfair to the United States,” Trump said. “With that being said, NATO is very important to me. There’s five countries that are paying what they’re supposed to. Five. It’s not much.” ",1
6299,"German minister says EU, NATO nations concerned by Trump's NATO remarks","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Foreign ministers from NATO and European Union nations are concerned about comments on NATO that U.S. President-elect Donald Trump made in a newspaper interview published on Monday, German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier said. “I’ve spoken today not only with EU foreign ministers but NATO foreign ministers as well and can report that the signals are that there’s been no easing of tensions,” Steinmeier told reporters when asked about Trump’s interview with Bild newspaper and the Times of London. In the interview, Trump said he viewed NATO as obsolete because it had not defended against terror attacks. ",1
6300,Factbox: Global carmakers' operations in Mexico,"(Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump warned German car companies he would impose a border tax of 35 percent on vehicles imported to the U.S. market from Mexico, singling out luxury carmaker BMW for criticism following previous broadsides aimed at General Motors, Ford and Toyota. Mexico accounts for a fifth of all vehicle production in North America and has attracted more than $24 billion in auto investment since 2010, according to the Michigan-based Center for Automotive Research. Auto assembly is projected to more than double in size between 2010 and 2020 as carmakers invest around $13 billion to move 3.3 million units of capacity from Japan, Germany and South Korea. Carmakers are attracted by Mexico’s unique free trade position as well as lower labor costs. Below are some facts on the operations of the main global carmakers with plants in Mexico. Production figures are according to the Mexican Automotive Industry Association. NISSAN (7201.T) 2015 production: 822,948 vehicles Nissan is the largest automaker operating in Mexico. It built its first overseas plant in Mexico 50 years ago and now produces mainly its entry-level Versa and Sentra sedans there. It exports roughly half of its output to the United States, where it also has production plants. Nissan and Renault Chief Executive Carlos Ghosn said this month he was watching the incoming Trump administration closely and would respond to whatever policies it adopts. GENERAL MOTORS (GM.N) 2015 production: 690,446 Trump has criticized GM for building cars in Mexico while laying off workers in the United States. GM said in 2015 it would invest $350 million to produce its next-generation Chevrolet Cruze compact cars in Mexico, as part of a $5 billion investment in its Mexican plants announced in 2014, creating 5,600 jobs. It has defended the arrangement as part of its strategy to serve global customers. In November, GM said it planned to lay off 2,000 employees at two U.S. auto plants in early 2017. When asked earlier this month about the company’s plans for investments in Mexico, GM CEO Mary Barra said she could not comment, but emphasized a willingness to cooperate with the incoming Trump administration. FIAT-CHRYSLER (FCHA.MI) 2015 production: 503,589 Fiat Chrysler CEO Sergio Marchionne said this month that uncertainty over Trump’s trade and tax policies could lead automakers to delay investments in Mexico, and confirmed plans to create 2,000 jobs at his company’s U.S. factories with an investment of $1 billion. He said he had not made a decision on whether to move production of certain Ram heavy-duty pickups from Mexico to the Unites States. “If tomorrow morning President-elect Trump decides to impose a border tax on anything that comes up from Mexico, then we’ll have to adjust,” he said. VOLKSWAGEN (VOWG_p.DE) 2015 production: 457,517 Volkswagen has had a plant in Mexico for 50 years and is not shifting any jobs to Mexico from the United States. It has around 16,500 employees in Mexico, who built 345,000 engines as well as cars in 2015. In the United States, it has around 3,200 workers at its plant in Chattanooga, Tennessee which built 87,000 cars in 2015. It plans to invest $7 billion in the United States between 2015 and 2019. Its Audi luxury car brand opened a $1.3 billion factory in Mexico last year, its first in the country and eventually slated to be its only source globally for its Q5 SUVs. It plans initial production of 150,000 cars a year. FORD (F.N) 2015 production: 433,752 Ford scrapped a planned $1.6 billion Mexican car factory this month and added 700 jobs at a cost of $700 million in Michigan following criticism by Trump. It said it was a response to a decline in North American demand for small cars like those that would have been made at the plant, and CEO Mark Fields said Ford would have made the same decision even had Trump not been elected. Ford still plans to shift production from Michigan of its Focus compact car to an existing plant in Mexico. HONDA (7267.T) 2015 production: 203,657 Honda has two auto plants in Mexico, which together build around 100,000 motorcycles a year as well as cars. Vehicles made in Mexico comprise less than 10 percent of Honda’s total U.S. vehicle sales. Honda said in October it was shifting production of the new generation of its CR-V sport utility vehicle to the United States from Mexico. But its president said it had no immediate plans to curb production in Mexico, preferring to wait until after Trump’s inauguration.  MAZDA (7261.T) 2015 production: 182,357 Mazda began producing cars in Mexico in 2014, with production of the Mazda3 sedan for the United States. Vehicles made in Mexico comprise around 30 percent of Mazda’s total U.S. vehicle sales. TOYOTA (7203.T) 2015 production: 104,810 Toyota plans to raise output from its plant in Baja California, Mexico to around 160,000 units by 2018. It is also building a plant in Guanajuato city which will have an annual capacity of 200,000 when it comes online in 2019. Trump took on Toyota earlier this month, warning the world’s largest automaker that it would face a “big border tax” if it exported Mexico-built cars to the U.S. market. Toyota President Akio Toyoda said in response: “We’re always considering ways to increase production in the United States, regardless of the political situation.” Vehicles made in Mexico comprise less than 10 percent of Toyota’s total U.S. vehicle sales. But it has said its Guanajuato plant under construction in Mexico will produce the entry-level Corolla sedan, a vehicle segment currently produced at its plants in Mississippi, Missouri, and Ontario, Canada. Toyota plans to invest $10 billion in the United States over the next five years, the same as in the previous five years. KIA (000270.KS), HYUNDAI (005380.KS) Kia is building a $1 billion plant in Mexico, with a capacity of 300,000 vehicles a year, to cater for demand from North and South America. Affiliate Hyundai also plans to build its Accent small car at the Kia factory this year, two people familiar with the matter have told Reuters, shifting output out of high-cost South Korea. It will be the first Hyundai car to be made in Mexico.  BMW (BMWG.DE) BMW is building a new plant in Mexico, where it plans to invest $2.2 billion by 2019 for annual production of 150,000 cars, with the output intended for the world market. It also has sizeable factories in the United States, where it builds higher-margin SUVs for export to Asia and Europe.  DAIMLER (DAIGn.DE) Daimler has said it plans to begin assembling Mercedes-Benz vehicles in 2018 from a $1 billion facility shared with Renault-Nissan (RENA.PA), (7201.T) in Aguascalientes in Mexico. ",1
6301,Germany's Merkel working toward spring meeting with Trump: sources,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Chancellor Angela Merkel is working to set a date this spring for a meeting with Donald Trump, who will be sworn in as U.S. president on Friday, German government sources said on Monday. Merkel had offered to meet Trump in the United States in her capacity as chairman of the Group of 20 leading economies, the sources said. The chancellor has spoken with Trump only once, shortly after his election to succeed U.S. President Barack Obama. In a joint interview published by the Times of London and Germany’s Bild newspaper on Monday, Trump said he had always had “great respect” for Merkel, but described her 2015 decision to allow in a wave of a million migrants as a “catastrophic mistake” that opened the door to terrorist attacks. Merkel refused to comment on the interview during a news conference with New Zealand Prime Minister Bill English, saying she would wait until after Trump’s inauguration and then planned to work with him at all levels of government. ",1
6302,Germany's Schaeuble warns Trump over protectionism: WSJ,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble has issued a warning to U.S. President-elect Donald Trump over the dangers of protectionist trade policies, adding that what he called “fake news” coming out of Russia amounted to a propaganda war. “Whoever wants growth - and I trust this administration will be a growth-friendly one - must be in favor of open markets,” Schaeuble told the Wall Street Journal in an interview. “Protectionism can afford short-term advantages but is almost always damaging in the long term,” he added. The paper said Schaeuble was speaking before the publication of a Trump interview with German daily Bild, in which the president-elect threatened to impose a border tax of 35 percent on vehicles imported to the U.S. market. Schaeuble also said countries must do more to counter attempts to influence politics via fake news, highlighting the high-profile case of a German-Russian girl who Russian media said was kidnapped and raped by migrants in Berlin, a claim later refuted by German authorities.  “Some people are being misled by fake news from Russian-language, state- financed and directed television,” Schaeuble said. “One cannot describe this as anything but a propaganda war.” ",1
6303,BMW will open Mexican factory in 2019 despite Trump: executive,"MUNICH (Reuters) - BMW (BMWG.DE) will stick to plans to open a Mexican plant in 2019 despite warnings by U.S. President-elect Donald Trump to slap a border tax on the German brand’s vehicles made in Mexico and destined for the United States, an executive said. In an interview with German newspaper Bild published on Sunday, Trump said BMW should build its new car factory in the United States because this would be “much better” for the firm. But BMW will stick to its plans and open the factory in San Luis Potosi in 2019, executive Peter Schwarzenbauer told reporters at a conference in Munich on Monday. The new Mexican plant would build the BMW 3 Series starting from 2019, with the output intended for the world market. The factory would be an addition to existing 3 Series production facilities in Germany and China. ",1
6304,Trump's offer to Russia: an end to sanctions for nuclear arms cut - London Times,"LONDON (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump will propose offering to end sanctions imposed on Russia over its annexation of Crimea in return for a nuclear arms reduction deal with Moscow, he told The Times of London. Criticizing previous U.S. foreign policy in an interview published on Monday, he described the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq in 2003 as possibly the gravest error in the history of the United States and akin to “throwing rocks into a beehive”. But Trump, who will be inaugurated on Friday as the 45th U.S. president, raised the prospect of the first big nuclear arms control agreement with Moscow since the Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty signed by President Barack Obama in 2010. “They have sanctions on Russia — let’s see if we can make some good deals with Russia,” the Republican president-elect was quoted as saying by The Times. “For one thing, I think nuclear weapons should be way down and reduced very substantially, that’s part of it. But Russia’s hurting very badly right now because of sanctions, but I think something can happen that a lot of people are gonna benefit.” The United States and Russia are by far the world’s biggest nuclear powers. The United States has 1,367 nuclear warheads on deployed strategic missiles and bombers, and Russia has 1,796 such deployed warheads, according to the latest published assessment by the U.S. State Department. Under the 2010 New START treaty, Russia and the United States agreed to limit the number of long-range, strategic nuclear weapons they can deploy.  Trump has said he will seek to improve relations with Moscow despite criticism that he is too eager to make an ally of Russian President Vladimir Putin.  The United States and other Western powers imposed sanctions on Russia in 2014 over its annexation of the Crimea peninsula from Ukraine and its support for pro-Russia separatists in eastern Ukraine.  Asked whether he would trust German Chancellor Angela Merkel or Putin more, Trump said: “Well, I start off trusting both —but let’s see how long that lasts. It may not last long at all.” His relations with Moscow have faced renewed scrutiny after an unsubstantiated report that Russia had collected compromising information about Trump. The information was summarized in a U.S. intelligence report which was presented to Trump and Obama this month. The report concluded Russia tried to sway the outcome of the Nov. 8 election in Trump’s favor by hacking and other means. It did not make an assessment on whether Russia’s attempts affected the election’s outcome. Trump accused U.S. intelligence agencies of leaking the  information from the unverified dossier, which he called “fake news” and phony stuff.” Intelligence leaders denied the charge and Moscow has dismissed the accusations against it. In the interview with The Times, Trump was also critical of Russia’s intervention in Syria’s civil war which, along with the help of Iran, has tilted the conflict in President Bashar al-Assad’s favor. “I think it’s a very rough thing,” Trump said of Russian intervention in Syria. “Aleppo has been such a terrible humanitarian situation.” The war has killed more than 300,000 people, created the world’s worst refugee crisis and aided the rise of the Islamic State militant group. On NATO, Trump repeated his view that the military alliance was obsolete but said it was still very important for him. “I took such heat, when I said NATO was obsolete,” Trump told The Times, referring to comments he made during his presidential election campaign. “It’s obsolete because it wasn’t taking care of terror. I took a lot of heat for two days. And then they started saying Trump is right.” Trump said many NATO member states were not paying their fair share for U.S. protection. “A lot of these countries aren’t paying what they’re supposed to be paying, which I think is very unfair to the United States,” Trump said. “With that being said, NATO is very important to me. There’s five countries that are paying what they’re supposed to. Five. It’s not much.” Trump said he would appoint his son-in-law, Jared Kushner, to try to broker a Middle East peace deal, urged Britain to veto any new U.N. Security Council resolution critical of Israel and criticized Obama’s handling of the deal between Iran and six  world powers including the United States which curbed Tehran’s nuclear program.  On Britain’s vote to leave the European Union, Trump said: “Brexit is going to end up being a great thing” and said he was eager to get a trade deal done with the United Kingdom.  ",1
6305,Russia ready to rebuild security ties with U.S. under Trump: Putin ally,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia is ready to resume cooperation with the United States on security issues such as the fight against terrorism and cyber crime, a close ally of President Vladimir Putin said, days before the inauguration of Donald Trump as president. Trump, who has praised Putin as “very smart”, has signaled he wants to improve strained ties with Russia, despite U.S. intelligence agencies alleging the Kremlin chief ordered a cyber campaign to discredit rival Hillary Clinton during the 2016 presidential race.  Russia denies it tried to sway the U.S. election by hacking or other means and Trump has played down the allegations. Last week, he also dismissed accusations that Moscow had collected compromising information about him as “fake news” and “phone stuff”. In an interview published on Monday, Nikolai Patrushev, secretary of Russia’s Security Council, struck a cautiously positive tone on the prospects for collaboration with Washington after a period of icy relations under Barack Obama. “If Donald Trump’s administration is interested we will be ready to resume full-format consultations with our American partners through the Russian Federation’s Security Council,” Patrushev told the government-controlled daily Rossiiskaya Gazeta. However, Patrushev added that he did not expect rapid improvements or a swift lifting of sanctions he said the West had deliberately imposed to “hold Russia back” because the two sides were starting from such a low base. Patrushev made his comments before Trump told Britain’s Sunday Times in a weekend interview that he would propose offering to end sanctions imposed on Russia over its annexation of Ukraine’s Crimea region in return for a nuclear arms reduction deal with Moscow. On Monday the Kremlin said it would wait until Trump takes office on Friday before commenting on any proposals.  Any agreements to resume cooperation would have to be guided by the principles of mutual respect and equality, said Patrushev. Putin himself chairs Russia’s Security Council. Trump has said Russia can be an important ally against militant Islamist groups such as Islamic State.  Patrushev said he believed the Obama administration had deliberately tried to discredit Russia because it was unwilling to accept that Washington’s position of global leadership was slipping. Obama has been strongly critical of Russian policy in Ukraine and in Syria.  In excerpts from Patrushev’s interview released on Sunday, he told Rossiiskaya Gazeta that Russia was facing increased cyber attacks from abroad - turning against Western countries their own charges of Russian meddling in their affairs.  ",1
6306,Germany says in interests of EU and U.S. to pursue TTIP talks,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany still regards the TTIP EU-U.S. free-trade deal as an important project and believes it is in both European and U.S. interests to continue negotiations, government spokesman Steffen Seibert said on Monday. U.S. President-elect Donald Trump has opposed the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP). “For the government, nothing has changed in that TTIP would still be a very important transatlantic project and it is in European and German interests, and in our view U.S. interests too, to resume negotiations on this,” Seibert said. “Whether that happens, I cannot say. We will have to await the position the new U.S. government takes on this,” Seibert told a regular government news conference. ",1
6307,Kremlin says too early to react to Trump nuclear cuts offer,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Kremlin said on Monday it was too early to comment on a proposal by U.S. President-elect Donald Trump to do a deal with Moscow on nuclear arms cuts in exchange for Washington lifting sanctions imposed on Moscow over the Ukraine crisis. Trump told The Times of London in an interview published online on Sunday that he would propose offering to end sanctions imposed on Russia for its annexation of Crimea in return for a nuclear arms reduction deal with Russian President Vladimir Putin. Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov, in a conference call with reporters, said Russia would wait until Trump took office before commenting on any proposed deals. There were currently no talks on possible nuclear arms cuts with the United States and Russia did not intend to raise the sanctions issue itself in negotiations with foreign countries, said Peskov. He also dismissed media reports of a planned meeting between Putin and Trump. “All these statements about preliminary agreements about a meeting do not correspond to reality,” said Peskov.  “Right now there are no agreements, drafts or any preparations underway for a meeting because the president and Mr Trump have not discussed this in any way.” Asked if the Kremlin agreed with Trump’s view that NATO is obsolete, something the U.S. president-elect repeated in the same interview, Peskov pointed out that the Kremlin had long been making the same point. ",1
6308,Russian lawmakers give mixed reaction to Trump's nuclear cuts offer,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Parliamentarians in Russia gave a mixed reaction on Monday to U.S. President-elect Donald Trump’s proposal to strike a deal on nuclear arms cuts in exchange for Washington lifting sanctions imposed on Moscow over the Ukraine crisis. Konstantin Kosachev, head of the upper house of parliament’s international affairs committee, was cited by the RIA Novosti news agency as saying getting the sanctions annulled was not a goal in itself and not worth making security concessions for. “We consider them (the sanctions) a stupid legacy of the outgoing White House team that need to be consigned to history along with them,” said Kosachev.   But another Russian senator, Oleg Morozov, was quoted by the same agency as saying that Moscow would be ready to discuss the issue of nuclear cuts, something he said Russia itself favored. Trump told The Times of London in an interview published online on Sunday that he would propose offering to end sanctions imposed on Russia for its annexation of Crimea in return for a nuclear arms reduction deal with Russian President Vladimir Putin.           ",1
6309,Trump's team considers moving White House press room,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump’s team could move the White House press briefing room from the West Wing to another location that accommodates more media from around the country and the world, senior officials in the incoming administration said on Sunday. Esquire magazine reported on Saturday that the Trump administration planned to relocate White House reporters from the press room to the White House Conference Center or the Old Executive Office Building next door. Speaking on ABC’s “This Week,” incoming White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus said on Sunday that Trump’s team discussed moving news conferences out of the small West Wing briefing room to the Old Executive Office Building, which is part of the White House complex. Such a move would mark a potential change in access for reporters as the current briefing room is only steps from the Oval Office.  Vice President-elect Mike Pence and Priebus both said no decision had been made. Trump has had a contentious relationship with some prominent U.S. news organization that he refers to derisively as the “mainstream media,” banning some news outlets during the presidential campaign and publicly criticizing individual reporters. On CBS’ “Face the Nation,” Pence did not respond directly when asked whether potentially moving reporters was a logistical move or a punitive one. “The interest of the team is to make sure that we accommodate the broadest number of people who are interested and media from around the country and around the world,” Pence said. Tensions with Trump escalated last week after some news organizations reported unsubstantiated allegations that suggested the president-elect could be blackmailed by Russia. At a raucous news conference last week in New York, Trump pointedly refused to take a question from a CNN reporter and called the news outlet “fake news.” The White House Correspondents’ Association objected in a statement to “any move that would shield the president and his advisers from the scrutiny of an on-site White House press corps,” and said it would fight to keep the briefing room and access to senior administration officials open. Jeff Mason, a Reuters White House correspondent who is president of the association, said in a statement on Sunday he met for nearly two hours with incoming White House press secretary Sean Spicer. Mason said he made it clear the association “would view it as unacceptable if the incoming administration sought to move White House reporters out of the press work space behind the press briefing room” as Trump’s team considers a larger briefing room. “Access in the West Wing to senior administration officials, including the press secretary, is critical to transparency and to journalists’ ability to do their jobs,” Mason said. Mason said Spicer “expressed concern that journalists adhere to a high level of decorum at press briefings and press conferences. I made clear that the WHCA would object, always, to a reporter being thrown out of a briefing or press conference.” Priebus said: “I know that some of the folks in the press are uptight about this, and I understand.” He said the only thing that had been discussed was whether or not the initial press conferences would be held in the existing press room that he said was “very, very tiny.” The current press room has about 49 seats. “So no one is moving out of the White House,” Priebus said. The White House Conference Center had been used as a temporary press room during the George W. Bush administration The briefing room was built in 1970 by Richard Nixon over an old swimming pool installed by Franklin Roosevelt that was used regularly by John F. Kennedy but underutilized by later administrations. But the presence of reporters at the White House dates back even farther. In addition to theater-style seats where the White House press secretary conducts daily briefings, the press area of the White House includes workspace for television, radio, print and online news organizations that cover the administration on a daily basis. ",1
6310,"Trump says Brexit to be 'a great thing', wants quick trade deal with UK","LONDON (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump said that Brexit would turn out to be a great thing and other countries would follow Britain out of the European Union but promised to strike a swift bilateral trade deal with the United Kingdom. Speaking in an interview with The Times of London newspaper five days before his inauguration, Trump described himself as a big fan of Britain and endorsed last year’s vote to leave the European Union. “I think Brexit is going to end up being a great thing,” Trump said. “I’ll tell you, the fact that your pound sterling has gone down? Great. Because business is unbelievable in a lot of parts in the UK.” The June 23 vote took many investors and chief executives by surprise, triggering the deepest political and financial turmoil in Britain since World War Two and the biggest ever one-day fall in sterling against the dollar. Sterling has since fallen further against the U.S. dollar as traders, businesses and investors fret about the type of relationship Britain will have with its biggest single trading partner after it leaves the bloc. Trump’s election campaign seized on the Brexit vote as an example of disillusioned voters rising up against the political establishment, and he forged a friendship with leading Brexit campaigner Nigel Farage - a fierce critic of Prime Minister Theresa May. Trump’s election has raised questions over the future of the so called ‘special relationship’ that has underpinned close British-American ties for decades. But in Sunday’s interview Trump played up his ancestral ties to Britain, saying his Scottish mother was “so proud” of Queen Elizabeth, and said he was eager to get a trade deal done. “We’re gonna work very hard to get it done quickly and done properly. Good for both sides,” Trump said. “I will be meeting with [May]. She’s requesting a meeting and we’ll have a meeting right after I get into the White House ... we’re gonna get something done very quickly.” However, he predicted that more countries would seek to follow Britain’s example and quit the EU. “I believe others will leave,” he said. “If refugees keep pouring into different parts of Europe . . . I think it’s gonna be very hard to keep it together because people are angry about it.” He singled out German Chancellor Angela Merkel - whose open-door policies have allowed about 1.1 million refugees from Syria, Iraq, Afghanistan and elsewhere into Germany since mid-2015 - calling her immigration policy a catastrophic mistake. ",1
6311,"CIA director warns Trump to watch what he says, be careful on Russia","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - CIA Director John Brennan on Sunday offered a stern parting message for Donald Trump days before the Republican U.S. president-elect takes office, cautioning him against loosening sanctions on Russia and warning him to watch what he says. Brennan rebuked Trump for comparing U.S. intelligence agencies to Nazi Germany in comments by the outgoing CIA chief that reflected the extraordinary friction between the incoming president and the 17 intelligence agencies he will begin to command once he takes office on Friday. In an interview with “Fox News Sunday,” Brennan questioned the message sent to the world if the president-elect broadcasts that he does not have confidence in the United States’ own intelligence agencies. “What I do find outrageous is equating the intelligence community with Nazi Germany. I do take great umbrage at that, and there is no basis for Mr. Trump to point fingers at the intelligence community for leaking information that was already available publicly,” Brennan said. Brennan’s criticism followed a tumultuous week of finger-pointing between Trump and intelligence agency leaders over an unsubstantiated report that Russia had collected compromising information about Trump. The unverified dossier was summarized in a U.S. intelligence report presented to Trump and outgoing President Barack Obama this month that concluded Russia tried to sway the outcome of the Nov. 8 election in Trump’s favor by hacking and other means. The report did not make an assessment on whether Russia’s attempts affected the election’s outcome. Trump has accused the intelligence community of leaking the dossier information, which its leaders denied. They said it was their responsibility to inform the president-elect that the allegations were being circulated. Later on Sunday, Trump took to Twitter to berate Brennan and wrote, “Was this the leaker of Fake News?” In a separate posting, Trump scolded “those intelligence chiefs” for presenting the dossier as part of their briefing. “When people make mistakes, they should APOLOGIZE,” he wrote. Brennan also sounded an alarm on U.S. relations with Russia. Trump has vowed to improve relations with Moscow even as he faces criticism that he is too eager to make an ally of Russian President Vladimir Putin.  Trump does not yet have a full understanding of Russia’s actions, Brennan said, noting its seizure of Crimea from Ukraine, its support for President Bashar al-Assad in Syria’s civil war and Moscow’s aggressive activities in the cyber realm. “Mr. Trump has to understand that absolving Russia of various actions it has taken in the past number of years is a road that he, I think, needs to be very, very careful about moving down,” Brennan said. In an interview with the Wall Street Journal published on Friday, Trump suggested he might do away with sanctions imposed by the Obama administration on Russia in late December in response to the cyber attacks if Moscow proves helpful in battling terrorists and reaching other U.S. goals. Brennan also said Trump needs to be mindful about his off-the-cuff remarks once he assumes the presidency, alluding to Trump’s penchant for making broad pronouncements on Twitter. “Spontaneity is not something that protects national security interests,” Brennan said. “So therefore when he speaks or when he reacts, just make sure he understands that the implications and impact on the United States could be profound.” “It’s more than just about Mr. Trump. It’s about the United States of America,” Brennan said. Trump has picked Mike Pompeo, a Republican member of the House of Representatives and a former U.S. Army officer, to replace Brennan. Trump’s comments about Putin and his reluctance to assign blame to Moscow for the hacking of Democratic political groups has opened him up to criticism that he will be too soft on Russia. For months, Trump had publicly expressed doubt about U.S. intelligence conclusions on the cyber attacks before acknowledging at a news conference on Wednesday that he thought Russia was behind the hacking. Vice President-elect Mike Pence told “Fox News Sunday,”     “What the president-elect is determined to do is to explore the possibility of better relations.” Pence did not say whether Trump would undo some of the sanctions and diplomatic expulsions Obama had slapped on Moscow. Pence confirmed that Trump’s incoming national security adviser, Michael Flynn, held conversations with the Russian ambassador to Washington around the time the sanctions were imposed, but said the talks “were not in any way related to the new U.S. sanctions against Russia or the expulsion of diplomats.” However, Pence denied that Trump’s team had any contact with Russian officials during the presidential campaign. “Of course not,” he told Fox. Leaders of the Senate Intelligence Committee said on Friday they will investigate alleged Russian attempts to influence the election and links between Russia and the political campaigns. ",1
6312,Obama says U.N. vote didn't rupture U.S.-Israel relations,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama played down fallout from a U.S. abstention on a United Nations resolution last month demanding an end to Israeli settlements in occupied territory, saying it did not trigger a significant break in relations with Israel. Relations between the United States and Israel, which have soured during Obama’s eight years in office, reached a low point late last month when Washington, defying pressure from longtime ally Israel and President-elect Donald Trump, declined to veto the U.N. resolution. After the Dec. 23 vote, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu described the U.S. move as “shameful” and accused the Obama administration of colluding with the Palestinians in the U.N. move against the settlements, which are considered illegal by most countries and described as illegitimate by Washington. The White House denied the charge. “I don’t think it caused a major rupture in relations between the United States and Israel,” Obama said in an interview with the CBS program “60 Minutes” airing on Sunday night, according to a  transcript provided by CBS. “If you’re saying that Prime Minister Netanyahu - got fired up, he’s been fired up repeatedly during the course of my presidency.” Trump has pledged to pursue more pro-Israeli policies and to move the U.S. Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, all but enshrining the city as Israel’s capital despite international objections. Obama, who leaves office on Friday, said Israel’s settlements had made it harder to imagine a contiguous, effective Palestinian state, seen as key to a long-sought two-state solution to end the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.  The Palestinians want an independent state in the West Bank, Gaza and East Jerusalem, areas Israel captured in a 1967 war. Israel disputes that settlements are illegal and says their final status should be determined in any future talks on Palestinian statehood. The last round of U.S.-led peace talks between the Israelis and Palestinians collapsed in 2014. ",1
6313,Davos elites struggle for answers as Trump era dawns,"DAVOS, Switzerland - The global economy is in better shape than it’s been in years. Stock markets are booming, oil prices are on the rise again and the risks of a rapid economic slowdown in China, a major source of concern a year ago, have eased. And yet, as political leaders, CEOs and top bankers make their annual trek up the Swiss Alps to the World Economic Forum in Davos, the mood is anything but celebratory. Beneath the veneer of optimism over the economic outlook lurks acute anxiety about an increasingly toxic political climate and a deep sense of uncertainty surrounding the U.S. presidency of Donald Trump, who will be inaugurated on the final day of the forum. Last year, the consensus here was that Trump had no chance of being elected. His victory, less than half a year after Britain voted to leave the European Union, was a slap at the principles that elites in Davos have long held dear, from globalization and free trade to multilateralism. Trump is the poster child for a new strain of populism that is spreading across the developed world and threatening the post-war liberal democratic order. With elections looming in the Netherlands, France, Germany, and possibly Italy, this year, the nervousness among Davos attendees is palpable. “Regardless of how you view Trump and his positions, his election has led to a deep, deep sense of uncertainty and that will cast a long shadow over Davos,” said Jean-Marie Guehenno, CEO of International Crisis Group, a conflict resolution think-tank. Moises Naim of the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace was even more blunt: “There is a consensus that something huge is going on, global and in many respects unprecedented. But we don’t know what the causes are, nor how to deal with it.” The titles of the discussion panels at the WEF, which runs from Jan. 17-20, evoke the unsettling new landscape. Among them are “Squeezed and Angry: How to Fix the Middle Class Crisis”, “Politics of Fear or Rebellion of the Forgotten?”, “Tolerance at the Tipping Point?” and “The Post-EU Era”. The list of leaders attending this year is also telling. The star attraction will be Xi Jinping, the first Chinese president ever to attend Davos. His presence is being seen as a sign of Beijing’s growing weight in the world at a time when Trump is promising a more insular, “America first” approach and Europe is pre-occupied with its own troubles, from Brexit to terrorism. British Prime Minister Theresa May, who has the thorny task of taking her country out of the EU, will also be there. But Germany’s Angela Merkel, a Davos regular whose reputation for steady, principled leadership would have fit well with the WEF’s main theme of “Responsive and Responsible Leadership”, will not. Perhaps the central question in Davos, a four-day affair of panel discussions, lunches and cocktail parties that delve into subjects as diverse as terrorism, artificial intelligence and wellness, is whether leaders can agree on the root causes of public anger and begin to articulate a response. A WEF report on global risks released before Davos highlighted “diminishing public trust in institutions” and noted that rebuilding faith in the political process and leaders would be a “difficult task”. Guy Standing, the author of several books on the new “precariat”, a class of people who lack job security and reliable earnings, believes more people are coming around to the idea that free-market capitalism needs to be overhauled, including those that have benefited most from it. “The mainstream corporate types don’t want Trump and far-right authoritarians,” said Standing, who has been invited to Davos for the first time. “They want a sustainable global economy in which they can do business. More and more of them are sensible enough to realize that they have overreached.” But Ian Bremmer, president of U.S.-based political risk consultancy Eurasia Group, is not so sure. He recounted a recent trip to Goldman Sachs headquarters in New York where he saw bankers “rejoicing in the elevators” at the surge in stock markets and the prospect of tax cuts and deregulation under Trump. Both Goldman CEO Lloyd Blankfein and his JP Morgan counterpart Jamie Dimon will be in Davos. “If you want to find people who are going to rally together and say capitalism is fundamentally broken, Davos is not the place to go,” Bremmer said. Suma Chakrabarti, president of the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD), believes a “modern version of globalization” is possible but acknowledges it will take time to emerge. “It is going to be a long haul in persuading a lot of people that there is a different approach. But you don’t have to throw the baby out with the bath water,” he told Reuters. Still, some attendees worry that the pace of technological change and the integrated, complex nature of the global economy have made it more difficult for leaders to shape and control events, let alone reconfigure the global system. The global financial crisis of 2008/9 and the migrant crisis of 2015/16 exposed the impotence of politicians, deepening public disillusion and pushing people towards populists who offered simple explanations and solutions. The problem, says Ian Goldin, an expert on globalization and development at the University of Oxford, is that on many of the most important issues, from climate change to financial regulation, only multilateral cooperation can deliver results. And this is precisely what the populists reject. “The state of global politics is worse than it’s been in a long time,” said Goldin. “At a time when we need more coordination to tackle issues like climate change and other systemic risks, we are getting more and more insular.” ",1
6314,Trump team doubles down on rebuke of civil rights leader,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Donald Trump’s vice president and top aides on Sunday joined the U.S. president-elect in criticizing an historic civil rights activist and lawmaker for questioning the legitimacy of his election win, opening up a new divide days before the inauguration. U.S. Representative John Lewis, a Georgia Democrat, told NBC’s “Meet the Press” he thought hacking by Russians had helped Trump, a Republican, get elected in November. Lewis said he does not plan to attend Trump’s swearing in on Friday, the first time he would miss such an event since being elected to the House in 1986. Vice President-elect Mike Pence, incoming White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus and Trump spokesman Sean Spicer characterized Lewis’ remarks as disappointing and damaging to the reputation of U.S. democracy. “We honor the sacrifice that he made,” Pence said on CBS’ “Face the Nation.” “For someone of his stature not just in the civil rights movement but in voting rights to make a comment that he did not consider Donald Trump to be a legitimate president I think is deeply disappointing. I hope he reconsiders both statements.” Pence said he had attended both of President Barack Obama’s inaugurations. He said at a time when the country was facing challenges both at home and abroad, Americans should look for ways to come together and work together.  The 76-year-old Lewis, who has been a civil rights leader for more than half a century, was beaten by police during a march he helped lead in 1965 in Selma, Alabama, drawing attention to hurdles preventing blacks from voting.  He protested alongside leader Martin Luther King Jr. that day and on other occasions. The spat comes ahead of Monday’s federal holiday that honors King. Speaking on ABC’s “This Week”, Priebus said Lewis’ comments, given his position in society, were irresponsible.  “We need folks like John Lewis, and others who I think have been champions of voter rights, to actually recognize the fact that Donald Trump was duly elected,” said Priebus. “I think putting the United States down across the world is not something that a responsible person does.” Outgoing White House Chief of Staff Denis McDonough said Obama believed that Trump was the freely elected president. McDonough, however, said concerns raised by Lewis and other Democrats about Russia’s interference in the election were not trivial. “My hope would be that the president-elect will reach out to...John Lewis, who has done so many things over the course of his life, to try to work this out,” McDonough said on CNN’s State of the Union. Such a gesture, he said, would show Americans that the nation is united and send a message to the Russians that “their efforts to divide us, to weaken us, to advance their own interests, at the expense of ours, are going to fail.”   Trump’s aides defended his hard-hitting response on Twitter on Saturday that Lewis “should spend more time on fixing and helping his district, which is in horrible shape and falling apart (not to mention crime infested),” instead of complaining about the Nov. 8 election results. Lewis’ district encompasses Atlanta and the city’s main newspaper, the Atlanta Journal-Constitution, told Trump he was “wrong” in his characterization of the area, which includes “many of Atlanta’s crown jewels as well as pockets of poverty.”    “It was John Lewis that attacked Donald Trump. Donald Trump has a right to respond to that, and he did. And forcefully,” Spicer said on Fox News. But other Republicans and conservatives, like Senator Ben Sasse of Nebraska, had voiced support for Lewis on Saturday and his contribution not just to the United States, but to the world.     At least 10 other Democratic U.S. politicians have said they also plan to skip the inauguration.  ",1
6315,Republican senator to propose eliminating mandates in Obamacare bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Republican Senator Rand Paul said on Sunday that the Obamacare replacement bill he plans to unveil would get rid of some of the mandates for health insurance coverage with the aim of bringing down the cost of insurance. Speaking on the CNN program “State of the Union,” Paul also said his proposal would overhaul healthcare regulations to allow small businesses to band together to buy insurance. ",1
6316,Trump aides deny summit with Putin planned,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Two top aides to President-elect Donald Trump denied a published report on Saturday that he is planning to hold a summit with Russian President Vladimir Putin weeks after taking office. The Sunday Times of London reported that Trump had told British officials that such a summit was being planned, possibly to be staged in the Icelandic capital of Reykjavik. “The story is a fantasy,” one Trump aide told Reuters, speaking on condition of anonymity. Another said the report was not true. Trump, who takes office on Jan. 20, has spoken of seeking warmer relations with Russia.  He told the Wall Street Journal on Friday that he would “at least for a period of time” maintain sanctions against Russia put in place by President Barack Obama for cyber hacking.  But Trump suggested to the newspaper that he might lift the sanctions if Russia proved helpful in the fight against Islamic State militants and on other U.S. objectives. Two of Trump’s cabinet picks, Secretary of State nominee Rex Tillerson and Defense Secretary nominee James Mattis, have signaled a far harsher tone toward Moscow in their Senate confirmation hearings. U.S. intelligence agencies blame Russia for cyber hacking that interfered with the U.S. presidential election. Trump has said he accepted the intelligence agencies’ conclusion.  ",1
6317,Trump attacks civil rights leader who questioned his election win,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump began a long holiday weekend that honors slain black civil rights leader Martin Luther King Jr. by attacking another rights activist and politician who had said he does not see Trump as a “legitimate president.” U.S. Representative John Lewis, a Georgia Democrat, said on a segment of “Meet the Press” released by NBC on Friday he thought hacking by Russians had helped Trump, a Republican, get elected in November. Lewis said he does not plan to attend Trump’s Jan. 20 inauguration, the first time he would miss such an event since being elected to the House in 1986. On Saturday Trump tweeted that Lewis had falsely complained about the election results and instead “should spend more time on fixing and helping his district, which is in horrible shape and falling apart (not to mention crime infested).” “All talk, talk, talk - no action or results. Sad!” Trump tweeted. During the campaign, Trump said Democrats had failed African-Americans and Hispanics. “What the hell do you have to lose? Give me a chance,” he said at a rally last year in Ohio.  Trump won the presidency with less support from black and Hispanic voters than any president in the last 40 years, only 8 percent and 28 percent, respectively, polling data showed. The 76-year-old Lewis, who has been a civil rights leader for more than half a century, was beaten by police during a march he helped lead in 1965 in Selma, Alabama, drawing attention to hurdles for blacks to vote. He protested alongside King that day and on other occasions.   “I believe in forgiveness,” Lewis said in the NBC segment about Trump. “I believe in trying to work with people,” he said. “It’s going to be very difficult. I don’t see this president-elect as a legitimate president.”  At least 10 other Democratic U.S. politicians have also said they plan to skip the inauguration, including Representatives Raul Grijalva, Lacy Clay and Mark Takano.   Supporters of Trump see him as a brash person who tells things as they are. His comments about Lewis came ahead of an anti-Trump march in Washington headed by the Rev. Al Sharpton. The protest by about 2,000 marchers kicked off a week of rallies planned by dozens of groups against Trump before, during and after the inauguration. DisruptJ20, which is working with Black Lives Matter and other protest groups, said they are planning to disrupt balls celebrating the inauguration in Washington. Several of Trump’s fellow Republicans also criticized his tirade against Lewis.  Michael Steele, who served as the first black chairman of the Republican National Committee until 2011, said Trump’s tweets were unfortunate. “John Lewis has a walk that very few people in this country, least of all Donald Trump, have ever walked, so you have to respect that,” Steele said on MSNBC. If Trump is looking to fix a bridge to black voters, their expectation is he “will do so in a way that shows respect for our leadership,” Steele said. Senator Ben Sasse of Nebraska tweeted that “John Lewis and his ‘talk’ have changed the world.” Conservative critic Bill Kristol tweeted “It’s telling, I’m afraid, that Donald Trump treats (Russian President) Vladimir Putin with more respect than he does John Lewis.” Some 12 hours after his first tweets against Lewis, Trump came back with one more recommendation for the black leader.  “Congressman John Lewis should finally focus on the burning and crime infested inner-cities of the U.S. I can use all the help I can get!,” Trump tweeted late in the day.     ",1
6318,Singer Jennifer Holliday pulls out of Trump inauguration event,"LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Broadway star Jennifer Holliday said on Saturday she was pulling out of a concert celebrating the inauguration of President-elect Donald Trump, citing an online article that cast the performance as a “betrayal” of her gay and lesbian fans. The Tony Award-winning singer, best known for her roles in the Broadway musicals “Dreamgirls” and “Your Arms Too Short to Box with God,” announced the cancellation in a letter first published by The Wrap, an entertainment industry news website. “I sincerely apologize for my lapse of judgment, for being uneducated on the issues that affect every American at this crucial time in history and for causing such dismay and heartbreak to my fans,” Holliday said in the letter, which was released to Reuters by her representatives. Holliday was not scheduled to perform at Friday’s inauguration itself but at an event at the Lincoln Memorial the night before called the “Make America Great Again! Welcome Celebration.”  Also scheduled to appear are country music star Toby Keith, rock band 3 Doors Down and Oscar-winning actor Jon Voight. The Trump transition team referred questions to the Presidential Inaugural Committee, which did not comment directly on Holliday’s letter. “As Americans from across the country unite to celebrate the 58th Presidential Inaugural, we are humbled by the outpouring of support we are receiving and are honored to have so many world-class performers taking part in this historic celebration of freedom and democracy,” Boris Epshteyn, director of communications for the Presidential Inaugural Committee, said in a written statement.  In a column for the Daily Beast website, entertainment reporter Kevin Fallon called Holliday a gay icon for her work on Broadway and said that Trump had surrounded himself with politicians who vocally oppose lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender rights. “For the gay community that has bolstered Holliday’s, in her own words, embattled and difficult career, and cheered on her recent successes, the news (of Holliday’s planned performance) feels like a betrayal. It is heartbreaking,” Fallon wrote on Friday. In her letter, Holliday wrote that she had originally agreed to perform for Trump as a “bi-partisan songbird” who had sung for four presidents, both Republican and Democratic, dating back to Ronald Reagan. “I was honestly just thinking that I wanted my voice to be a healing and unifying force for hope through music to help our deeply polarized country,” Holliday wrote.  “Regretfully, I did not take into consideration that my performing for the concert would actually instead be taken as a political act against my own personal beliefs and be mistaken for support of Donald Trump and Mike Pence,” she said. In addition to her career on Broadway, Holliday has found success on the pop charts and as a Gospel singer.  She won a Tony Award in 1982 for her role as Effie White in the original production of “Dreamgirls” and two Grammy Awards later that decade. ",1
6319,Washington protesters vow to fight for civil rights under Trump,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. civil rights activists vowed on Saturday to defend hard-fought gains in voting rights and criminal justice during the presidency of Donald Trump, kicking off a week of protests ahead of the Republican’s inauguration. About 2,000 mostly black protesters ignored steady rain to march and rally near Washington’s Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial, as speakers urged them to fight for minority rights and President Barack Obama’s signature healthcare law, which Trump has vowed to dismantle. The Rev. Al Sharpton, the rally’s organizer and a veteran civil rights leader, said Democrats in Congress needed to be sent a simple message: “Get some backbone.” “We march in the driving rain because we want the nation to understand that what has been fought for and gained, that you’re going to need more than one election to turn it around,” he said. The rally drew fewer people than organizers had initially expected, but Sharpton said afterwards he was satisfied with the turnout, given the rain and temperatures hovering just above freezing.  “I really didn’t think we’d get those kind of numbers,” he said in a telephone interview.  Trump, a New York real estate developer, won with a populist platform that included promises to build a wall along the Mexican border, restrict immigration from Muslim countries and dismantle Obamacare. His choice of Senator Jeff Sessions, an Alabama Republican, to become attorney general has raised concern among many on the left that Trump could weaken voting rights for minorities and roll back criminal justice reforms. “We will march until hell freezes over, and when it does, we will march on the ice,” said Cornell William Brooks, president and chief executive of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. The rally also included the Hispanic group La Raza, politicians, relatives of African-Americans slain by police, the National Urban League, Planned Parenthood and the Human Rights Campaign, an advocacy group for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender civil rights. The rally came hours after Trump blasted U.S. Representative John Lewis after the Georgia Democrat and civil rights campaigner said Russia’s alleged hacking aimed at helping Trump put his legitimacy into question. Trump replied on Twitter that Lewis should focus instead on his Atlanta district. “All talk, talk, talk - no action or results! Sad!,” he wrote. About 30 groups, almost all of them anti-Trump, have gotten permits to protest before, during and after the inauguration.  Thousands of demonstrators have vowed to shut down the inauguration. Washington police and the U.S. Secret Service plan to have some 3,000 extra officers and an additional 5,000 National Guard troops on hand for security. By far the biggest event will be the Women’s March on Washington the day after the inauguration, which organizers say could draw 200,000 people. ",1
6320,House votes to begin repealing Obamacare,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House Republicans on Friday won passage of a measure starting the process of dismantling Obamacare, despite concerns about not having a ready replacement and the potential financial cost of repealing Democratic President Barack Obama’s landmark health insurance law. The House of Representatives voted 227-198 to instruct committees to draft legislation by a target date of Jan. 27 that would repeal the 2010 Affordable Health Care Act, popularly known as Obamacare. The Senate approved the same measure early Thursday. No Democrats supported the initiative. Nine Republicans voted against the measure. With this vote, Republicans began delivering on their promise to end Obamacare, which also was a campaign promise of Republican President-elect Donald Trump. The program, which expanded health coverage to some 20 million people, has been plagued by increases in insurance premiums and deductibles and by some large insurers leaving the system. The resolution passed by the House and Senate does not need presidential approval, since it is part of an internal congressional budget process. But once the Obamacare repeal legislation is drafted, both chambers will need to approve it, and a presidential signature will be required. By that time, Trump will have been sworn in as president. He has urged Congress to act quickly to repeal and replace the Democratic program. Obamacare was enacted nearly seven years ago - over Republican objections - in an effort to expand coverage and give new protections for people with pre-existing health conditions and other barriers that left them without insurance. In the past few years, the House has voted more than 60 times to repeal or alter Obamacare, but Republicans had no hope a repeal would become law as long as Obama was president and could veto their bills. House Speaker Paul Ryan, a Republican, said Obamacare was collapsing and action was urgent. For people who have health insurance through the Obamacare system, he said, “The deductibles are so high it doesn’t feel like you’ve got insurance in the first place. “We have to step in before things get worse. This is nothing short of a rescue mission,” Ryan said. Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi rebutted Republicans’ claims that the law was a failure. “The rate of growth in healthcare costs in our country has been greatly diminished by the Affordable Care Act,” she said. “In the more than 50 years that they have been measuring the rate of growth, it has never been slower than now.” The choice before lawmakers, she said, is “affordable care versus chaos.” Harvard University economist David Cutler warned that there could be trouble in U.S. insurance markets if lawmakers do repeal the law but a replacement is slow in coming. “You could create a lot of havoc,” he said, adding that some insurers “may get out of the market entirely.” Trump applauded Congress’s efforts with a Friday morning tweet saying, “The ‘Unaffordable’ Care Act will soon be history!”  The president-elect, who takes office on Jan. 20, pressed lawmakers this week to repeal and replace it “essentially simultaneously.” Republican leaders would like to finish the repeal process within weeks, but some lawmakers think it could take far longer. Some Republicans have expressed concern about starting a repeal before agreeing on how to replace provisions of the complicated and far-reaching law.  The nonpartisan Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget estimated repealing Obama’s signature health insurance law entirely would cost roughly $350 billion over 10 years. Republicans say a good replacement would give states more control of a healthcare program and provide more stability on health insurance premiums. ",1
6321,Women knit pink 'pussyhats' for rally after Trump inauguration,"LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Editors Note: Attention to language that may be offensive to some readers in paragraph 3 The National Mall in Washington could become a sea of bright pink the day after Donald Trump is inaugurated as U.S. president if the vision of a pair of Los Angeles women is realized.   For two months, Krista Suh and Jayna Zweiman have called on people around the world to make 1.17 million pink “pussyhats” for those attending the Women’s March, a rally on Jan. 21 organized with hopes of bringing attention to civil and human rights issues. The name of the hats comes partly from President-elect Trump’s comments in an infamous 2005 tape that came to light during his campaign in which, discussing women, he said: “Grab them by the pussy. You can do anything.” The project is meant to “create a sea of pink hats which is going to be a strong collective visual statement,” Zweiman said.  It is also meant to involve “people across the country and the world who want to be a part of the march but can’t physically be there and want to support the marchers,” she said.  The women have asked volunteers around the world to help sew, crochet or knit pink hats with ears by using simple patterns available on the project’s website. They say it is easier than knitting a scarf, the typical starter project for novices. “It’s a rectangle folded in half, stitched up the sides and when you put it on your round head, these ears come out,” said Zweiman, surrounded by women stitching away at a knitting store on Friday night. Marchers can get a hat by contacting a maker through an online distribution system, through social media or at sites in Washington. “So it’s a distribution system that’s very grassroots and our aim is to get a hat on every marcher’s head who wants one,” Zweiman said. Organizers have said the protest could draw around 200,000 people, but Suh and Zweiman decided to aim for the 1.17 million people that could feasibly fit in the Mall. For some knitters at Friday’s “pussyhat party,” it was hard to put the needles down as the deadline nears. “Doing this is taking my mind off things,” said Marina Mont’Ros.  “This will be my 35th hat. Every time I think ‘OK, that’s enough. I’ve made enough, I’m going to stop,’ I read something in the news and, give me that yarn! I’m making more.” ",1
6322,Trump team struggles for cohesion on tougher China policy,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The incoming U.S. administration’s tough talk against China has set the stage for showdowns on everything from security to trade and cyberspace, but contradictory signals are sowing uncertainty over how far President-elect Donald Trump is prepared to go in confronting Beijing. Highlighting the contested South China Sea as a potential flashpoint, Trump’s Secretary of State nominee Rex Tillerson threw out an explosive challenge to Beijing on Wednesday by calling for it be denied access to artificial islands it is building in the strategic waterway. A Trump transition adviser told Reuters that Tillerson, Trump’s pick to be America’s top diplomat, did not mean to suggest the new administration would impose a naval blockade, which would risk armed confrontation with China, something the new administration was not seeking. But another official authorized to speak on behalf of the transition team pushed back on that view, saying Tillerson “did not misspeak” when he said China should be barred from its man-made islands. Amid the conflicting signals on policy, the team appears to be making progress on plans for a major naval build-up in East Asia to counter China’s rise.  The transition adviser told Reuters about specifics under consideration, such as basing a second aircraft carrier in the region, deploying more destroyers, attack submarines and missile defense batteries and expanding or adding new bases in Japan and Australia.   They are also looking at installing “air force long-range strike assets” in South Korea, bordering China’s nuclear-armed neighbor North Korea, said the adviser who spoke on the condition of anonymity. Trump, who succeeds President Barack Obama on Jan. 20, has vowed to greatly expand the U.S. Navy to 350 ships, but his transition team has not made clear how he will fund this, amid other massive spending plans.  China’s Foreign Ministry said it could not guess what Tillerson meant by his remarks, which came after Trump questioned Washington’s longstanding and highly sensitive “one-China” policy over Taiwan. But an influential Chinese state-run tabloid warned on Friday that blocking Chinese access to South China Sea islands would require the United States to “wage war.” Trump’s pick for defense secretary, retired Marine General James Mattis, did not endorse Tillerson’s message on the South China Sea, which would seem at odds with Washington’s own longstanding commitment to freedom of navigation for all. Asked about the remarks at his confirmation hearing on Thursday, Mattis said China’s actions in the South China Sea were part of a broader attack on the world order, but said the State, Defense and Treasury Departments needed to put together an integrated policy “so we are not dealing with an incomplete or an incoherent strategy.”  The conflicting messages underscore the incoming administration’s struggle in crafting an approach to one of the biggest foreign policy challenges facing Trump, who during his election campaign repeatedly bashed China, saying it was “killing” and “raping” America on trade. A former U.S. official who has informally advised Trump’s transition team said it may not have fully thought through the risks of any new U.S. military or trade pressure on China. “We should not underestimate China’s willingness to retaliate in kind,” the former official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, told Reuters. As part of a drive to protect American jobs, Trump has threatened to declare China a currency manipulator - even though economists say Beijing has been seeking to prop up, not weaken,  its currency. He has also threatened to slap punitive tariffs on Chinese goods, risking a trade war that could hurt both countries and the global economy. Trump has yet to name to his national security team high-level members with deep experience of the region, leading some analysts to question whether the new administration will have enough expertise to translate rhetoric on a more robust Asia policy into action. But Trump has appointed two harsh China critics to his trade team - Peter Navarro, an academic who authored a book entitled “Death by China,” and Robert Lighthizer, a former Reagan administration official. Trump advisers dismiss concerns their approach could prove risky or counterproductive, arguing that a “peace through strength” stance will put real muscle behind U.S. policy in the region after decades of under-resourcing due to U.S. distractions elsewhere in the world. “Once we start correcting the military imbalance, I actually think you will get more cooperation rather than less,” the Trump adviser said. Trump and his cabinet nominees have also vowed to step up pressure on China to rein in North Korea’s nuclear and missile programs, including by holding out the possibility of “secondary sanctions” on Chinese entities found to be violating sanctions on Pyongyang. But analysts say China may be in no mood to cooperate if Washington is leaning on it on other issues. Those include U.S.  pressure on Beijing to curb cyber hacking of U.S. entities. China’s official responses to recent broadsides have been measured so far as they wait to see how Trump will act once he takes office. “We have seen many conflicting messages from people within his prospective administration,” said Tu Xinquan, a trade expert at Beijing’s University of International Business and Economics.  But analysts say confronting Beijing over hot-button nationalist issues like Taiwan and the South China Sea could trigger strong reactions, especially in a year when President Xi Jinping is seeking to further consolidate power at a  congress of the ruling Communist Party held every five years. Zha Daojiong, a professor at Peking University, said the theme of clash of civilizations was becoming increasingly popular in Chinese circles and this was ominous. “This does not bode well at all ... And it means that the continued war drums from America on the South China Sea would not help matters at all.” ",1
6323,Trump suggests he may do away with Russia sanctions if Moscow helpful: WSJ,"(Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump said in an interview with the Wall Street Journal that he would keep intact sanctions against Russia “at least for a period of time,” and that he wouldn’t commit to the “one China” policy until he sees progress from Beijing in its currency and trade practices. In excerpts from an hourlong interview published by the Journal on Friday, Trump said: “If you get along and if Russia is really helping us, why would anybody have sanctions if somebody’s doing some really great things?” Trump suggested he might do away with the sanctions - imposed by the Obama administration in late December in response to Moscow’s alleged cyber attacks - if Moscow proves helpful in battling terrorists and reaching other goals important to Washington, the Journal reported. Trump told the newspaper he is prepared to meet with Russian President Vladimir Putin some time after he is sworn in on Jan. 20. “I understand that they would like to meet, and that’s absolutely fine with me,” he said. Asked if he supported the “one China” policy on Taiwan that has underpinned U.S. relations with Beijing for decades, Trump told the Journal: “Everything is under negotiation including One China.” Trump angered the Chinese by taking a congratulatory phone call after his election win from Taiwan’s leader and questioning the “one China” policy.  The United States has acknowledged the Chinese position that there is only one China and that Taiwan is part of China.  Trump has said in the past he would label China a currency manipulator after he takes office. In the interview, he said he wouldn’t take that step on his first day in the White House. “I would talk to them first,” he said. “Certainly they are manipulators,” he added. “But I’m not looking to do that.” But he made plain his displeasure with China’s currency practices. “Instead of saying, ‘We’re devaluating our currency,’ they say, ‘Oh, our currency is dropping.’ It’s not dropping. They’re doing it on purpose,” he said, according to the Journal. “Our companies can’t compete with them now because our currency is strong and it’s killing us,” the Journal quoted Trump as saying. China’s Foreign Ministry responded on Saturday by saying the “One China” principle was non-negotiable and was the “political basis” for China-U.S. relations. “We urge the relevant parties in the United States to recognize the high degree of sensitivity of the Taiwan issue and abide by commitments made by successive U.S. administrations from both parties to pursue the One China policy ... and properly handle the Taiwan issue so as not to affect the stable development of China-U.S. relations and cooperation between the two countries,” spokesman Lu Kang said.  ",1
6324,"Big security risks in Trump feud with spy agencies, officials say","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - An unprecedented pre-presidential inauguration feud between Donald Trump and intelligence agencies that soon will be under his command could harm U.S. security if not quickly defused, current and former government officials said. They said morale at the CIA and other agencies was already sagging because of disputes with Trump over whether Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered interference in the U.S. election and over leaks about an unsubstantiated dossier compiled by a private security firm suggesting Moscow had compromising information on Trump. Unless addressed, the disputes could prompt the departure of personnel and lead those who remain to take fewer risks to counter security threats, the officials said. In the last few months, Trump has expressed his willingness to deal with Putin and denigrated the work of the intelligence agencies. This week, the President-elect accused agencies of leaking the dossier’s information to the media, but Director of National Intelligence James Clapper said he did not believe intelligence officials were responsible for the leak. “People shooting at (the CIA) is pretty common. But usually it’s not the president,” one former senior U.S. official said. Trump’s transition team did not reply to email messages seeking comment. “I think it’s a recipe for disaster,” said Daniel Benjamin, who served in senior White House and State Department counter-terrorism posts under Democratic presidents. Benjamin, now at Dartmouth College, said there was a “strong chance” people would leave and they have “tremendous value” to the private sector. Complicating the situation just a week before Republican Trump is sworn in, two of his nominees for top security posts set a different tone at their Senate confirmation hearings, heaping praise on the men and women who work in the secret world of intelligence gathering. Republican congressman Mike Pompeo, nominee for Central Intelligence Agency director, said on Thursday that he has seen  CIA personnel “walk through fire.” Separately, Trump’s nominee for U.S. defense secretary, James Mattis, told senators that he had a “very, very high degree of confidence” in U.S. intelligence agencies.  Mattis also put Russia at the top of a list of threats to U.S. interests. A top official at one intelligence agency said a growing number of intelligence officers over the age of 50 and with at least 20 years of service, including at least five years overseas, have drafted and in many cases signed but not dated their resignation letters. “There is great anxiety here about the President-elect’s apparent disdain for the work we do and the dangers we face,”   a second senior intelligence official, at another agency, said. He and others spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss intelligence matters and morale at their agencies. The latest round of rancor began with a CNN report that Trump had been briefed Jan. 6 by intelligence and law enforcement chiefs on a two-page memo summarizing the unverified claims in the dossier. In blaming intelligence agencies for the leak, Trump wrote on Twitter: “One last shot at me. Are we living in Nazi Germany?” Spy chief Clapper called Trump before dinnertime on Wednesday to calm the waters. Trump and Clapper differed on what was said in the phone conversation. On Friday, Trump appeared to again blame U.S. spies for the leak. “Probably released by ‘intelligence’ even knowing there is no proof and never will be,” he said on Twitter. U.S. intelligence agency personnel “are kind of shell-shocked at being accused of being Nazis and intentionally leaking this stuff,” the former senior official said. The 17 U.S. intelligence agencies have combined budgets of more than $70 billion and tens of thousands of employees. They are responsible for everything from warning of terrorist attacks to supporting American troops on the battlefield and analyzing the impacts of global trends such as climate change. Several former U.S. officials said the tensions with Trump were the worst they could recall since President George W. Bush and the CIA traded blame in 2003 and 2004 over the failure to find weapons of mass destruction in Iraq.  But Douglas Wise, a former senior CIA official, said it will be harder for Trump to “beat up” on his own intelligence chiefs once they are in place instead of officials appointed by Democratic President Barack Obama. “I think things are going to change,” Wise said. Still, tensions seem likely to persist after Inauguration Day on Jan. 20. Retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn, who will be Trump’s national security adviser, led the Pentagon’s Defense Intelligence Agency until he was fired by Clapper. He has a long-time suspicion of the CIA, according to Wise and others who have worked with him. “What Pompeo said was somewhat reassuring, but it’s not at all clear whether that matters, or whether Trump’s apparent attitude and Flynn’s bitterness toward us is what counts,” the second senior intelligence official said. ",1
6325,Obama to hold final news conference on Wednesday: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Outgoing President Barack Obama will hold his final news conference as U.S. leader on the afternoon of Wednesday, Jan. 18  in the briefing room at the White House, spokesman Josh Earnest said on Friday. He offered no specific time for the event. ",1
6326,Cuba’s Raul Castro meets with U.S. Chamber of Commerce president,"HAVANA (Reuters) - The head of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce met with Cuban President Raul Castro and in separate meetings with members of Castro’s economic cabinet on Friday, as they prepare for the advent of a more hostile Trump administration next week. The chamber has been urging the Cuban government to sign a number of agreements with major companies such as General Electric (GE.N), negotiated over the last 18 months, before President-elect Donald Trump takes office on Jan. 20. A brief government statement said chamber President Thomas Donohue and Castro discussed “issues of mutual interest.” “The goal of the U.S. business community has shifted from seeking more from Cuba to preserving what exists from the soon-to-be Trump administration,” John Kavulich, president of the U.S.-Cuba Trade and Economic Council, said. “‎U.S. companies need the Cuban government to quickly and substantially expand its purchases of products and services and permit a highly visible presence of companies,” he said.     Donohue was accompanied by Maurice Greenberg, chairman and chief executive officer of C.V. Starr & Co Inc, a major U.S. insurance company. The chamber has opposed the U.S. trade embargo for decades and is a strong supporter of the normalization process begun by President Barack Obama. That process has included the signing of 17 agreements between the two former Cold War foes and the use of executive orders to punch holes in the embargo, which can be lifted only by the U.S. Congress, now controlled by Republicans. Travel to the Communist-run Caribbean island from the United States has increased, with the start of direct flights and cruises and roaming agreements signed, but there have been no manufacturing or trade deals inked. Cuba and the Obama administration have been scrambling to deepen and cement their detente, through bilateral agreements and commercial links, since Trump’s election in November. Cuba agreed earlier this month to export charcoal to the United States, the first export in half a century, and in December Google (GOOGL.O) reached an agreement to place servers on the island to quicken access to its products. Trump has said he will dismantle the still-fragile detente unless Cuba gives the United States a better deal, while providing no specifics. Trump is expected to review Cuba policy upon taking office and has named Jason Greenblatt, a Trump Organization executive and chief legal counsel, as negotiator for sensitive international issues, including Cuba. ",1
6327,U.S. State Department nominee Tillerson fights climate deposition,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Rex Tillerson, the former oil executive under consideration for U.S. secretary of state, is trying to avoid giving testimony in a federal lawsuit over climate change, according to a lawyer for a group of teenagers who filed the suit. Lawyers for the teenagers, who sued the federal government claiming it violated their constitutional rights by causing global warming, were scheduled to depose Tillerson, the former chief executive of Exxon Mobil, in his capacity as a board member of the American Petroleum Institute, a trade group.  The lawyers planned to ask Tillerson when he first learned of the impact the burning of fossil fuels was having on the Earth’s atmosphere.  His answers might then be used to prove the government, working with the energy and manufacturing industries, continued to allow activities harmful to the environment despite knowing the risks to future generations, said Julia Olson, a lawyer in Eugene, Oregon, who is executive director of Our Children’s Trust and representing the teenagers. Tillerson’s deposition was set for Jan. 19, a day before President-elect Donald Trump’s inauguration. But Olson said the API’s lawyers told her in a letter that Tillerson should not have to testify because he is no longer affiliated with the group. Her team has asked API to prove Tillerson had left the group on Dec. 28, when they sent notice of their intent to depose him. “If he was still on the board on the date of notice of deposition, he can still be deposed,” Olson said.   The lawsuit, brought in federal court in Oregon, says the U.S. government helped to cause climate change through its policies, thus denying a group of young people their constitutional right to life, liberty and property.  The API and two other industry groups intervened in the case, claiming a judgment requiring the government to tighten environmental regulations would harm their business interests. Tillerson announced he was retiring from ExxonMobil on Dec. 14, a day after Trump announced his nomination as secretary of state. The API has not announced any change to Tillerson’s role in its organization, but its president released a statement congratulating Tillerson on his nomination on Dec. 13.  An API spokesman, lawyers for the API and a spokesman for the Trump transition team did not immediately respond to a request for comment.  The case is Juliana v. U.S., U.S. District Court, District of Oregon (Eugene), No. 15-cv-01517.        (This version of the story was refiled to say the API’s lawyers told her in a letter, not that they told her by telephone,  in paragraph six) ",1
6328,Trump picks Maryland U.S. attorney for No. two job at Justice: source,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump plans to nominate Rod Rosenstein, the U.S. attorney in Maryland, for the job of deputy attorney general, according to a source familiar with the matter. If confirmed in the No. 2 spot at the Justice Department, Rosenstein would be in charge of any investigation into Hillary Clinton, after Trump’s choice for attorney general, Senator Jeff Sessions, said during his confirmation hearing on Tuesday that he would recuse himself from any Clinton-related matters. Clinton, the Democratic candidate who lost the presidential election to Republican Trump, was the subject of a federal investigation into her use of a private email server while Secretary of State that ended without any charges being filed.  Rosenstein was appointed to his current post by Republican President George W. Bush in 2005, and remained there during the administration of Democratic President Barack Obama. The Trump transition team did not immediately respond to a request for comment. ",1
6329,Senate intelligence panel to probe Russia hacking,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The leaders of the Senate Intelligence Committee said the panel will investigate allegations Russia used cyber attacks to influence the U.S. presidential election, including any links between Russia and the political campaigns. The committee plans to interview senior officials of both the Trump and Obama administrations and may issue subpoenas to compel testimony, the panel’s Republican chairman, Richard Burr, and its top Democrat, Mark Warner, said in a statement. ",1
6330,Trump adviser Flynn spoke to Russian envoy December 29: Trump official,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump’s national security adviser Michael Flynn spoke on the phone to the Russian ambassador to Washington on Dec. 29, the day the United States announced sanctions against Moscow, a Trump official said on Friday. Trump’s team had previously said the phone call happened on Dec. 28. The official said it was their understanding that U.S. retaliation for Russia’s interference in the presidential election did not come up in the conversation between Flynn and Russian ambassador Sergei Kislyak. Two people familiar with the issue said Flynn had several phone conversations with the ambassador on Dec. 29. ",1
6331,U.S. Republicans start framework for Obamacare replacement,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Urged on by U.S. President-elect Donald Trump, Republican lawmakers rushing to scrap Obamacare said this week they hoped to make some changes intended to stabilize the insurance market while they work at repealing and replacing the law. The beginnings of a framework outlining what a post-Obamacare world could look like came in the same week that  Congress approved a resolution instructing key committees of both the House of Representatives and the Senate to draft Obamacare repeal legislation by a target date of Jan. 27. The fate of the Affordable Care Act, popularly known as Obamacare, is a high-stakes political showdown between Republicans and Democrats that potentially jeopardizes medical coverage for millions of Americans and risks causing chaos in the health insurance marketplace. The seven-year-old law has enabled up to 20 million previously uninsured Americans to obtain health coverage and helped slow the rise in healthcare spending. But Republicans have called it federal government overreach. “If our general goal is to move decisions out of Washington back to the states, we should be able to make those decisions in the next several months,” a key Republican senator working on the repeal, Lamar Alexander, told reporters outside the Senate this week. In a speech on the Senate floor, Alexander indicated Republicans are eyeing some moves insurers have said would help shore up the insurance plans offered on the Obamacare exchanges. The changes could be done by law or by regulation, Alexander said. Alexander said he favors continuing, at least temporarily, the cost-sharing subsidies that millions of Americans receive with their Obamacare exchange-based plans - a kind of financial assistance that helps keep down the cost of deductibles and co-pays. He advocates adjusting the special enrollment periods that insurers say are sometimes abused by people who wait until they are sick to sign up for insurance. Insurers have long sought changes that would fix this facet of Obamacare to weed out misuse. It would also help the transition to a new system, Alexander said, if individuals could use government premium subsidies to buy plans outside of the Obamacare marketplace. Alexander is chairman of the Senate health committee, one of the committees drafting the repeal legislation. He told reporters he had discussed his ideas with a number of senators and the process was evolving, but stressed it should be gradual, with some changes made by lawmakers and some by the secretary of Health and Human Services after he is confirmed.  Trump has nominated Republican Representative Tom Price for the job. “Certainty is something the insurance industry needs so they don’t abandon coverage,” said Senator Johnny Isakson of Georgia, another Republican lawmaker who has been working on how to stabilize  insurance markets. It was unclear whether lawmakers will reach the ambitious target date of Jan. 27 for drafting repeal legislation. But House Speaker Paul Ryan said on CNN on Thursday that Republicans are moving “as quickly as they can”. The 2010 law, Democratic President Barack Obama’s signature piece of domestic policy, touches almost all parts of the U.S. healthcare system, making its replacement likely to take effect over a number of years, even if lawmakers are trying to draft changes in weeks or months.  ",1
6332,U.S. House backs waiver allowing Mattis to serve as defense secretary,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. House of Representatives on Friday cleared the way for quick confirmation of James Mattis to serve as President-elect Donald Trump’s secretary of defense, backing a waiver that will allow him to serve less than seven years after retiring from active duty as a Marine General in 2013. The House voted 268 to 151, largely along party lines, for a one-time waiver of a provision of a law on civilian control of the U.S. military that requires a seven-year wait after retirement before active-duty military can lead the Department of Defense. The waiver, which must still be signed by the president to become law, clears the way for Mattis to lead the Pentagon if he is confirmed, as expected, by the Senate. The Senate passed the waiver on Thursday by 81-17. A White House spokesman said on Friday that President Barack Obama would sign the measure if it came to his desk, rather than make it wait for Trump to be sworn in as president on Jan. 20.  Most Democrats voted against the waiver, while Republicans supported it. One House member voted present. Mattis had been scheduled to testify before the House Armed Services Committee this week, but Trump’s transition team canceled his appearance. Democrats said they supported Mattis, but the cancellation set a dangerous precedent for Trump to sidestep Congress. Normally, lawmakers are able to question legislation in committee hearings before bills are brought up for votes in the full House. “Before this president is even in office, at the very first opportunity, he is choosing to completely ignore us for no reason,” said Representative Adam Smith, the top Democrat on the armed services panel. Democrats also said they worried that the waiver does not exempt Mattis from the Uniform Code of Military Justice, to which retired officers are subject for life. In theory, he could be court-martialed by Trump, as the commander in chief. Representative Mac Thornberry, the Republican chairman of the committee, said he was also unhappy that the hearing had been canceled, but said the House had a responsibility to the country and the military to ensure that a Secretary of Defense is in place as soon as Trump becomes president. ",1
6333,"After Trump tweet, ethics office to U.S. employees: do not endorse products","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A day after President-elect Donald Trump encouraged supporters to “Buy L.L. Bean,” a U.S. ethics watchdog on Friday warned federal employees they must not endorse products or companies. The U.S. Office of Government Ethics (OGE) said on its official Twitter account: “All executive branch employees must refrain from misuse of position, including endorsements.” No mention of Trump was made in the tweet, and many rules for federal employees do not apply to the president. The ethics office has tweeted other reminders to employees this week, including one that federal gift restrictions remain in place during the upcoming inauguration. The office’s endorsements message drew attention on Twitter, though, because it came after Trump posted support for the Maine catalog retailer known for its backpacks and rubber-bottomed boots.  Activists had called for a boycott following reports that a member of the family that owns L.L. Bean contributed to Trump’s campaign. “Thank you to Linda Bean of L.L. Bean for your great support and courage,” the Republican president-elect tweeted. “People will support you even more now. Buy L.L. Bean.” A spokesman for the ethics office declined to comment.     The office, created in 1978, wades through financial disclosures to help executive branch officials avoid conflicts of interest. It has drawn attention and some scrutiny for recent public statements about ethics issues facing Trump, who takes office on Jan. 20. On Wednesday, the office’s director, Walter Shaub, criticized Trump’s new plan to resign from managing his global business empire but leave it in the hands of his sons.  Trump said he would place his assets in a trust, but he will retain ownership. Ethics experts wanted him to follow the lead of past presidents and establish a blind trust that would be run by someone else independent of his oversight. “Stepping back from running his business is meaningless from a conflict-of-interest perspective. The presidency is a full-time job, and he would have had to step back anyway,” Shaub said in a speech at a Washington think tank. “Nothing short of divestiture will resolve these conflicts.” Last year, the office sent a series of tweets about Trump’s businesses modeled after the brash Republican’s own style of communicating. “Brilliant! Divestiture is good for you, very good for America!” read one. Some Republicans were not amused. Republican Representative Jason Chaffetz, who leads the U.S. House oversight panel, wrote to Shaub this week and told him to come for an interview. ",1
6334,"After 2016 campaign, more Americans consider Russia a threat: Reuters/Ipsos poll","NEW YORK (Reuters) - Americans are more concerned than they were before the 2016 U.S. presidential campaign began about the potential threat Russia poses to the country, according to a Reuters/Ipsos opinion poll released on Friday. The Jan. 9-12 survey found that 82 percent of American adults, including 84 percent of Democrats and 82 percent of Republicans, described Russia as a general “threat” to the United States. That’s up from 76 percent in March 2015 when the same questions were asked. The increased concern comes after a brutal election season during which Democrats and others raised questions about President-elect Donald Trump’s financial ties to Russia and the U.S. intelligence community accused Russia of engaging in cyber attacks during the election.  Trump, who has repeatedly praised Russian President Vladimir Putin as a strong leader and signaled during his campaign that he might take a softer line in dealing with Moscow, only recently accepted that Russia committed the hacks after receiving detailed briefings from intelligence officials.  Trump initially criticized the findings, saying the culprit could be China or “somebody sitting on their bed that weighs 400 pounds.”  The poll asked people to rate Russia and a slew of other countries on a 5-point scale ranging from “no threat” to “imminent threat.” It found that Americans were more likely to label Russia a threat than they were Iran, Syria, China, Saudi Arabia, Cuba or Yemen. Only North Korea ranked higher, with 86 percent of Americans labeling it as a threat. Some 25 percent of Americans gave Russia the highest concern, labeling it an “imminent threat.”  “Russia is back to the old days of the Cold War,” said Oneita Wilkins, 69, a Republican who lives in a suburb of New Orleans, who rated Russia an “imminent threat.”  Wilkins did not vote in the election. She said she did not trust Trump or Democratic rival Hillary Clinton and chose to not vote for the first time in more than 40 years. The latest reports about Russian hacking lowered her opinion of Trump even further. “Trump doesn’t have any experience with other countries,” Wilkins said. “I have a feeling that he’ll be easily influenced by Putin.” Trump, earlier this week in his first news conference since the election, defended his goal of better ties with Putin, saying, “If Putin likes Donald Trump, I consider that an asset, not a liability.” The Reuters/Ipsos poll was conducted online in English in all 50 states. It included 1,169 American adults, including 490 Democrats and 475 Republicans. The poll has a credibility interval, a measure of accuracy, of 3 percentage points for the entire sample and 5 percentage points for Republicans and Democrats. ",1
6335,U.S. House clears way for vote to start Obamacare legislation,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A majority of the U.S. House of Representatives on Friday voted to advance legislation instructing committees to write legislation repealing President Barack Obama’s landmark healthcare law. The procedural vote of 235 to 188 clears the way for a vote later on Friday to pass the measure to begin work on repealing Obamacare that already has been approved by the Senate. It strictly followed party lines, indicating solidarity among House Republicans on the issue. ",1
6336,Mexico will 'immediately' respond to any U.S. border tax: minister,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexico must be ready to respond immediately with its own tax measures if the incoming administration of President-elect Donald Trump imposes a border tax, the economy minister said on Friday, warning such protectionism may trigger a global recession.  Trump, who takes office on Jan. 20, has promised a “major border tax” on companies that shift jobs outside the United States, and such a measure could hobble Mexico’s exports to its top trading partner. “It is clear we need to be prepared to immediately neutralize the impact of such a measure,” Economy Minister Ildefonso Guajardo said in an interview on Mexican television.  “And it is very clear how - take a fiscal action that clearly neutralizes it,” he said.  Trump has repeatedly attacked Mexico over trade, jobs and immigration since he first launched his run for the White House in 2015, driving the peso currency to historic lows and unnerving investors, especially in the auto sector.  Guajardo said Trump’s proposed tax “was a problem for the entire world” and that it “would have a wave of impacts that could take us into a global recession.”  Nonetheless, the minister said he expected foreign direct investment in Mexico this year to total around $25 billion, with investment in the energy and telecommunications sectors expected to more than make up for the loss of a planned $1.6 billion Ford Motor Co. (F.N) factory that the company said this month it is cancelling. Trump had strongly criticized the plan, but Ford said its decision was not the result of pressure from Trump. Guajardo also praised the government of Japan and Toyota Motor Corp (7203.T) for their “reasonable” response to Trump’s threat to impose a significant border tax if the company does not stop making its Corolla model in Mexico for the U.S. market. Toyota said last week the automaker has no immediate plans to curb production in Mexico.  “Toyota has 10 plants in the United States... and employs more than 130,000 Americans. If I were Mr. Trump, I’d treat them with more respect,” Guajardo said. He added that he expects total foreign direct investment during the six-year term of President Enrique Pena Nieto, which ends in late 2018, to average $30 billion annually. Guajardo has previously warned that U.S. corporate tax cuts proposed by Trump, as well as the border tax, could undermine foreign investment in Latin America’s No. 2 economy. Mexico slapped a tax on U.S. high fructose corn syrup in the early 2000s after the United States refused to allow free trade in Mexican sugar. ",1
6337,Trump speaks with entertainer Steve Harvey about helping U.S. cities,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump and Housing Secretary-designate Ben Carson spoke with entertainer and talk show host Steve Harvey on Friday to discuss an effort by the incoming administration to seek positive changes in U.S. inner cities. “He said he wanted to do something,” Harvey told reporters after the meeting in Trump Tower. “They have a plan for the inner cities but they need some help and so that’s why they called me. So we’ll see what I can do.” ",1
6338,U.S. House takes first step toward Obamacare repeal,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Republican-led U.S. House of Representatives on Friday approved a measure making the first move toward scrapping Obamacare, joining the Senate in instructing key committees to write legislation repealing the health insurance law. Eliminating Obamacare is a top priority of the Republican-majority Congress as well as President-elect Donald Trump, who has urged lawmakers to act quickly. The resolution passed on Friday instructs committees of the House and Senate to draft repeal legislation by a target date of Jan. 27. The resolution passed by a vote of 227 to 198. ",1
6339,"Cubans sold everything to reach U.S., now hundreds stranded","PANAMA CITY (Reuters) - Hundreds of Cubans who sold their homes and belongings in pursuit of an American dream that now lays in tatters were stranded in Central America and Mexico on Friday after Washington abruptly ended a lenient immigration policy. U.S. President Barack Obama on Thursday repealed a measure granting automatic residency to virtually every Cuban who  arrived in the United States, whether or not they had visas, ending a longstanding exception to U.S. policy. The end of the “wet foot, dry foot” policy, which allowed any Cuban who reached U.S. soil to stay, but returned any picked up at sea, took effect immediately. Cuban officials had long sought the change, arguing it would discourage people-trafficking and dangerous journeys. Jose Enrique Manreza, who sold his house and possessions in Havana to embark on a epic trip by plane, bus and foot through the rain forests of French Guiana, Colombia and Panama, estimated he had spent about $10,000 on the journey.   “Imagine how I feel, after I spent six days and six nights running through rivers and jungles in the humidity,” said Manreza, at a migrant shelter in the southern Mexican city of Tapachula, where he heard the news, along with 30 other Cubans. In Honduras, 75 Cubans were waiting to move on to Mexico and the U.S. border. In Panama, another 75 gathered in the tree-shaded patio of the Caritas shelter in the capital. Many had sold everything they owned to pay for the voyage of a lifetime. Some said hundreds more were still traversing the treacherous forests of the Darien region bordering Colombia. Some expressed dismay that Obama, who is popular in Cuba for punching holes in the U.S. economic embargo and reinstating diplomatic relations, had taken a measure they saw as hurting ordinary Cubans. “Obama’s decision is killing our dreams,” said Yancys Riccart, 25, a teaching assistant, who said her journey took her through Guyana, Brazil, Ecuador and Colombia. She said she was worried she would be mistreated or not given work by Cuban authorities if she went back home. Victor Berrios, a deacon for Roman Catholic charity Caritas, urged the migrants not to rush into the hands of people-traffickers to reach the United States, reminding them that U.S. President-elect Donald Trump could reinstate the law when he assumes the presidency on Jan 20. “Be patient, we know that from the 20th there will be another government. Do not lose hope. Have faith,” Berrios said.  Washington has unveiled a flurry of last minute agreements to try to prevent Trump reversing the 2014 detente with Cuba, one of Obama’s flagship policies.  Trump has said he would scrap Obama’s Cuba policy unless the Cubans presented a better deal, but it was not immediately clear if he would try to bring back “wet-foot, dry-foot.” Anticipating the end of the policy, Cuban immigration has surged since the 2014 normalization. Ben Rhodes, Obama’s deputy national security adviser, said some 40,000 Cubans arrived in the United States in 2015 and about 54,000 in 2016. Thousands of Cubans gathered in Costa Rica and Panama last year as Central American countries struggled to cope with the influx. El Salvador welcomed the new policy, saying all immigrants should be treated equally.  Honduras, a source of thousands of immigrants to the United States each year, despite no Cuban-style special treatment, said it was waiting to see if the policy led to fewer Cubans traveling. Mexico’s foreign ministry had no immediate comment. Manreza said his wife, a nurse, was working in Venezuela as part of a Cuban oil-for-doctors program. Obama also rolled back a “medical parole” program dating back to 2006 that allowed Cuban doctors working in third countries to move to the United States simply by walking into a U.S. embassy. “She cried when I called her,” he said, without indicating whether she had intended to defect under the program.  Manreza, who ran a soda warehouse in Havana before he left in December with his daughter, said he was deciding whether to return to Cuba, broke, or seek asylum in Mexico.  Ivan Diaz, 45, a health administrator, said he had no intention of turning back. He left Cuba three months ago with his wife. He said the dash for the United States had cost about $25,000 for him, his wife and Miami family members who sent money to support them.  “I’ve got $10 left in my pocket,” said Diaz at the Tapachula center. “We are going to carry on. We don’t lose anything by going to the Laredo border. We must be able to do something. Otherwise, let them deport me back to Cuba.” ",1
6340,Obama administration ends special immigration policy for Cubans,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Obama administration on Thursday repealed a measure granting automatic residency to virtually every Cuban who arrived in the United States, whether or not they had visas, ending a longstanding exception to U.S. immigration policy. The end of the “wet foot, dry foot” policy, which allowed any Cuban who reached U.S. soil to stay but returned any picked up at sea, is effective immediately. Cuban officials had sought the change for years. The shift had been in the works for months. It was announced abruptly because advance warning might have inspired thousands more people to take to the seas between the Communist-ruled island and Florida in order to beat a deadline. The United States and Cuba spent several months negotiating the change, including an agreement from Cuba to allow those turned away from the United States to return. “With this change we will continue to welcome Cubans as we welcome immigrants from other nations, consistent with our laws,” Obama said in a statement. The Department of Homeland Security also ended a parole program that allowed entry for Cuban medical professionals. That program was unpopular with Havana because it prompted doctors to leave, sapping the country’s pool of trained health workers. The U.S. Coast Guard intercepts thousands of Cubans attempting the 90-mile (145-km) crossing to Florida every year, but tens of thousands who reach U.S. soil, including via Mexico, have been allowed to stay in the country, while immigrants from other nations have been rounded up and sent home. Cuba welcomed the policy changes, saying they would benefit the whole region by discouraging people-trafficking and dangerous journeys that led to bottlenecks of Cubans in Central America last year. “Today, a detonator of immigration crises is eliminated. The United States achieves legal, secure and ordered migration from Cuba,” said Josefina Vidal, the Cuban foreign ministry’s chief for U.S. affairs.  El Salvador’s foreign ministry also welcomed the move, saying “there cannot be migrants of different categories.” Honduras, from where thousands flee each year without the attraction of favorable U.S. immigration policies, said it would wait to see if the flow of Cubans actually reduced.  Anticipating the end of the policy, Cuban immigration has surged since the 2014 normalization, said Ben Rhodes, Obama’s deputy national security adviser. “People were motivated to migrate,” Rhodes told reporters on a call, noting some 40,000 Cubans arrived in 2015 and about 54,000 in 2016. The administration had rejected Cuban entreaties to overturn the policy before President Barack Obama’s historic visit to the island last year, although even some White House aides argued that it was outmoded given efforts to regularize relations between the former Cold War foes.  “Wet foot, dry foot” began in 1995 under President Bill Clinton after an exodus of tens of thousands of Cubans who were picked up at sea by the Coast Guard as they tried to reach Florida. Obama has been working to normalize relations with Cuba since he and President Raul Castro announced a breakthrough in diplomatic relations in December 2014. His administration has eased restrictions on travel and trade, allowing more U.S. business with Cuba and improved communications with the island. The move to end the policy comes just eight days before the Democratic president turns the White House over to Republican Donald Trump, who has said the United States should get more concessions from Havana in exchange for improved relations. U.S. immigration policy has given Cubans benefits granted to nationals from no other country. Until now, virtually every Cuban who made it to U.S. soil was granted the right to stay in the country, the right to apply for work permits and, later, green cards, which convey lawful permanent residency. Jeh Johnson, secretary of Homeland Security, said on a call that Cuba will take back citizens as long as less than four years have passed between the time the migrant left Cuba and the start of the U.S. deportation proceedings.  Under the agreement Cuba will take back some 2,700 people who left the island among 125,000 others during the Mariel boat lift of 1980, fulfilling an agreement made in 1984 to take back 2,746 people who the United States did not grant citizenship to, mainly people with criminal convictions.  Cuba has previously taken back only a handful of that group.  The new policy sparked mixed emotions in Miami’s Little Havana neighborhood.  Mario Garcia, a Cuban mechanic in Little Havana, said the change angered him. “It’s not like Communism has ended in Cuba, so why stop this that has saved people’s lives?” he said. But Eulalia Jimenez, who is Venezuelan, said the policy was not fair to migrants from other countries who also flee bad conditions. “Why should only the Cuban people be able to come and make a life for themselves?” Jimenez said.   Some U.S. lawmakers had been demanding a fresh look at the immigration rules, saying Cubans coming to the United States simply for economic reasons should not be automatically granted benefits intended for refugees. “This is a welcome step in reforming an illogical and discriminatory policy that contrasted starkly with the treatment of deserving refugees from other countries,” Senator Patrick Leahy, a Democrat, said in a statement. Republican Senator Jeff Flake also said eliminating the policy was “a win for taxpayers, border security and our allies in the Western Hemisphere.”  Flake and Leahy both support Obama’s moves toward freer trade and travel with Cuba. But U.S. Senator Marco Rubio said the incoming Trump adminstration should reverse the part of the executive order that ended the medical parole system, and said Cubans fleeing political persecution should receive asylum.  The Department of Homeland Security is also eliminating an exemption that prevented the use of expedited removal programs for Cuban nationals picked up at ports of entry or near the border. But an existing Cuban Family Reunification Parole Program is not affected by Thursday’s announcement and remains in effect. ",1
6341,Hedge fund founder Scaramucci to join Trump's White House as liaison,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Anthony Scaramucci, a hedge fund founder who was a fundraiser in Donald Trump’s election campaign, will join the president-elect’s White House staff as an advisor and public liaison to government agencies and businesses, he said on Friday. Scaramucci, founder of Skybridge Capital hedge fund and a former employee at Goldman Sachs(GS.N), is a member of Trump’s transition team. He will work as a liaison in the White House for state and local governments and for both American and foreign businesses, Scaramucci told reporters in New York. “One of my other personal goals though is to get all of the American people to see President Trump the way I see him,” he added. Trump, a Republican, takes office on Jan. 20. Scaramucci played down media reports from Thursday that he would hold a position analogous to that currently held by Valerie Jarrett, who oversees the White House’s Offices of Public Engagement and Intergovernmental Affairs and is seen as one of President Barack Obama’s most powerful advisers.  “That’s probably an overstatement,” Scaramucci said when asked about the comparison. “Valerie and I know each other quite well and I will be speaking to her later in the day. I don’t want to overstate the position.” Scaramucci did not discuss what would happen to Skybridge, which had $12 billion in assets under management or advisement as of Nov. 30, 2016, down from $12.9 billion as of Dec. 31, 2015, according to firm’s website. The firm was put up for auction as Scaramucci began considering a potential position in the White House, Reuters reported last month.  ",1
6342,EPA locks in 2025 fuel efficiency rules,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Environmental Protection Agency chief Gina McCarthy on Friday finalized a determination that the landmark fuel efficiency rules instituted by President Barack Obama should be locked in through 2025, a bid to maintain a key part of his administration’s climate legacy. Major U.S. and foreign automakers have appealed to President-elect Donald Trump, who has been critical of Obama’s climate policies, to review the rules requiring them to nearly double fleet-wide fuel efficiency by 2025, saying they impose significant costs and are out of step with consumer preferences.  As part of a 2012 regulation, EPA had to decide by April 2018 whether to modify the 2022-2025 model year vehicle emission rules requiring average fleet-wide efficiency of more than 50 miles per gallon. In November, the agency moved up the timetable for proposing that automakers can meet the 2025 standards. McCarthy said in a statement her determination, a legally binding decision to maintain the fuel efficiency rules, rests on an extensive technical record.  McCarthy said in her determination the rules are “feasible, practical and appropriate” and in “the best interests of the auto industry.”  She told automakers the EPA could consider adopting new rules “to provide additional incentives for very clean technologies or flexibilities that could assist manufacturers with longer term planning.”    In 2011, Obama announced agreement with major automakers to raise fuel efficiency standards to 54.5 miles per gallon. This, the administration said, would save motorists $1.7 trillion in fuel costs over the life of the vehicles, but cost the auto industry about $200 billion over 13 years.  In July, EPA said because Americans were buying fewer cars and more SUVs and trucks, it now estimated the fleet will average 50.8 mpg to 52.6 mpg in 2025.  Gloria Bergquist, a spokeswoman for the Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers, a trade association representing General Motors Co, Ford Motor Co, Toyota Motor Corp , Volkswagen AG (VOWG_p.DE) and others, criticized the decision. “Our fundamental priority remains striking the right balance to continue fuel economy gains and carbon reduction without compromising consumer affordability and vital auto-sector jobs,” she said. Automakers hope to work with regulators and California, Bergquist said, “to see whether we can find a prudent compromise path forward that avoids an unnecessary and counterproductive regulatory collision.” Environmental groups praised the decision. Ken Kimmell, president of the Union of Concerned Scientists, said the standards were working.  “Automakers have the technologies to continue their progress in a cost-effective way. It will keep us on track to reduce oil use by 2.4 million barrels a day, cut global warming emissions and keep American-made vehicles competitive in a rapidly-changing global market,” he said. Legal experts have said it will be more difficult for the Trump administration and Congress to undo the determination than to unwind other regulatory actions issued by the Obama administration during its final months in office. The 2025 determination is not a new regulation, so the EPA, under Trump, would likely have to go through an extensive process before withdrawing the determination, and could face lawsuits from environmental groups if they took that step. Sierra Club Executive Director Michael Brune said in a statement “a new administration is no reason to shift progress to reverse.” ",1
6343,"Trump adviser: TPP 'dead,' will move quickly on bilateral trade deals","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump will not revive his predecessor’s stalled Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal in any form, but will quickly pursue bilateral trade agreements, a Trump transition policy adviser said. “TPP is dead. I cannot stress that more strongly,” said the adviser, who requested anonymity because he was not authorized to speak publicly for the administration that takes office on Jan. 20.  “TPP, or a multilateral agreement that looks like TPP but is called something else, is emphatically dead.” On Wednesday, Trump’s nominee for secretary of state, Rex Tillerson, said he was not opposed to President Barack Obama’s 12-country Pacific Rim trade deal but shared some of Trump’s views “on whether the agreement that was negotiated serves all of America’s interests at best.” Speaking by phone late on Thursday, the Trump adviser said Tillerson was expressing some personal views on free trade theory. The adviser said the administration was not going to pursue multilateral trade deals. “You will be shocked by the speed at which bilateral agreements begin to materialize,” the adviser said. Britain has expressed strong interest in a bilateral trade deal with the United States once it exits the European Union.  Official spokespeople for the Trump transition team did not respond to Reuters’ requests for further comment.  The adviser said he would not rule out declaring China a currency manipulator or levying tariffs on Chinese goods as a means of reducing massive U.S. trade deficits with China. He declined to speculate how quickly a currency designation could come, adding that the issue needed further review. The Trump policy adviser said the new administration is determined to reverse years of Chinese trade practices that have “hollowed out” the U.S. manufacturing base.   “You have to understand the view of this administration that China is essentially perpetrating an economic war, they’re already engaged in a trade war against us,” the adviser said. ",1
6344,"Trump, Lockheed Martin CEO to meet on Friday: transition official","NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump will meet with Lockheed Martin Corp Chief Executive officer Marillyn Hewson on Friday, a Trump transition officials said. Trump, who takes office next Friday, said last month he viewed costs for the aerospace company’s F-35 fighter as too high and would ask Boeing to price out an upgraded F-18. ",1
6345,Obama's EU envoy says Brexiteer Farage misleading Trump,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Barack Obama’s envoy to Brussels warned Donald Trump against the “lunacy” of backing an EU break-up, saying Brexit campaigner Nigel Farage may have given the incoming U.S. president a false impression that more countries might follow Britain out of the bloc. Anthony Gardner, a banker who has run U.S. relations with the European Union for three years, made the frank comments on Friday in a final news conference a week before Trump has ordered all Obama appointees to quit. Gardner condemned the move as an unprecedented “guillotine exit” that had disrupted public servants’ lives. Referring to Trump’s welcome for the British vote to leave the EU and the apparent influence of Farage in the Trump camp, Gardner said: “For us to be the cheerleaders of Brexit and to be encouraging Brexit Mark 2, Mark 3, is the height of folly.” Gardner said Farage, an EU lawmaker and Trump ally, had written to him recently requesting a meeting. The U.S. envoy said Farage’s views were the “polar opposite” of his own and he thought Farage had misled Trump’s transition team on the state of the EU. Describing calls to EU institutions from Trump’s aides in recent weeks, Gardner said: “That was the one question that was asked - basically, ‘What’s the next country to leave?’. Which is kind of suggesting that the place is about to fall apart.” “It’s just reflective of the general perception, a misperception, a perception that Nigel Farage is presumably disseminating in Washington and it’s a caricature.” He said it would be “fundamentally flawed” for the United States to ignore the EU as “dysfunctional” and instead focus on key allies like Britain and Germany. “We should not depart from 50 years of foreign policy with regard to the EU,” he said. “We should not become the cheerleaders for Brexit, particularly if Brexit appears more likely to be a hard, disorderly unmanaged Brexit.” “A hard Brexit or a fragmentation of the European market would be very bad news for American business,” he added.  “They’ve understood it ... and we need to make the case.” Gardner urged Europeans and the incoming administration not to break ranks on sanctions against Russia over Ukraine - Trump says he wants better relations with Moscow after he takes office next Friday. And he urged U.S. diplomats to speak frankly to the new leadership, even if that carried risks to their careers. He spoke of his “respect” for Britain’s EU ambassador, who resigned this month in a sign of behind-the-scenes arguments in London over Brexit. Ivan Rogers, he said, had “paid the price” for telling political leaders things they did not want to hear. “It’s critically important,” Gardner said, “That while being loyal to the new team ... people speak truth to power.” ",1
6346,UK PM May says Trump dossier author has not worked for Britain for years,"LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May said the person who wrote reports containing details of compromising material Russia allegedly collected on U.S. President-elect Donald Trump has not worked for the British government for years.  “It is absolutely clear that the individual who produced this dossier has not worked for the UK government for years,” May said at a news conference on Friday. The author of the dossier has been named as Christopher Steele, a former MI6 officer who once worked under diplomatic cover in Russia. Steele has so far not commented.  ",1
6347,Trump scorns probe into FBI pre-election handling of Clinton emails,"(Reuters) - Donald Trump responded with derision on Friday to news of an investigation into the FBI decision to make public an inquiry into Hillary Clinton’s emails days before the Nov. 8 presidential election, a decision that Clinton said was a factor in her defeat. The Justice Department said on Thursday it would investigate the FBI actions.  FBI Director James Comey said on Oct. 28 the agency was reviewing emails that might be relevant to a previous inquiry into Clinton’s use of a private email server while she was secretary of state, then announced on Nov. 6 that the fresh review had yielded nothing to change the agency’s finding that she was not guilty of criminal wrongdoing. “What are Hillary Clinton’s people complaining about with respect to the F.B.I. Based on the information they had, she should never have been allowed to run - guilty as hell,” Trump wrote on Twitter on Friday. “They were VERY nice to her. She lost because she campaigned in the wrong states - no enthusiasm!” added the Republican president-elect, who is due to enter the White House in a week. Democrats said Comey’s announcement of the new inquiry into the emails in October damaged her standing with voters right before the election, and he faced complaints that his moves were politically motivated. Announcing its inquiry on Thursday, the Justice Department’s Office of Inspector General said it was looking into decisions leading up to Comey’s public statements and whether they may have been based on “improper considerations.” Trump assailed Clinton over the email issue throughout the 2016 election campaign, and crowds at his rallies often chanted “lock her up!” In a debate in October, Trump vowed Clinton would “be in jail” over the matter if he became president, although in a New York Times interview soon after the election he indicated that he would not pursue prosecution. After a year-long probe into whether Clinton mishandled classified information with her email practices, Comey said in July that while Clinton and her staff had been extremely careless, the agency recommended no charges be brought. Brian Fallon, Clinton’s spokesman, told MSNBC on Thursday that Comey’s actions before the election “cried out for an independent review.” Referring to Trump’s reaction, Fallon said on CNN on Friday: “Those tweets are just the latest indication that Donald Trump is someone who is very insecure in his victory.” Senator Dick Durbin, the No. 2 Democrat in the U.S. Senate said Comey’s statements were not “fair, professional or consistent with the policies of the Federal Bureau of Investigation.” Comey said on Thursday the FBI would cooperate fully with the investigation. Trump will not have the power to dismiss the investigation. Federal law permits U.S. presidents to dismiss inspectors general for federal agencies, as long as the president provides Congress a written justification for the removal 30 days in advance. ",1
6348,Trump blames 'both Democrats and Republicans' for allegations,"(Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump on Friday accused his political opponents, “both Democrats and Republicans,” for putting together a dossier of unverified claims linking him to Russia and said the document was probably released by intelligence agencies. “Totally made up facts by sleazebag political operatives, both Democrats and Republicans - FAKE NEWS! Russia says nothing exists,” Trump said in a series of posts on Twitter. “Probably released by ‘Intelligence’ even knowing there is no proof, and never will be,” he said. On Wednesday, U.S. spy chief James Clapper said that media leaks of the material had not come from U.S. intelligence agencies and that the agencies had not judged whether the information was reliable.  ",1
6349,New North Dakota governor expects controversial pipeline to be built,"(Reuters) - North Dakota Governor Doug Burgum, who took office last month in the height of tensions surrounding the Dakota Access Pipeline, said he believed the line would eventually be built and asked opponents to clean their protest camp before spring floodwaters create a potential ecological disaster.  A centrist Republican with no prior political experience, Burgum was elected in a landslide on a platform of streamlining government and improving relations across the state. Burgum built a successful software business before selling it to Microsoft Corp (MSFT.O) in 2001. Burgum told Reuters that approval of the pipeline appeared to be a foregone conclusion once Donald Trump moved into the White House. “I expect the world’s going to change dramatically on that day relative to finding resolution on this issue,” Burgum said in an interview. “I would expect that (Energy Transfer Partners (ETP.N)) will get its easement and it will go through.”      A coalition of Native American groups, environmentalists, Hollywood stars and veterans of the U.S. armed forces protested the $3.8 billion oil project at a North Dakota camp, which at one point held more than 5,000, though that number has shrunk in size during the winter.  Opponents contend construction would damage sacred lands and any leaks could pollute the water supply of the Standing Rock Sioux tribe. Last month, President Barack Obama denied a key permit needed to complete the pipeline, but Trump has said he will review that decision. Local law enforcement have voiced concerns that any reversal by the federal government could cause the area to swell again with protesters, straining resources.  David Archambault, chairman of the Standing Rock Sioux tribe, has repeatedly asked protesters to leave the area and let the pipeline fight play out in courts. Burgum said he agrees with Archambault and asked protesters to help clean up the camp before it threatens the environment itself. More than 300 vehicles, along with dozens of temporary dwellings and other detritus, have been abandoned at the campsite, which sits in a flood plain that is likely to be overrun by spring rain and snowmelt. State officials are concerned that floodwaters could carry that material away. “The amount of cleanup that needs to take place is enormous,” Burgum said. “We’ve got a potential ecological disaster if this land floods and all the debris flows downstream into tribal lands.” ",1
6350,Kerry says he's confident Trump administration will stick to peaceful policies in Asia,"HO CHI MINH CITY (Reuters) - Outgoing U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said on Friday he was confident the next administration would stick to the same peaceful principles on Asian security as the current one, despite hawkish comments from President-elect Donald Trump’s cabinet picks. Referring to the disputed South China Sea, Kerry told a university audience in Ho Chi Minh City that countries, big or small, should refrain from provocation and any dispute should be resolved peacefully in accordance with international law. Kerry said he was “confident the next administration will continue to adhere to the same good faith with the policies that I just articulated.” His comments came after his nominated replacement, Rex Tillerson, said the United States must send a clear signal to China that its island-building in the South China Sea must stop and that its access to those islands must not be allowed. On Thursday, Trump’s pick to lead the Pentagon, retired Marine General James Mattis, said Russia, China and Islamist militants were presenting the biggest challenge to the U.S.-led world order since World War Two, and called for Congress to lift spending caps undermining military readiness. China claims most of the energy-rich South China Sea,  through which about $5 trillion in ship-borne trade passes every year. Neighbours Brunei, Malaysia, the Philippines, Taiwan and Vietnam also have claims. China has reclaimed seven reefs in the area, building man-made islands with anti-aircraft and anti-missile batteries, satellite images show. The United States would have to “wage a large-scale war” in the South China sea to prevent Chinese access to the islands, the influential state-run Chinese tabloid, the Global Times, said on Friday. “Tillerson had better bone up on nuclear power strategies if he wants to force a big nuclear power to withdraw from its own territories,” the paper said. The Philippines, which is seeking to improve ties with Beijing, said any U.S. action to drive China from the artificial islands would be its own prerogative, and in its own national interest. Foreign Secretary Perfecto Yasay was replying to a question during a television interview about Tillerson’s comments. “They said that they would prevent China from doing or undertaking these kind of activity. If it wants to do that, they have the force to do so, let them do it,” Yasay said. China has built several artificial islands in the exclusive economic zone of the Philippines, which an arbitration tribunal in The Hague last year ruled unlawful. Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte reiterated last month he wanted to avoid confrontation with China and saw no need to press Beijing to abide by the ruling. Yasay earlier said the Philippines wanted to strengthen ties with the United States and that Washington should be an “influential force” in Asia and help maintain balance there. He said he hoped the new government in Washington would refrain from criticising countries, as the Obama administration had over the Philippines’ deadly drugs war, and he welcomed Tillerson’s views that decisions and comments should be based on facts. ",1
6351,Some U.S. House Republicans doubtful ahead of vote to begin Obamacare repeal,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. House of Representatives moved toward a Friday vote to begin dismantling Obamacare despite anxiety among some Republicans they were rushing into a major step without knowing the budget consequences or having a firm idea of how they would replace the healthcare law. The Republican-led Congress, under pressure from President-elect Donald Trump to act quickly, made the first move toward scrapping Obamacare on Thursday as the Senate voted to instruct key committees to draft legislation to repeal it. The House plans to vote on the measure on Friday, Speaker Paul Ryan said. Some Republican lawmakers said on Thursday they were not sure how they would vote. “I don’t want to vote for this and say it’s the first step (toward repeal), and find out that there are some long-term budget consequences,” said Republican Representative Mark Amodei.  The nonpartisan Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget said earlier this month that repealing President Barack Obama’s signature health insurance law in its entirety would cost roughly $350 billion over the next decade. Republicans say a good Obamacare replacement strategy would reduce government spending, but they have not agreed on a consensus plan. Amodei said he was leaning for now toward voting for the Obamacare repeal resolution. But he added that “listening to the scuttlebutt on the floor ... as of right now, my impression is, they (House leadership) don’t have the votes.” The fate of the Affordable Care Act, popularly known as Obamacare, is a high-stakes political showdown between Republicans and Democrats that potentially jeopardizes medical coverage for millions of Americans and risks causing chaos in the health insurance marketplace. Democrats accused Republicans of rushing to scrap Obamacare, a law that has enabled up to 20 million previously uninsured Americans to obtain health coverage, without yet having a firm replacement plan. The Democrats say Obamacare has allowed growing numbers of Americans to get medical insurance and helped slow the rise in healthcare spending. Republicans have called Obamacare federal government overreach and have sought to undermine it in Congress and the courts since it was passed by Democratic majorities in the House and Senate in 2010. Trump, the Republican president-elect who takes office on Jan. 20, called Obamacare a “disaster” during his campaign and pledged to repeal and replace it.  Conservative Republicans as well as moderates expressed concern about launching a repeal before there is clarity about how to replace provisions of the complicated and far-reaching law. Representative Mark Meadows, chairman of the conservative House Freedom Caucus, which has about 40 members, said they were undecided about how to vote.  Moderate Republican Representative Charlie Dent has “major concerns” about the process, according to a spokesman, fearing a repeal vote at the start diminishes the leverage that may be needed to get some lawmakers to back a replacement later. The resolution passed by the Senate on Thursday instructs committees of the House and Senate to draft repeal legislation by Jan. 27. Both chambers will then need to approve the resulting legislation before any repeal goes into effect. House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi vowed to fight. “I think it’s easier to win a fight when something is going to be taken away from you,” Pelosi said in an appearance with elderly Americans who talked about how they had been helped by the law’s provisions, including lower prescription drug costs. Ryan said while Congress would take some replacement steps, the incoming Trump administration would be able to act on its own on some aspects, which he did not detail. Ryan said lawmakers were working on dismantling Obamacare “in sync” with Trump. “We’re not holding hard deadlines, only because we want to get it right,” Ryan said. Trump put new pressure on congressional Republicans on Wednesday when he said Obamacare repeal and replacement should happen “essentially simultaneously.” An influential conservative group, Heritage Action, late on Wednesday pressed lawmakers to back the repeal resolution. Trump senior adviser Kellyanne Conway said the replacement effort would likely tackle drug pricing. ",1
6352,Exclusive: U.S. congressional committee demands answers on WHO cancer agency,"LONDON (Reuters) - The chairman of a U.S. congressional committee investigating taxpayer funding of a World Health Organization cancer agency has asked U.S. health officials to release crucial documents. In a letter seen by Reuters and sent on Thursday to the head of the National Institutes of Health (NIH), U.S. Representative Jason Chaffetz questioned whether the WHO’s International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC) was trying to “avoid public scrutiny” by asking its experts not to disclose requested information. IARC staff were not immediately available for comment. An NIH spokeswoman could not confirm the receiving the letter, but said the agency would respond if and when it arrived. The House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, which Chaffetz chairs, began looking into the NIH’s links with IARC last year after several lawmakers raised questions about why U.S. taxpayers are funding an agency that often faces criticism for its work. The letter marks the latest salvo in a battle between Congress, NIH and IARC that was fueled by IARC’s review of the weedkiller glyphosate.  IARC classifies glyphosate, a key ingredient of Monsanto Co’s herbicide Roundup, as “probably carcinogenic.” That assessment puts IARC at odds with many government regulators, including those in the United States, Europe, Canada, Japan and New Zealand, who say it is unlikely to pose a cancer risk to humans.         Last year, IARC advised academic experts on its glyphosate review panel not to disclose documents they were asked to release under United States freedom of information laws. Chaffetz also sent a separate letter on Thursday to the National Archives and Records Administration office, asking for clarification of federal records law, specifically relating to information sent between a foreign body and a U.S. government email account. IARC is semi-autonomous part of the WHO based in Lyon, France. Its assessments of whether such things as coffee, mobile phones, processed meat and glyphosate cause cancer have caused particular controversy in recent years. IARC’s critics say the agency is sometimes too quick to conclude that substances might cause cancer, prompting unnecessary health scares.  IARC, however, defends its methods as scientifically sound and says its monographs - the name it gives its classifications of carcinogens - are “widely respected for their scientific rigor, standardized and transparent process and ... freedom from conflicts of interest.” Chaffetz originally wrote to NIH director Francis Collins in September last year describing IARC as having “a record of controversy, retractions, and inconsistencies” and asking why the NIH, which has an annual budget of $33 billion, continues to fund it. In Thursday’s follow-up letter, Chaffetz noted that IARC had since then told some of its working group members to not release documents to the Congressional committee. Now, Chaffetz said, the committee wanted access to all IARC employee communications related to public records requests, and other documents. In both letters, Chaffetz asks for a response by Jan. 24. ",1
6353,Congress to start undoing Obama-era regulations this month: leader,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican lawmakers will begin voiding dozens of new U.S. regulations at the end of the month to fulfill their promise to undo Democratic President Barack Obama’s legacy, focusing on environmental and labor rules, the House of Representatives’  second most powerful Republican said on Thursday.  House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy said the Republicans who will shortly control both Congress and the White House for the first time in 10 years have made reforming federal regulation a top priority alongside repealing the Obamacare healthcare program and rewriting the tax code. Republicans are on a blitz to radically reform the vast federal bureaucracy, where they say appointed officials create costly, burdensome red tape that stifles economic growth. Once Republican President-elect Donald Trump is inaugurated on Jan. 20, they will have a like-minded ally in the Oval Office to sign their measures into law. On the chopping block are dozens of new rules that the outgoing Obama administration has finalized since the end of May on energy, the environment, transportation, banking, finance, education and media ownership. Republicans will ax them using the Congressional Review Act, which allows Congress to void a single regulation for a brief window of time after it is issued.   Congress will begin a two-week marathon of voting to disapprove them on Jan. 30, according to McCarthy, who House aides say will lead the process. Disapproval resolutions can pass on simple majorities, giving Senate Democrats no power to block votes with filibusters. McCarthy told the conservative-leaning Hoover Institution that two of the first votes will be on new environmental regulations. Republicans will seek to kill a contentious rule intended to protect streams and forests from the impact of coal mining and a regulation curbing methane leaks on public lands. Congress will also take aim at new requirements for employers to report their workers’ gender, race and ethnicity that are intended to help root out pay discrimination. On Wednesday, the House approved a massive bill for creating accountability in rulemaking. The next day, it passed legislation largely along party lines requiring financial regulators to tally the costs of their rules. Democrats, though, have vowed to block any reform bills, saying the many extra procedures they require will stall agencies’ work, making it impossible to create needed regulations and properly oversee special interests. ",1
6354,Obama surprises Vice President Biden with Medal of Freedom,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama surprised Vice President Joe Biden on Thursday by awarding him the Presidential Medal of Freedom with Distinction in an emotional White House ceremony that celebrated their partnership over eight years in office. “This is an extraordinary man,” Obama said of his friend and running mate at a surprise ceremony with staff, family and friends of the vice president.  “For the past eight years, he could not have been a more devoted or effective partner in the progress that we’ve made.” Biden, who was unaware that the ceremony would take place,  became visibly moved when Obama said he would bestow on him the highest civil honor in the United States.  It will be the last such award that Obama gives before he and Biden leave office on Jan. 20.  “I had no inkling,” Biden, 74, said after receiving the medal. “I get a lot of credit I don’t deserve,” he said, proceeding to give a roughly 20-minute impromptu speech thanking Obama and honoring the extended Biden family. Biden and Obama became close friends during their time in the White House. Biden was a U.S. senator from Delaware when Obama chose him to be his running mate in his 2008 presidential campaign. The vice president told an anecdote about Obama offering to help the Bidens financially during Biden’s son Beau’s illness. Beau Biden died of brain cancer at age 46 in 2015. First lady Michelle Obama and the Obamas’ daughters, Malia and Sasha, also attended the ceremony. ",1
6355,U.S. House Speaker Ryan sets no deadline on Obamacare bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Republicans promising to repeal and replace President Barack Obama’s landmark healthcare law are under “no hard deadlines” for producing an alternate program, House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said on Thursday. Speaking to reporters, Ryan said House Republicans will have an in-depth “conversation” about healthcare legislation during a retreat in Philadelphia at the end of this month, but that the House nonetheless will kick off the complicated process with a vote on Friday on a Senate-passed measure paving the way for Obamacare repeal. ",1
6356,Trump and spy chief differ on what was said in call on Russia dossier,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. spy chief James Clapper and President-elect Donald Trump gave different accounts of a phone conversation they had about a dossier of unverified, salacious claims linking Russia to Trump, who is locked in a war of words with the intelligence agencies he will command in eight days. A newcomer to politics, businessman Trump has been at odds with U.S. spy agencies for months, disputing their conclusions that Russia used hacking and other tactics to try to tilt the 2016 presidential election in his favor.  On Wednesday, he acknowledged the point but opened a new battlefront, responding to media reports of unsubstantiated claims that he was caught in a compromising position in Russia by accusing intelligence agencies of practices reminiscent of Nazi Germany. In a Wednesday night statement Clapper, director of national intelligence, said that in a call with Trump he expressed his dismay over media leaks. Clapper added that he did not believe the leaks came from U.S. intelligence agencies.  Clapper said he emphasized to Trump that the report was not produced by U.S. intelligence agencies and that they had not judged whether the information was reliable. He did not say the document was false. By contrast, Trump suggested in a tweet on Thursday that Clapper agreed that the report was untrue. “James Clapper called me yesterday to denounce the false and fictitious report that was illegally circulated. Made up, phony facts. Too bad!” Trump wrote. Democratic congressman Adam Schiff, an opponent of the Republican Trump, was asked by CNN on Thursday morning about Trump’s characterization of Clapper’s statement that the document was false. “Sadly, you cannot rely on the president-elect’s tweets or statements about what he’s receiving in intelligence briefings. And that’s a real problem,” said Schiff, the leading Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee. “If people really want to know what Director Clapper had to say to Donald Trump, do not rely on Donald Trump’s tweets, rely on Director Clapper’s statement.” At a news conference before speaking to Clapper, Trump accused U.S. intelligence agencies of leaking the document to the media. Two U.S. officials said the allegations about Trump, which one called “unsubstantiated,” were contained in a two-page memo appended to a report on Russian interference in the 2016 election given to Trump and President Barack Obama. CNN reported on Tuesday about the existence of the memo. BuzzFeed published a fuller 35-page document produced by a former British foreign intelligence official that outlined the allegations of compromising behavior by Trump and his purported ties with people in Russia. The claims were included in reports about Trump known as opposition research reports prepared for political rivals of Trump during the 2016 presidential election campaign. ",1
6357,FBI investigated over pre-election decisions on Clinton email,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Justice Department on Thursday said it would probe a Federal Bureau of Investigation decision to announce an inquiry into Hillary Clinton’s emails shortly before the November presidential election, a move she has blamed as a factor in her defeat. The Justice Department’s Office of Inspector General said in a statement that its investigation would focus in part on decisions leading up to public statements by FBI Director James Comey regarding the Clinton investigation and whether they may have been based on “improper considerations.” The controversy involved Clinton’s use of a private email server for official correspondence when she was secretary of state under President Barack Obama, including for messages that were later determined to contain classified information.      The office of Inspector General Michael Horowitz said it decided to open the review “in response to requests from numerous chairmen and ranking members of congressional oversight committees, various organizations and members of the public.” Although the FBI ultimately decided not to refer Clinton’s case for prosecution, Democrats said Comey’s announcement damaged her with voters right before the election, and he faced complaints that his moves were politically motivated. Law enforcement authorities, including the FBI, by custom do not disclose information about investigations that do not end in criminal charges.   If the review finds evidence of misconduct, any officials involved would be referred for disciplinary action.  In a statement, Comey said the FBI would cooperate fully and he was “grateful” to Horowitz for the probe.  “He is professional and independent and ... I hope very much he is able to share his conclusions and observations with the public because everyone will benefit from thoughtful evaluation and transparency regarding this matter.” Brian Fallon, Clinton’s spokesman, told MSNBC on Thursday that Comey’s actions “cried out for an independent review.” Senator Dick Durbin, the No. 2 Democrat in the U.S. Senate said Comey’s statements were not “fair, professional or consistent with the policies of the Federal Bureau of Investigation.”   President-elect Donald Trump, who will be sworn in Jan. 20, will not have the power to dismiss the probe. But federal law permits U.S. presidents to dismiss inspectors general for federal agencies, as long as the president provides Congress a written justification for the removal 30 days in advance.  Often leading crowds in chants of “lock her up!” during the election campaign, Trump as a candidate repeatedly accused Clinton of illegal conduct over the emails. In a debate in October, he vowed she would “be in jail” over the matter if he became president, but he has since said he would not pursue prosecution. PRE-ELECTION ANNOUNCEMENT  Comey publicly announced the status of the agency’s investigation into Clinton’s emails two times in 2016.  In July, Comey held a press conference and testified before Congress to explain why the FBI had decided not to refer Clinton for prosecution, explaining that she was “extremely careless” but should not be charged with gross negligence or any other federal crime.  In October, less than two weeks before the Nov. 8 election, Comey sent members of Congress a letter saying the FBI was resuming the investigation because of new emails found on the computer of disgraced former Representative Anthony Weiner, the husband of one of Clinton’s top aides. U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch had informed Comey the day before he sent the letter that doing so would conflict with official Justice Department guidance that instructs employees to “never select the timing of investigative steps ... for the purpose of affecting any election.” Comey asked whether he was being explicitly directed not to send the letter, and Lynch never gave Comey the order not to do so, a senior government official told Reuters at the time. On Nov. 6, Comey said the investigation into Weiner’s computer produced no new evidence that would incriminate Clinton.     Republican Senator Chuck Grassley, who chairs the Senate Judiciary Committee, on Thursday commended Horowitz for opening the probe.  “Conspicuously absent, though, is any specific reference to the attorney general’s failure to recuse herself from the probe, particularly after her meeting with former President (Bill) Clinton,” said Grassley in a statement. That half-hour meeting, which took place in June on board Lynch’s plane while it was parked on the tarmac in Phoenix, drew criticism that Lynch was politically biased and unfit to oversee the investigation into Hillary Clinton’s email server. Critics of Comey’s decisions also said he could be in violation of the Hatch Act, a 1939 law that bars government employees from interfering with U.S. elections. ",1
6358,U.S. farmers ask Trump to stay the course on Cuba,"HAVANA (Reuters) - Dozens of U.S. farm and agri-business groups on Thursday urged President-elect Donald Trump to build upon progress made by the Obama administration in relations with Cuba, calling trade with the former Cold War foe particularly important at a time of a severe downturn in farm incomes. The agricultural trade groups stated their views in a letter sent to Trump, who is to be inaugurated on Jan. 20. “As a broad cross-section of rural America, we urge you not to take steps to reverse progress made in normalizing relations with Cuba, but also solicit your support for the agricultural business sector to expand trade with Cuba,” the letter said. “It’s time to put the 17 million American jobs associated with agriculture ahead of a few hardline politicians in Washington,” the letter concluded. Signatories included a wide range of agricultural trade groups, from the American Farm Bureau and American Feed Industry Association to the soy bean, corn, rice, wheat, peas, beans, cattle, poultry lobbies and other associations The letter was arranged by the Washington-based Engage Cuba Coalition and USA Rice. Agricultural organizations in states that Trump won, such as Idaho, Alabama and Georgia, were also signatories. Trump, a Republican, has said he will dismantle the still fragile detente begun by President Barack Obama two years ago unless Cuba gives the United States a better deal, while providing no specifics. The letter was sent before the White House announced on Thursday that it was ending a policy that granted residency to Cubans who arrived in the United States without visas, the latest bid by Obama to make his Cuba policy irreversible. Trump is expected to review the Cuba engagement upon taking office and has named Jason Greenblatt, a Trump Organization executive and chief legal counsel, as negotiator for sensitive international issues, including Cuba. Under an exception to the U.S. trade embargo from the year 2000, Cuba may import agricultural products for cash. The letter calls on Trump to allow normal trade financing and credit so the sector can better compete for the Cuban market. While the sector has sold billions of dollars in products to Cuba over the years, the letter said sales have steadily declined as the embargo makes it difficult to compete with other suppliers. Cuba imports some $2 billion in food annually. The signatories cited a deep dip in farm income to bolster their argument that U.S. farmers needed more trade. “Net farm income is down 46 percent from just three years ago, constituting the largest three-year drop since the start of the Great Depression,” the letter said. ",1
6359,U.S. House approves bill on financial regulation costs,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. House of Representatives on Thursday passed a bill requiring the country’s top securities regulator to add up the costs of following new rules before putting them into force, part of a Republican push to reform the federal bureaucracy. By a vote of 243-183, the chamber passed the bill, largely along party lines, which would also require the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission to periodically review its existing rules.  “Whether it is buying a car or choosing a college savings plan, every American family weighs the pros and cons before making major life decisions,” said Representative Ann Wagner, the Missouri Republican who sponsored the bill. The legislation “simply requires that the Commission engages in the same process and can justify that the benefits of a proposed regulation will outweigh its costs,” she said. At the same time, the House passed a bill requiring the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, the country’s derivatives regulator, to assess the costs and benefits of proposed regulations or orders. The CFTC legislation also treads into two long-standing disputes. It bars the SEC from lowering the dollar-amount threshold for requiring swap dealers to register with it. Currently the bar is at $8 billion, and there have been moves to drop it to $3 billion. It also restricts the commission in limiting positions that traders can hold in the commodity markets. The CFTC has pushed off finalizing those limits, included in the 2010 Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform law to prevent fraud and manipulation, over Republicans’ concerns they will hurt farmers and small businesses. Republican lawmakers who control Congress are eager to ease regulation and undo rules enacted under President Barack Obama, a Democrat. Nonetheless, Democrats hold enough seats in the U.S. Senate to block the SEC and CFTC legislation. Only nine Democrats in the House voted for the SEC bill, and seven for the CFTC bill. A single Republican, North Carolina’s Walter Jones, voted against both bills. ",1
6360,U.S. VP-elect Pence to be sworn in by conservative Justice Thomas,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Vice President-elect Mike Pence will be sworn into office on Jan. 20 by U.S. Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas, a conservative legal icon reviled by many liberals. Thomas’s role was included in the official program for Republican President-elect Donald Trump’s inauguration posted online by the Joint Congressional Committee on Inaugural Ceremonies.  Trump will be sworn in by conservative Chief Justice John Roberts. The nation’s chief justice usually swears in the president but an incoming vice president traditionally picks someone else to administer the oath of office. Vice President Joe Biden was sworn in by liberal Justice John Paul Stevens in 2009 and liberal Justice Sonia Sotomayor in 2013. Thomas, 68, is the second black justice to serve on the Supreme Court and is one of its most conservative members. Nominated by Republican President George H.W. Bush, Thomas joined the court in 1991 after contentious Senate confirmation hearings involving sexual harassment allegations against him made by a former federal government colleague, Anita Hill.  In October, after controversy erupted over allegations Trump had fondled numerous women and boasted about it, a female corporate lawyer from Alaska accused Thomas of groping her in 1999, a charge Thomas called “preposterous” and untrue. After taking office, Trump will nominate a justice to serve alongside Thomas on the Supreme Court to fill the vacancy created by the death of another conservative, Justice Antonin Scalia, in February 2016. Republicans who control the U.S. Senate declined to act on President Barack Obama’s nominee to fill the position, Merrick Garland. ",1
6361,French far right leader Le Pen visits Trump Tower but no Trump talks,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - French far-right presidential candidate Marine Le Pen was seen at Trump Tower on Thursday, but a spokesman for President-elect Donald Trump said she did not meet with him or his team. “No meetings with anyone,” transition spokesman Sean Spicer said. “It’s a public building.” Le Pen, whose National Front party holds anti-immigrant and anti-European Union views, was seen entering an elevator at the building, according to a Reuters witness, but she did not speak to reporters gathered there. George Lombardi, a Trump friend who lives in Trump Tower, told reporters that he had coffee there Thursday with Le Pen, who he said he has known for 20 years. He said Le Pen did not request a meeting with Trump. A day earlier, Lombardi said, they attended a party with people they believe might raise money for her campaign, including business people and diplomats. “This is a perfectly privately encounter that she had with some friends of ours,” Lombardi said. “Some people had been asking to meet her a long time ago, and she just happened to be here because I happen to live here.” Le Pen, who is currently projected to lose a runoff with conservative former prime minister Francois Fillon in next May’s election, has struggled to raise money for her campaign both in France and abroad. She has also sought to burnish her credentials with foreign appearances. Her staff in April announced that she would go to Britain to campaign for that country’s exit from the European Union but she ended up not going after being shunned by the Brexit campaign. Le Pen was seen at Trump Tower with Lombardi, Louis Aliot, her partner and vice president of National Front, and Ludovic De Danne, her international affairs adviser. Her staff confirmed her visit to New York, characterizing it as a private trip. “She took two days to have a break,” campaign director David Rachline said. Trump Tower has been the site of a series of meetings between Trump, a Republican, and business and political leaders as he assembles his administration ahead of his Jan. 20 inauguration. It also has become a tourist destination since Trump’s surprise November election victory over Democrat Hillary Clinton.  The group Human Rights Watch mentioned both Trump and Le Pen in a report warning that the rise of populist leaders threatens global human rights. It cited Trump’s victory as well as Britain’s move to leave the European Union led by Nigel Farage, who Trump has praised.  Le Pen is expected to earn enough votes in the first round of presidential voting in April to enter a second round election set for May 7. Last summer Le Pen told a French magazine that if she were American, she would vote for Trump rather than Clinton. A week after Trump’s victory, Le Pen said she, Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin “would be good for world peace.” ",1
6362,Trump's Pentagon choice says U.S. needs to be ready to confront Russia,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Donald Trump’s pick to lead the Pentagon put Russia at the top of a list of threats to U.S. interests on Thursday and told Congress that America must be ready to confront Moscow where necessary, even as he backed Trump’s bid for better relations.  The remarks by retired Marine General James Mattis were the latest by one of Trump’s Cabinet picks that veered away from the president-elect’s campaign rhetoric, which included praise for Russian President Vladimir Putin and pledges to improve ties with him.  Secretary of State nominee Rex Tillerson on Wednesday also  expressed views at odds with Trump on key foreign policy issues like nuclear proliferation, trade deals, climate change and relations with Mexico. Mattis said Russia, China and Islamist militants were presenting the biggest challenge to the U.S.-led world order since World War Two, and called for Congress to lift spending caps undermining military readiness.  “I’m all for engagement but we also have to recognize reality in what Russia is up to,” Mattis said, adding there were a “decreasing number of areas” where the United States might cooperate with Moscow.  Asked about the main threats to U.S. interests, Mattis said: “I would consider the principle threats to start with Russia.”  Mattis said he wanted to meet with the new Trump national security team to “craft a strategy to confront Russia for what it’s done,” when questioned about the possibility of new U.S. sanctions. Due to enter the White House in eight days, Trump on Wednesday acknowledged that Russia likely hacked the Democratic National Committee and emails of top Democrats during the 2016 presidential election campaign, a conclusion reached by U.S. spy agencies. Mattis cited Russian involvement in hacking and information warfare among the challenges posed by Moscow. Others include treaty violations, destabilizing activities abroad and “alarming messages from Moscow regarding the use of nuclear weapons.”  He also accused Russia of trying to undermine NATO. Unlike Trump, who appeared to question the alliance during his campaign, Mattis strongly embraced it — calling NATO central to America’s defense. “We recognize that he (Putin) is trying to break the North Atlantic alliance,” Mattis said. Senator John McCain, the Republican chairman of the committee, said he “could not be happier” about Mattis’ nomination. He warned sternly against optimism about engaging with Putin. “Putin wants to be our enemy. He needs us as his enemy. He will never be our partner,” McCain exclaimed. Mattis also singled out China for its activities in the South China Sea, where it has been building man-made islands with anti-aircraft and anti-missile batteries. Together with Russian activities and the threats of Islamist extremists, Mattis said China was part of mounting assault on global stability, and the relationship with Beijing needed to be carefully managed. “I think it (the world order) is under the biggest attack since World War Two, sir, and that is from Russia, from terrorist groups, and with what China is doing in the South China Sea,” he said. Mattis railed against defense spending caps imposed by Congress and, when pressed, said he did not believe the U.S. military was strong enough to properly deter potential adversaries. Mattis, who retired from the military in 2013, is technically ineligible for the job since he has not been a civilian for at least seven years. That means Congress would need to grant him a waiver, something it has not done since 1950, but appears inclined to do now.  After Mattis’ testimony, the waiver cleared its first hurdle in Congress when the Senate Armed Services Committee approved it. The full Senate later backed the waiver by an overwhelming 81-17 vote, reflecting the strong support Mattis enjoys in Congress. Mark Cancian, a senior adviser at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, said he expected bipartisan support for Mattis would help him overcome limited opposition. “The other thing he has going for him is that he may be a restraint on some of Trump’s more extreme impulses,” Cancian said.  Mattis, 66, has tried to persuade Trump privately against the use of waterboarding, which simulates drowning, as an interrogation tactic. Top U.S. officials, many lawmakers and human rights groups have denounced waterboarding as torture.   Trump’s pick for CIA director took a similar line during his confirmation hearing on Thursday, saying he would stand firm if necessary against Trump on the issue of so-called enhanced interrogation techniques.     Mattis was fiercely critical of Iran, cautioning that Tehran’s “malign influence” in the region was growing. “Iran is the biggest destabilizing force in the Middle East and its policies are contrary to our interests,” Mattis said in written responses to the committee. Still, Mattis did not echo Trump’s campaign threat to rip up a nuclear deal between Iran and world powers, under which Tehran agreed to curb its nuclear program in return for relief from economic sanctions. Mattis said the deal was imperfect but that the United States should uphold it.  “When America gives our word, we have to live up to it,” Mattis said. ",1
6363,"Mattis says 'very, very' confident in U.S. intelligence agencies","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump’s nominee for U.S. Secretary of Defense, James Mattis, said on Thursday that he had a “very, very high degree of confidence” in U.S. intelligence agencies. Mattis, speaking at his Senate confirmation hearing, said he expects Trump to be open to his view on intelligence matters, and that the world order was under its biggest attack since World War Two. ",1
6364,U.S. Senate panel backs waiver allowing Mattis to serve as defense secretary,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate Armed Services Committee backed a waiver on Thursday that will allow James Mattis to serve as President-elect Donald Trump’s secretary of defense, despite having retired as a Marine General in 2013. The panel voted 24-3 to waive a law on civilian control of the U.S. military that would have barred Mattis from assuming the position for seven years after his active duty service. The “no” votes came from three Democrats: Senators Richard Blumenthal, Kirsten Gillibrand and Elizabeth Warren. The waiver must still be approved by the full Senate, the House of Representatives Armed Services Committee and the full House to allow Mattis to serve if he is confirmed to lead the Pentagon. ",1
6365,U.S. Senate backs waiver allowing Mattis to lead Pentagon,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate overwhelmingly backed a waiver on Thursday that will allow James Mattis to serve as President-elect Donald Trump’s secretary of defense, despite having retired as a Marine General in 2013. The Senate voted 81 to 17 for a one-time waiver of a provision of a law on civilian control of the U.S. military requiring a seven-year wait before active-duty military can lead the Department of Defense. The waiver must still be approved by the House of Representatives Armed Services Committee and full House, and signed into law by the president, to allow Mattis to serve if he is confirmed to lead the Pentagon. ",1
6366,U.S. House panel narrowly backs Mattis waiver,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. House of Representatives Armed Services Committee narrowly backed a waiver on Thursday that would allow James Mattis to serve as President-elect Donald Trump’s secretary of defense, despite having retired as a Marine general in 2013. The panel voted 34 to 28, along party lines, for a waiver of a provision of a law on civilian control of the U.S. military requiring a seven-year wait before active-duty military can lead the Department of Defense. Committee Democrats opposed the measure after Trump’s transition team canceled Mattis’ appearance at a committee hearing. ",1
6367,Protests will aim to disrupt Trump inauguration: organizers,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Thousands of demonstrators are expected to turn out in Washington next week for protests aiming to “shut down” the inauguration of Donald Trump as the next U.S. president, organizers said on Thursday. Protesters will attempt to close down 12 security checkpoints at the U.S. Capitol, where Trump will take the oath of office on Jan. 20, and along the 2.5-mile (4-km) parade route down Pennsylvania Avenue, according to leaders of a group called DisruptJ20. “We want to shut down the inauguration,” organizer David Thurston told a news conference. “We want to see a seething rebellion develop in this city and across the country.” A representative of the Trump transition team could not be immediately reached for comment, nor could a spokesman for the District of Columbia police. After a deeply polarizing campaign, Trump’s surprise victory in the Nov. 8 election has inflamed passions across the  political spectrum. The Republican president-elect’s supporters embrace his brash, no-nonsense style and image as an astute problem-solver. His detractors are dismayed by what they see as an authoritarian bent and an array of provocative policy pronouncements. DisruptJ20, which is working with Black Lives Matter and other protest groups, said it also planned predawn blockades and disruptive demonstrations during inaugural balls in the evening. Some 300 DisruptJ20 volunteers will work to mobilize demonstrators for a series of protests the group has dubbed the “Festival of Resistance.”  “We are not in favor of a peaceful transition of power, and we need to stop it,” organizer Legba Carrefour said. The group has three protest permits and “promises other surprises,” said spokeswoman Samantha Miller.  All told, 27 protest groups have been granted permits, more than four times the average number for past inaugurations, according to the National Park Service.  The Women’s March, on the day after the inauguration, is expected to attract 200,000 people, said the park service, which issues permits.  The inauguration is expected to draw 800,000 spectators, according to officials. That compares with some 1.8 million attending Barack Obama’s 2009 inauguration as America’s first black president, one of the largest crowds ever to gather in the U.S. capital for such an event. Protest organizers said they were concerned with the potential for violent clashes with Trump supporters. “We are definitely worried about our safety, so we’ll be training to help keep people safe,” Miller said. The group will have to navigate tight security provided by three dozen law enforcement agencies, including the Capitol Police, FBI, Secret Service, National Park Service and National Guard.  Security will include more than 3,200 police officers from departments across the country, 8,000 members of the National Guard and an additional 5,000 active-duty military members.      Security costs have exceeded $100 million, officials said. Last week, interim D.C. Police Chief Peter Newsham told reporters that authorities were ready for any attempt to disrupt the festivities. “The fact that you have some folks that are indicating on social media that they’re coming to shut down the inauguration events is something that we will be prepared for,” Newsham said.   ",1
6368,Fast-food workers protest Trump's labor secretary nominee,"LOS ANGELES/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The union-backed “Fight for $15” movement protested at Carl’s Jr and Hardee’s restaurants on Thursday in a bid to stop the chains’ head, a vocal opponent of minimum wage increases and “overregulation,” from becoming U.S. labor secretary. Senate leadership has pushed back the confirmation hearing of Andrew Puzder to February from a tentative date of Jan. 17.  Puzder, 66, leads CKE Restaurants Inc. For years, he has said Obama administration policies have saddled industry with higher costs and contributed to a “government-mandated restaurant recession.”        An enthusiastic supporter of President-elect Donald Trump, Puzder has spoken against efforts to raise the minimum wage to $15 and is widely expected to roll back policies such as those aimed at curbing unpaid overtime and improving worker safety. The four-year-old “Fight for $15” movement has helped win big minimum wage hikes in California and New York. It also seeks to unionize restaurant workers. The restaurant industry is the biggest U.S. employer of minimum wage workers, and CKE’s restaurants, like many others, have been cited or sued for violating wage and safety rules. “If Puzder is confirmed as labor secretary, it will mean the Trump years will be about low pay ... instead of making lives better for working Americans like me,” said Terrance Dixon, 32, who makes $9 per hour at a St. Louis Hardee’s.       Puzder was unavailable for comment. He recently resigned from the International Franchise Association’s board. That industry group represents companies like CKE and McDonald’s Corp and has urged its 15,000 members to lobby on Puzder’s behalf.     “These protests distract from the real issues at hand for our nation’s leaders – how to create economic growth at all levels, which is the only real solution to income inequality in America,” said Matt Haller, IFA’s senior vice president of public affairs.       Senate Democrats including Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts held a hearing on Tuesday after Republican rivals rebuffed their request to bring witnesses to Puzder’s upcoming confirmation hearing.  The protestor-packed event included testimony from Laura McDonald, 51, who was a general manager at a CKE-owned Carl’s Jr restaurant in California from 1988 until 2012.  She has joined two potential California class-action wage and hour lawsuits against CKE, which during her tenure switched general managers from salaried to hourly workers. In 2004, CKE paid $9 million to settle California lawsuits claiming unpaid overtime for general managers. “When CKE made general managers into hourly employees, it set our wages so low that we had to work 47-1/2 hours a week just to earn the same money we’ve been being paid as a salary,” McDonald said.  A transition official accused Democrats of running a smear campaign and lauded Puzder as a successful businessman. Puzder opponents face stiff odds when it comes to derailing his confirmation by the Republican-controlled Senate. The last six incoming presidents made 109 Cabinet-level appointments and just six picks did not go on to win Senate approval, according to an analysis by the website FiveThirtyEight. ",1
6369,Democrats press U.S. housing nominee Carson on potential Trump conflicts,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Democrats on Thursday pressed Ben Carson, Donald Trump’s nominee to lead housing policy, on potential conflicts of interest between the agency he is set to run and properties in which the president-elect may hold a financial stake. The Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) hands out billions of dollars each year to developers and landlords. Democrats grilling Carson during his confirmation hearing for the post expressed concerns that some of that taxpayer money could end up directed to Trump or members of his family. “The president-elect is hiding his family businesses interests from you, from me, and the rest of America,” Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts, one of Trump’s most vocal critics, told Carson. “He can divert taxpayer money into his own pockets without the American people knowing about it.” Trump, a New York businessman who got his start in real estate, has refused to release his tax returns or provide detailed information about his holdings across the globe. On Wednesday, he announced that he would turn control of his business empire over to his two oldest sons and move his assets into a trust. Those moves, however, have not assuaged some critics who argue that, as president, Trump will still have undisclosed financial interests that could affect his policies. Pushed on the issue by Democrats, Carson at one point vowed he would monitor any potential conflicts of interest but said  he was unsure about how to go about it. Asked how he would prevent conflicts, the retired neurosurgeon and former Republican presidential candidate told the Senate Banking Committee, “I would hope what would happen with this committee is that we could come up with a suggestion that might be acceptable to all sides.” Trump reportedly has an interest in the massive Starrett City housing project in the New York City of Brooklyn, which has received HUD funds. But Trump’s real estate career has focused mainly on luxury housing, commercial real estate and resort properties. Earlier in the hearing, Carson was noncommittal when Warren asked him to ensure that no HUD programs would benefit Trump.  “If there happens to be an extraordinarily good program that is working for millions of people and it turns that someone you’re targeting is going to gain $10 from it, am I going to say, ‘No, the rest of you Americans can’t have it?’” Carson responded. Carson is widely expected to be confirmed by the Republican-controlled Senate committee and full Senate. Much of Thursday’s hearing focused on Carson’s long-standing antipathy toward social-welfare programs, with some senators asking him whether he, in fact, supports HUD’s mission to provide housing assistance to millions of Americans. “I think the rental assistance program is essential,” Carson replied. He later, added, however that social programs have to operate within financial constraints.  Much of Carson’s remarks focused on his well-documented background growing up poor in inner-city Detroit, saying he learned young what “housing insecurity” means. He provided few details in terms of U.S. housing policy or how he would revamp the agency, suggesting only that he was interested in making it more efficient. If confirmed as HUD secretary, Carson would oversee an agency with a roughly $40 billion budget that not only helps the poor but underwrites mortgage loans for middle-class families. HUD’s Federal Housing Administration (FHA) stands behind roughly one in five home loans and at least $1.1 trillion in debt - a number that Carson said was troubling. Outgoing HUD Secretary Julian Castro this week slashed HUD fees for mortgage default insurance, which he said would save the average HUD-backed homeowner $500 a year. Carson suggested that he would consider reversing that surprise move. “Certainly, if confirmed, I am going to work with the FHA administrator and other financial experts to really examine that policy,” he said. ",1
6370,CIA nominee seeks to repair damage from Trump feud with spy agencies,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Donald Trump’s nominee to head the CIA sought on Thursday to repair damage from the president-elect’s feud with U.S. intelligence agencies, saying he accepted their findings on Russian hacking, would not comply if ordered to renew use of harsh interrogation techniques and would always “have their backs.” Mike Pompeo’s testimony at his Senate confirmation hearing appeared aimed at reassuring staff at the agency he has been picked to lead, even at the risk of contradicting or distancing himself from some of Trump’s strongest criticism of the intelligence community. Diverging from Trump’s stated aim of seeking closer ties with Russia, Pompeo accused the Russian leadership of “aggressive action” in meddling in the November U.S. elections, of “asserting itself aggressively” by occupying part of Ukraine and of doing “doing nearly nothing” to destroy Islamic State. Pompeo, a Republican member of the House of Representatives and a former U.S. Army officer, insisted that if necessary he would be ready to stand up to Trump, who takes office on Jan. 20, and would shield CIA operatives against any effort to politicize its work. “You have my commitment that every day, I will not only speak truth to power, but I will demand that the men and the women (of the CIA) ... follow my instruction to do that each and every day,” he said. For weeks, the Republican president-elect questioned the intelligence agencies’ conclusion that Russia used hacking and other tactics to try to tilt the election in his favor - an unprecedented breach between an incoming U.S. leader and the intelligence operatives he will soon command. Trump said on Wednesday that Russia was behind the hacking but that other countries were hacking the United States as well. Asked about the hacking, Pompeo said he was very clear about what he called an “aggressive action” ordered by the Russian leadership, and accepted the U.S. intelligence report on the matter. “I’ve seen nothing to cast any doubt on the findings in the report,” he said. Trump this week also furiously denounced intelligence officials for what he said were leaks to the media by intelligence agencies of a dossier that makes unverified, salacious allegations about his contacts in Russia. By contrast, Pompeo voiced strong support for the agency,  saying he has seen Central Intelligence Agency staff “walk through fire.” He said he understood it would be a problem “if folks were afraid there would be political retribution” and promised “to have their backs at every single moment. You have my word I will do that.” Pompeo also signaled he would stand firm if necessary against Trump on the issue of enhanced interrogation techniques for terrorism suspects. Such techniques, which were introduced under President George W. Bush after the Sept. 11, 2001 attacks on the United States, are widely regarded as torture and their use has been banned by Congress. Trump said during the election campaign the United States should bring back tactics such as waterboarding, which simulates drowning, although since the election he has said he has heard arguments against such methods. Asked about the issue, Pompeo said that he would “absolutely not” restart enhanced interrogation techniques by the CIA if asked by the president-elect. He noted it would take a change in the law for the CIA to use interrogation techniques that go beyond those permitted by the Army, adding he could not imagine that Trump would order the CIA to use illegal methods. Pompeo, a conservative lawmaker from Kansas who is on the House Intelligence Committee, emphasized that he would be a neutral assessor of challenges and threats. In opening remarks he said he understood that if confirmed his role would switch from policymaker to provider of information. Noting that the CIA does not make policy on any country, he added, “it is a policy decision as to what to do with Russia, but it will be essential that the Agency provide policymakers with accurate intelligence and clear-eyed analysis of Russian activities.” Equally, he said that he would drop the opposition he has had as a lawmaker to the 2015 nuclear deal between Iran and major powers. He said the CIA must be “rigorously fair and objective” in assessing the deal. But he called the Iranians “professionals at cheating” and said he would work to improve U.S. capability to detect violations of Tehran’s commitment to curb its nuclear activities. He called Iran an “emboldened, disruptive player in the Middle East, fuelling tensions” with Sunni Muslim allies of the United States.  Pompeo listed it among the challenges facing the United States along with what he called a “resilient” Islamic State and the fallout from Syria’s long civil war. Pompeo also named North Korea, which he said had “dangerously accelerated its nuclear and ballistic missile capabilities.” He said China was creating “real tensions” with its activities in the South China Sea and in cyberspace as it flexed its muscles and expanded its military and economic reach. ",1
6371,"Biden knocks Trump for Nazi reference, criticism of intelligence agencies","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Vice President Joe Biden on Thursday criticized President-elect Donald Trump for comparing the U.S. intelligence establishment to Nazi Germany and said it was damaging to the United States’ standing in the world to denigrate agencies that protect the nation. Trump, a Republican who takes office on Jan. 20, on Wednesday said leaks from intelligence agencies led some U.S. media outlets to report unsubstantiated claims that he was caught in a compromising position in Russia, and said such leaks were reminiscent of Nazi Germany. “It is really very damaging, in my view, to our standing in the world for a president to take one of the crown jewels of our national defense and denigrate it,” Biden, a Democrat, told reporters at the White House, referring to intelligence agencies. “It plays into, particularly now, the Russian narrative that America doesn’t know what it’s doing.” Trump tweeted on Thursday that U.S. spy chief James Clapper had called him to “denounce the false and fictitious report that was illegally circulated.”  Clapper, however, said in a statement on Wednesday night that in the call with Trump he emphasized that the report was not produced by U.S. intelligence agencies and that they had not judged whether the information was reliable. He did not say the document was false. Capper said he expressed his dismay over media leaks. The director of national intelligence added that he did not believe the leaks came from U.S. intelligence agencies. At the White House, Biden praised the quality of U.S. intelligence and said it was not surprising that someone who had never worked in government would not understand how consequential intelligence reports are. Trump has never held elected office. “The one thing you never want to invoke is Nazi Germany, no matter what the circumstances,” Biden said. “Even if you’re trying to make a point that may, and I’m not suggesting it did, may be relevant, it just, it is an overwhelming diversion.” Groups fighting anti-Semitism have also objected to Trump’s reference to Nazi Germany. “The president-elect’s use of Nazi Germany to make a political analogy is not only an inappropriate comparison on the merits, but it also coarsens our discourse and diminishes the horror of the Holocaust,” Jonathan Greenblatt, chief executive of the Anti-Defamation League, said in a statement on Wednesday. Biden said he hoped Trump would realize the importance of intelligence briefings at the White House. “It’s an extremely valuable tool ... I think he’ll come to understand that. And if he doesn’t, it would be a tragedy for the interests of the country,” Biden said. Biden said he liked his successor, Vice President-elect Mike Pence, and had briefed him on the job. He said he thought Pence’s views of Russia and its president, Vladimir Putin, were more informed than Trump’s. “I never know what he means,” Biden said of Trump. “But I do think that Mike is significantly more informed about Russian conduct, potential intentions and Putin’s behavior than ... the president-elect is, based on what the president-elect says.” The vice president, who considered running for the 2016 Democratic presidential nomination, said he did not think his party was experiencing a crisis after its losses in the U.S. elections. Trump defeated Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in the presidential race, and Democrats did not succeed in their efforts to regain control of the U.S. Senate and significantly erode Republican control of the U.S. House of Representatives. “I don’t think they’re in a crisis, I think the party has to just remember who the hell they are,” said Biden.  ",1
6372,"AT&T chief executive, Trump meet amid planned Time Warner merger","NEW YORK (Reuters) - AT&T Inc (T.N) Chief Executive Randall Stephenson on Thursday met in New York with U.S. President-elect Donald Trump, an opponent of  the company’s acquisition of Time Warner Inc (TWX.N).  A spokeswoman for Trump confirmed the meeting after Stephenson was seen entering Trump Tower. Stephenson, who was accompanied by Robert Quinn, AT&T’s senior executive vice president for external and legislative affairs, would not answer questions from reporters.  AT&T said later on Thursday that the company’s $85.4 billion deal for Time Warner was not discussed. “The conversation focused on how AT&T can work with the Trump administration to increase investment in the U.S., stimulate job creation in America, and make American companies more competitive globally,” AT&T said in a statement.  During his campaign for the White House, Trump said AT&T’s proposal to buy Time Warner, owner of CNN and the Warner Bros movie studio, was an example of a “power structure” that was rigged against him and voters. “It’s too much concentration of power in the hands of too few,” said Trump, who has repeatedly accused the media of being biased against him and his campaign. Since the election, Trump has not commented publicly on the AT&T-Time Warner deal, but he has been critical of CNN. He sparred with a CNN reporter on Wednesday during a televised news conference.  A person briefed on the matter said AT&T requested the meeting with Trump late last week.  As Thursday’s meeting was about to get under way, Trump tweeted: “@CNN is in a total meltdown with their FAKE NEWS because their ratings are tanking since election and their credibility will soon be gone.” Representatives from AT&T and Time Warner declined to comment on Trump’s tweet.  A Trump transition official told Reuters earlier this month that the president-elect still opposed the deal, which would require antitrust approval by the U.S. Department of Justice. It could also face a review by the Federal Communications Commission, although the companies are considering ways to structure the deal to avoid that.  Time Warner shareholders will meet on Feb. 15 to decide whether to approve the merger. ",1
6373,Trump wades in on flap over L.L. Bean boycott threats,"BOSTON (Reuters) - Donald Trump on Thursday tweeted his support of Maine catalog retailer L.L. Bean after an activist group opposed to the U.S. president-elect called for a boycott of the company. The boycott call began online last week after reports that a member of the Bean family that owns the company, best known for its rubber-bottomed hunting boots, had donated money to Trump’s candidacy. “Thank you to Linda Bean of L.L. Bean for your great support and courage,” Trump said in a tweet early on Thursday. “People will support you even more now. Buy L.L. Bean.” The “Grab Your Wallet” website added L.L. Bean, based in Freeport, Maine, to a lengthy list of retailers it is urging Trump opponents to boycott because of their ties Trump, who will be sworn in on Jan. 20. L.L. Bean scrambled to distance itself from Linda Bean’s donations, noting that she was one of more than 50 members of the founding family associated with the 105-year-old company, which described itself as politically neutral. “Our owners, employees, and customers hold views and embrace causes that are individual and diverse,” the company said in a statement late on Sunday. “We fully acknowledge and respect that some may disagree with the political views of a single member of our 10-person board of directors.” A spokeswoman for the company did not immediately respond to a request for comment on Thursday. Trump’s tweet drew responses from supporters and opponents on Thursday, some of whom vowed to boycott the company, others who said they planned to buy its merchandise. Trump has taken on several prominent U.S. companies, including United Technologies Corp’s (UTX.N) Carrier air conditioning unit and General Motors Co (GM.N) for manufacturing products outside the United States. His track record of pouncing on high-profile executives has left the leaders of corporate America wary of waking up one morning to find themselves Trump’s latest target. Maine is politically divided. It has a split Congressional delegation and a two-term Republican governor, but former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton carried the state in the Nov. 8 election. On Thursday, Governor Paul LePage, a vocal supporter of Trump, praised Linda Bean. “It is reprehensible how progressives have bullied her and her family’s company,” LePage said. “I encourage Mainers and customers around the globe to continue their strong support of L.L. Bean.” ",1
6374,Judge to weigh citizen's 'Bridgegate' complaint against New Jersey's Christie,"(Reuters) - A New Jersey judge plans to decide by Friday whether to dismiss a citizen’s criminal complaint accusing Governor Chris Christie of a role in the “Bridgegate” lane-closure scandal. Prosecutors in Bergen County told Judge Bonnie Mizdol on Wednesday that the case should be tossed on procedural grounds because a different judge who permitted it to advance failed to give Christie’s lawyers an opportunity to speak at an earlier hearing. A lawyer for Christie also urged Mizdol to throw out the complaint filed by Bill Brennan, a retired firefighter and activist who recently announced a long-shot bid to succeed the governor in this fall’s election. Christie did not attend the hearing in Hackensack, New Jersey. Brennan has accused Christie of knowing about a scheme to shut down access lanes at the George Washington Bridge in 2013 to punish a local mayor for failing to endorse his reelection campaign. Two former Christie associates were convicted in November of federal charges for orchestrating the plot. Christie has denied any knowledge of or involvement in the plan, but U.S. prosecutors presented evidence at trial suggesting he was at least aware of the lane closures while they were happening. Brennan filed the complaint in municipal court in Fort Lee, where the closures occurred. In October, Judge Roy McGeady referred the complaint to prosecutors to determine whether enough evidence existed to support criminal charges against Christie. Christie’s lawyer, Craig Carpenito, said in a court filing that the matter should never have gotten that far, calling it “a political stunt from a now-declared candidate for governor.” Brennan has said he will refile his complaint if Mizdol, the top judge in Bergen County, decides to dismiss it. Last month, Mizdol denied Brennan’s request to have an independent prosecutor assigned to the case. “As of now the defendant controls the prosecutor,” Brennan said in an email after the hearing, “and that is a dangerous place for us to be standing.” Despite Christie’s denials, the scandal dogged his failed bid for the Republican presidential nomination. He was once seen as a possible cabinet appointee for U.S. President-elect Donald Trump until the conviction of his former allies prompted a fresh round of negative attention. Bridget Kelly, a former Christie chief of staff, and Bill Baroni, a former Port Authority of New York and New Jersey executive appointed by the governor, are trying to have their convictions overturned.",1
6375,"Factbox: Trump meets with AT&T CEO, others","(Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump held meetings in New York on Thursday as he prepared to take over the White House from President Barack Obama on Jan. 20. The following is a list of confirmed meetings from Thursday,according to Trump’s transition team:           * Chairman and CEO of AT&T Inc (T.N), which is planning to merge with Time Warner Inc (TWX.N) * Former U.S. ambassador to Uruguay * Under consideration for U.S. Agency for International Development post * Former U.S. ambassador to Tanzania * Under consideration for U.S. Agency for International Development post * Chief executive officer of 21.co and a partner in Andreessen Horowitz * Under consideration for U.S. Food and Drug Administration post * Managing director at Mithril Capital Management * Under consideration for U.S. Food and Drug Administration post * President of Portugal     ",1
6376,Trump picks Giuliani to assemble cyber security meetings with executives,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump plans to meet with corporate executives who have faced cyber security challenges in a series of meetings arranged by former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani, his transition team said in a statement. Giuliani, a former Trump campaign adviser who runs a cyber security consulting business, will facilitate the meetings but “no consensus advice or recommendations resulting from group deliberations or interaction is expected or will be solicited.” Instead, the statement said, Trump aims “to obtain experiential and anecdotal information from each executive.” ",1
6377,Australia causing refugees 'severe and lasting harm': Human Rights Watch,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australia’s poor treatment of refugees in offshore detention camps is “draconian” and is causing lasting damage to refugees and to Australia’s reputation as a rights-respecting country, Human Rights Watch said on Friday. Conditions in the camps are abusive and detainees “regularly endure violence, threats and harassment”, Human Rights Watch said in the Australian chapter of its annual global report.     Under Australian rules, anyone intercepted while trying to reach the country by boat is sent for processing to camps in the Pacific Island nation of Nauru and at Manus Island, in Papua New Guinea (PNG). They are never eligible to be resettled in Australia. A spokeswoman for the Department of Immigration, asked about the report before its release, declined to comment but referred to earlier department assertions that conditions at the camps were adequate and were the responsibility of Nauru and PNG. Those governments did not immediately respond to requests for comment. Australia said in November it had agreed with the United States to resettle some of the refugees in the Nauru and PNG camps, in return for Australia taking refugees from Central America. But subsequent White House comments cast doubt on whether the new U.S. administration would proceed with the deal.     The arrangement offered “no solution” in any case, Human Rights Watch said, adding Australia should close the camps and better protect refugees.  Australia’s tough policy has drawn strong criticism from the United Nations and other international rights organizations amid a global debate on how to manage huge numbers of asylum seekers displaced by conflict. Successive Australian governments have supported the policy, which they say is needed to stop people drowning at sea during dangerous boat journeys.       More than 1,990 asylum seekers have drowned on voyages to Australia since January 2000, according to Monash University’s Australian Border Deaths Database.  More than a third of the deaths occurred between 2007 and 2012, when Australia suspended its offshore detention program, including an accident in 2010 when 50 people were killed when their boat was thrown onto rocks at Christmas Island. That accident swung political and public opinion behind the offshore detention policy, which has enjoyed bipartisan and public support in Australia. Human Rights Watch also criticized PNG for police brutality, after officers opened fire on student protesters in June. PNG was also “one of the most dangerous places in the world to be a woman”, and the government had failed to address corruption, Human Rights Watch added.    Australia and PNG agreed to close the Manus Island camp in August, but gave no date and it remains open. It held 871 people and the Nauru camp 383 people, according to the most recent statistics released by Australia in November. ",1
6378,"Mattis to say U.S. must confront Russian behavior, but open to engagement","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump’s nominee for U.S. Secretary of Defense James Mattis will say on Thursday that the United States must confront Russian behavior when it is contrary to the interests of the United States. Mattis, in a written response to the Senate Armed Services Committee considering his nomination, however added that he supported Trump’s “desire to engage with Russia.” ",1
6379,"Trump, tech tycoons talk overhaul of H1B visas"," NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump’s transition team has been actively considering ways to revamp a temporary visa program used to bring foreign workers to the United States to fill high-skilled jobs, according to sources familiar with the discussions.  Possibilities for reforming the distribution of H-1B visas, which are used largely by the tech industry, were discussed at a meeting last month with chief executives of tech companies at Trump Tower, said two sources, who asked not to be named because they were not authorized to talk about the closed-door talks.  DON’T MISS Pharma grapples with drug price backlash DOJ to examine FBI actions in Clinton email probe Trump senior policy adviser Stephen Miller proposed scrapping the existing lottery system used to award the visas. A possible replacement system would favor visa petitions for jobs that pay the highest salaries, according to the sources.  H-1B visas are intended for foreign nationals in “specialty” occupations that generally require higher education, which according to U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) includes, but is not limited to, scientists, engineers or computer programmers. The government awards 65,000 every year.  Companies say they use them to recruit top talent. But a majority of the visas are awarded to outsourcing firms, sparking criticism by skeptics that say those firms use the visas to fill lower-level information technology jobs. Critics also say the lottery system benefits outsourcing firms that flood the system with mass applications.  The H-1B visa program tends to be more critical to outsourcing firms than U.S. tech firms. For instance, more than 60 percent of the U.S. employees of Indian outsourcing firm Infosys (INFY.NS) are H-1B holders, and the company in its annual report has cited an increase in visa costs as among factors that could hurt its profitability.  The top 10 recipients of H-1B visas in 2015 were all outsourcing firms, according to government data compiled by the IEEE-USA, a professional organization representing U.S. engineers.  Sixty-five percent of H-1B petitions approved in the 2014 fiscal year went to tech workers, mostly from India, according to USCIS.  In several high-profile cases, American workers were asked to train H-1B holders to do their jobs before being laid off themselves.  The idea advanced by Miller in the tech meeting has also been pushed by the IEEE-USA.  Miller previously served as a staffer for Senator Jeff Sessions, Trump’s pick for attorney general, who has been an outspoken critic of abuses of the H-1B program.  Trump, who has applied for H-1B visas to bring in foreign workers to his own businesses sent mixed messages about the program on the campaign trail. He assailed it for taking jobs from U.S. workers, but during a Republican debate last March said he was “softening” his position “because we have to have talented people in this country.”  He later issued a statement on his website saying he would “end forever the use of the H-1B as a cheap labor program.”  Trump businesses, like Trump National Golf Club and Trump Model Management, have received permission to bring in more than two dozen foreign employees on H-1B visas since 2011, according to Department of Labor data.  During the meeting last month in New York, Trump seemed to be searching for middle ground, and members of his transition team raised specific proposals, the two sources said. A third source familiar with the talks said the Trump team has also discussed the plan to change the lottery system internally.  There were more than a dozen top tech executives from some of the country’s largest tech companies, including Google (GOOGL.O), Facebook (FB.O) and Apple (AAPL.O), present at the meeting.  Microsoft (MSFT.O) CEO Satya Nadella said technology companies need to be able to recruit talent from abroad when necessary.  Trump seemed open to modifying the H-1B program, the sources said. He said he wanted to stop “bad people” from immigrating to the United States, not “great people,” according to one account of the meeting.  Among proposals the group discussed was raising the cost of applications from large companies as a way to discourage bulk filing for the visas. Asked by Trump if they would object to that, none of the tech CEOs said they would.  “In our view, the president-elect is not hostile to H-1B visas,” said one of the sources familiar with discussions at the meeting.  While Trump could initiate some changes to the visa program with executive action, significant shifts would likely need to go through a lengthy formal rulemaking process, said Stephen Yale-Loehr, an immigration expert at Cornell Law School. Major changes would likely be subject to court challenges, he said.  Other reforms, like changing the visa cap or offering more green cards to high-tech workers, could require Congressional action, Yale-Loehr said.  A wide variety of companies, including Thomson Reuters (TRI.TO), use the H-1B visa program to bring in employees from abroad.  ",1
6380,Tillerson says China should be barred from South China Sea islands,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump’s nominee for secretary of state has set a course for a potentially serious confrontation with Beijing, saying China should be denied access to islands it has built in the contested South China Sea. In comments expected to enrage Beijing, Rex Tillerson told his confirmation hearing on Wednesday before the U.S. Senate Foreign Relations Committee that China’s building of islands and putting military assets on those islands was “akin to Russia’s taking Crimea” from Ukraine. Asked whether he supported a more aggressive posture toward China, he said: “We’re going to have to send China a clear signal that, first, the island-building stops and, second, your access to those islands also is not going to be allowed.” The former Exxon Mobil Corp (XOM.N) chairman and chief executive did not elaborate on what might be done to deny China access to the islands it has built up from South China Sea reefs, equipped with military-length airstrips and fortified with weapons.  Trump’s transition team did not immediately respond to a request for specifics on how China might be blocked from the artificial islands. China claims most of the energy-rich waters through which about $5 trillion in ship-borne trade passes every year. Neighbors Brunei, Malaysia, the Philippines, Taiwan and Vietnam also have claims. When asked repeatedly about Tillerson’s comments on blocking access to islands, China’s foreign ministry spokesman Lu Kang said he couldn’t make any guesses as to what Tillerson was referring to and would not answer hypothetical questions. China’s right to carry out ‘normal activities’ in its sovereign territory in the South China Sea is ‘indisputable’, Lu said, speaking at a daily briefing on Thursday. He did not elaborate. Tillerson also said Washington needed to reaffirm its commitment to Taiwan, which Beijing regards as a renegade province, but stopped short of Trump’s questioning of Washington’s long-standing policy on the issue. The United States switched diplomatic recognition from Taiwan to China in 1979, acknowledging that China takes the position that there is “one China” and Taiwan is part of it. But the United States is also Taiwan’s biggest ally and arms supplier. “I don’t know of any plans to alter the ‘one China’ position,” Tillerson said. Tillerson said he considered China’s South China Sea activity “extremely worrisome” and that it would be a threat to the “entire global economy” if Beijing were able to dictate access to the waterway. He blamed the current situation on what he termed an inadequate U.S. response. “The failure of a response has allowed them just to keep pushing the envelope on this,” Tillerson said. “The way we’ve got to deal with this is we’ve got to show back up in the region with our traditional allies in Southeast Asia,” he said. Democratic President Barack Obama’s administration conducted periodic air and naval patrols to assert the right of free navigation in the South China Sea. These have angered Beijing, but seeking to blockade China’s man-made islands would be a major step further and a step that Washington has never raised as an option.  Under his strategic “pivot” to Asia, Obama has increased the U.S. military presence in the region, and Trump has vowed a major naval buildup. Tillerson’s words also went beyond Trump’s own tough rhetoric on China. Regional military sources said while the U.S. navy had extensive capabilities in Asia to stage blocking operations with ships, submarines and planes, any such move against China’s growing naval fleets would risk dangerous escalations. Obama has sought to forge a united front in Southeast Asia against China’s pursuit of its territorial claims, but some allies and partners who are rival claimants have been reluctant to challenge Beijing. Tillerson called China’s South China Sea island-building and declaration of an air defense zone in the East China Sea it contests with Japan “illegal actions.” “They’re taking territory or control, or declaring control of territories that are not rightfully China’s,” he said. The response was muted from the Philippines, a traditional U.S. ally that last year won an international arbitration case that included a challenge to China’s island-building within its 200 nautical mile exclusive economic zone. “These are not policies yet and let us wait if they will implement what was said in the hearing,” Defense Secretary Delfin Lorenzana told reporters on Thursday. “Let’s wait until Trump is in office.” His comments reflect the sharp change in Manila’s approach to China under new President Rodrigo Duterte, who wants good diplomatic and business ties with Beijing and says challenging it is provocative and pointless. He makes no secret of his lack of trust in the Obama administration and has chided it for what he considers inaction in the South China Sea. Tillerson also said the United States could not continue to accept “empty promises” China had made about putting pressure on North Korea over that country’s nuclear and missile programs. He said his approach to dealing with North Korea - which recently declared it is close to carrying out its first test of an intercontinental ballistic missile - would be “a long-term plan” based on sanctions and their proper implementation. Asked if Washington should consider imposing “secondary sanctions” on Chinese entities found to be violating existing sanctions on North Korea, Tillerson said: “If China is not going to comply with those U.N. sanctions, then it’s appropriate ... for the United States to consider actions to compel them to comply.” He accused China of failing to live up to global agreements on trade and intellectual property, echoing past remarks by Trump, who has threatened to impose high, retaliatory tariffs on China. But Tillerson also stressed the “deeply intertwined” nature of the world’s two biggest economies. “We should not let disagreements over other issues exclude areas for productive partnership,” he said. ",1
6381,"As Trump meets biotech CEOs, farm advisers fret over empty USDA spot","CHICAGO (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump has left the agriculture secretary as the last department head to be named to his Cabinet, while a meeting with the chief executives of two agribusiness giants gave a hint at a roster of farm issues the incoming president will face.     Trump met on Wednesday with the leaders of Monsanto Co (MON.N) and Bayer AG (BAYGn.DE), who pitched the benefits of their proposed $66 billion merger. While critical of other large tie-ups, Trump has not publicly taken a stance on the Bayer-Monsanto deal. The secretary of the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) will not approve or reject the merger but will face the issue of industry consolidation. Dow Chemical Co DOW.N has proposed to merge with DuPont DD.N, and China National Chemical Corp (ChemChina) [CNNCC.UL] is seeking to acquire Syngenta AG SYNN.S.      Trade, environmental regulation and the 2018 federal farm bill are also expected to be at the top of the farm agenda once Trump takes office Jan. 20, according members of an agricultural advisory committee he formed during the campaign.     How Trump responds on those issues - and who he picks to lead the USDA - could determine whether he is able to maintain the strong rural support he demonstrated in the Nov. 8 election. Some committee members told Reuters they have had meetings with Trump and his advisers, and have suggested possible nominees to help define the type of person who should lead the department. Former Georgia Governor Sonny Perdue is Trump’s leading candidate to run the department, a senior Trump transition team official said last week. Trump has also met with Elsa Murano, undersecretary of agriculture for food safety under President George W. Bush, and Chuck Conner, head of the National Council of Farmer Cooperatives. He has also talked with Abel Maldonado, former lieutenant governor of California and co-owner of Runway Vineyards; Tim Huelskamp, former Republican U.S. representative from Kansas; and Sid Miller, Texas agriculture commissioner. Trump’s committee wants someone who is familiar with day-to-day farm life, can open up new markets for trade and will pressure federal regulators to ease environmental restrictions, according to a dozen committee members interviewed by Reuters. “The sooner we have someone in place (as Agriculture Secretary), the better,” said Mike Strain, Louisiana’s commissioner of agriculture and forestry, and part of Trump’s agricultural advisory committee. A.G. Kawamura, a former California agriculture secretary who is on the committee, said discussions within Trump’s transition team were “free and flowing” about who should head the agency.  The USDA is made up of 29 agencies and offices that perform jobs ranging from agricultural research to working with foreign governments to facilitate trade. “Generally, the country knows who the proposed cabinet is going to be before Inauguration Day. But if I’ve learned anything this past year, it’s that you can’t make assumptions about what will happen,” he said.     John Block, an Illinois corn, soybean and hog producer who served as USDA secretary under President Ronald Reagan, is certain Trump will make the right choice. “We like to think we’ll see a conclusion soon, so we can look to the future,” he said. “But we have plenty of confidence in Trump, and we’re hanging in there.” One key trait some are looking for: someone to stand up for farmers amid a flurry of merger deals, such as the Bayer-Monsanto tie-up. But even members of Trump’s own agricultural advisory committee disagree about the deal’s merits. Bayer CEO Werner Baumann and Monsanto CEO Hugh Grant had a “productive meeting with President-elect Trump and his team to share their views on the future of the agriculture industry and its need for innovation,” according to a statement issued by both companies.  Bill Northey, Iowa’s agriculture secretary and a member of Trump’s agricultural advisory team, said he believed the president-elect was paying attention to the Monsanto-Bayer merger because rural voters supported him in the election. He said it was possible that parts of the deal might be “beneficial and pieces of it would be detrimental.” ",1
6382,U.S. states mull contraception coverage as Obamacare repeal looms,"(Reuters) - Growing numbers of U.S. states are seeking to ensure that women have continued access to free birth control in case the insurance benefit is dropped as part of President-elect Donald Trump’s vow to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act. The 2010 law, popularly called Obamacare, requires most health insurance plans to provide coverage for birth control without a patient co-payment, which can be as much as $50 per month for birth control pills or $1,000 for long-acting contraceptives such as intrauterine devices. California, Maryland, Vermont and Illinois since 2014 have enacted statutes codifying the Affordable Care Act’s contraception mandate in state law and expanding on the federal law’s requirements. Democratic lawmakers in New York, Minnesota, Colorado and Massachusetts said they are pursuing similar measures this year, with Obamacare under mortal threat in Washington. New York’s Democratic attorney general, Eric Schneiderman, on Wednesday introduced such a measure in his state’s legislature that would expand on the Obamacare contraception mandate. “Women across New York are very concerned that Republican efforts to repeal the ACA will mean the loss of the contraception on which they rely,” Schneiderman said. “I won’t hesitate to act to protect New Yorkers’ rights - including the right to choose, and the right to birth control - no matter what a Trump administration does,” Schneiderman added, referring to abortion rights. Trump, who succeeds Democratic President Barack Obama on Jan. 20, and his fellow Republicans in Congress have made dismantling Obamacare their “first order of business,” as Vice President-elect Mike Pence put it on Jan. 4. [nL1N1EU0RW] Republicans in Congress have not presented a detailed proposal for repealing and replacing the law but many Republicans and religious conservatives have opposed the Obamacare contraception mandate. [nL1N1EU0RW] Twenty-eight of the 50 states currently have laws requiring private insurers to provide coverage for birth control. But not all the laws affect all insurance plans, and only a few mandate cost-free birth control. OUT-OF-POCKET EXPENSES The Obamacare contraception mandate has applied since 2012 to most new insurance plans including employer-provided coverage. In 2013, for example, the mandate saved U.S. women more than $1.4 billion in out-of-pocket expenses for birth control pills, according to a report by University of Pennsylvania researchers. Almost 6.9 million privately insured U.S. women used the pill that year. The legislative move by some states, most of them Democratic governed, is designed to clear up uncertainty for some of the 55 million women who now have access to free contraceptives and related treatments under the Affordable Care Act. Conservatives also have chipped away at the Obamacare mandate in court. The U.S. Supreme Court ruled in 2014 that forcing family-owned businesses to pay for employee insurance coverage for birth control ran afoul of another federal law safeguarding religious freedom. The Supreme Court last May sent another legal challenge by nonprofit Christian employers back to lower courts to reconsider the matter after tossing out their rulings favoring the Obama administration. [nL2N18D0PL] “I think it is even more important now,” said Colorado state Representative Susan Lontine, who last year co-sponsored a contraception coverage bill in her state’s legislature that did not get passed but she expects to be resurrected in 2017. “We don’t know what will happen on the federal level.” California in 2014 became the first state to pass a contraception mandate that went further than the Obamacare language. Maryland, Vermont and Illinois last year passed laws that also eliminated co-pays for vasectomies and allowed women to fill a birth control prescription for at least six months rather than one to three.  The New York legislation would allow women to fill multiple months of a birth control prescription, prohibit private insurers from “medical management” reviews that could limit or delay contraception coverage, and provide coverage for vasectomies without a co-pay. Within a matter of months, the Trump administration even without congressional action could drop contraception from Obamacare’s list of preventive services that health insurance plans must cover without out-of-pocket costs, said Laurie Sobel, senior policy analyst at the nonprofit Kaiser Family Foundation. If repealed, some employers might choose to maintain the coverage without a co-pay because it is a relatively inexpensive benefit popular with employees. The proportion of privately insured women who paid nothing out of pocket for birth control pills increased from 15 percent in the fall of 2012 to 67 percent in the spring of 2014 during the time when the coverage went into wide effect, according to the Guttmacher Institute research organization. The no-cost contraceptives coverage also spurred women to switch to long-acting methods such as the IUD, which is offered in the United States by Bayer, Teva, Allergan and Medicines360, studies have found. More than 77 percent of women and 64 percent of men support the no-cost contraceptives coverage, according to a 2015 Washington Post/Kaiser Family Foundation survey. ",1
6383,"With new leverage, NYC's Stringer could reshape boardrooms","BOSTON (Reuters) - U.S. public pension funds normally prefer a backseat role in overseeing the future of companies where they have billions of dollars invested. But a new effort by New York City Comptroller Scott Stringer could show how public sector finance officials might become more involved by putting forward their own candidates for boards of directors. It could also mean another shake-up for corporations still learning how to deal with election contests brought by big activist investors like Carl Icahn or Nelson Peltz.     With New York City having the fourth-largest U.S. public pension system with some $170 billion in assets, Stringer has led the charge on bylaw changes known as “proxy access” under which hundreds of U.S. companies have made it easier for groups of shareholders to run their own candidates for corporate boards.  Now aides to Stringer say they may take their efforts another step and start suggesting specific board candidates at companies whose shares New York City pension funds own — which could include nearly any firm in the S&P 500. Goals would include making boardrooms more diverse or accountable for poor performance. While the comptroller’s office still prefers quiet talks, the new rules will give activists more leverage in those rare cases when corporate directors will not budge, said Michael Garland, an assistant comptroller. “We’re committed to being able to have a discussion about a particular nominee. We have the firepower to do that,” Garland said in a telephone interview on Wednesday. Garland and Rhonda Brauer, recently named as Stringer’s director of corporate engagement, declined to name any companies where they might suggest such nominations soon. By Stringer’s count more than 300 U.S. companies, including about half the S&P 500, have adopted rules to open up the nominating process, including Apple Inc (AAPL.O) and Exxon Mobil Corp (XOM.N). Exxon is under pressure to add a climate expert to the oil company’s board.     Still, even talk of specific directors brings the New York City funds into new territory as other big public pension managers have preferred a secondary role.  The California Public Employees’ Retirement System, the nation’s largest public pension system, and the Florida State Board of Administration have been vocal about issues like board diversity and voting rights but representatives of each said they are not currently pursuing nominations.  According to a December study by FactSet, companies won board seat proxy contests 67 percent of the time in 2016, up from 54 percent in 2015.  Jill Fisch, a University of Pennsylvania law professor who follows corporate governance, said investors have wondered if pension funds might use proxy access like big hedge funds to push their own candidates - and if so, whether their nominees would be successful. “I can imagine that being really effective, or a real disaster,” she said.     ",1
6384,"Kremlin says hopes Putin and Trump will get along, disagrees with Tillerson","MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Kremlin said on Thursday it hoped President Vladimir Putin and President-elect Donald Trump would get along and that there would be more mutual respect in U.S.-Russia relations than there was under the Obama administration. Addressing reporters on a conference call, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov was responding to questions about how the Kremlin assessed Trump’s news conference on Wednesday. “Moscow is genuinely hoping that our presidents will get along,” said Peskov.  “At least Trump has spoken of his readiness for dialogue. This doesn’t mean there’s a readiness to agree about everything with each other. That is hardly possible and Moscow isn’t expecting that, but dialogue is grounds for hope and could help us find a way out of many complex situations.” Peskov said however that the Kremlin did not agree with views on Crimea expressed by Secretary of State nominee Rex Tillerson on Wednesday, who said Moscow’s 2014 annexation of the Ukrainian peninsula was illegal. ",1
6385,Trump accuses U.S. spy agencies of Nazi practices over 'phony' Russia dossier,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump escalated a fight with U.S. spy agencies on Wednesday, just nine days before he takes over their command as president, and accused them of practices reminiscent of Nazi Germany. The Republican said leaks from the intelligence community led to some U.S. media outlets reporting unsubstantiated claims that he was caught in a compromising position in Russia. “I think it was disgraceful, disgraceful that the intelligence agencies allowed any information that turned out to be so false and fake out. I think it’s a disgrace, and I say that ... that’s something that Nazi Germany would have done and did do,” Trump told a news conference in New York. Trump acknowledged for the first time that Russia likely hacked the Democratic National Committee and the emails of top Democrats during the 2016 presidential election. “I think it was Russia,” he said, pointing out that other countries were also hacking the United States.         Trump’s comments about spy agencies such as the CIA are likely to intensify tensions between the intelligence community and the president-elect, who initially disparaged its conclusion that a Russian hacking campaign was aimed at boosting his candidacy against Democrat Hillary Clinton.     Trump, who takes office on Jan. 20, called a dossier that makes salacious claims about him in Russia “fake news” and “phony stuff.”  U.S. Director of National Intelligence James Clapper said he spoke with Trump on Wednesday evening and told the president-elect he did not believe the media leaks came from the intelligence community. “I expressed my profound dismay at the leaks that have been appearing in the press, and we both agreed that they are extremely corrosive and damaging to our national security,” Clapper said in a statement. He defended including the dossier in the intelligence report Trump received on Friday, saying “part of our obligation is to ensure that policymakers are provided with the fullest possible picture of any matters that might affect national security.” Clapper said he emphasized to Trump that the dossier was not produced by the U.S. intelligence community and intelligence officials have not judged whether the information is reliable. Two U.S. officials said the allegations about Trump, which one called “unsubstantiated,” were contained in a two-page memo appended to a report on Russian interference in the 2016 election that was presented last week to Trump and to President Barack Obama.     Trump said, without offering evidence, that the news he had been briefed on the memo “was released by maybe the (U.S.) intelligence agencies. Who knows? But maybe the intelligence agencies which would be a tremendous blot on their record if they in fact did that.”                  CNN reported on Tuesday about the existence of the memo. BuzzFeed published a fuller 35-page document produced by Christopher Steele, a former British foreign intelligence official, that outlined the allegations of compromising behavior by Trump and alleged links between him and people in Russia.     The claims were included in opposition research reports that were made available to Democrats and U.S. officials last year. One U.S. official said investigators had so far been unable to confirm material about Trump’s financial and personal entanglements with Russian businessmen and others whom U.S. intelligence analysts have concluded are Russian intelligence officers or working on behalf of Russian intelligence. Some material in Steele’s reports has proved to be erroneous, the U.S. official said.         In the news conference, Trump declined to answer whether anyone connected to him or the campaign had contact with Moscow during the presidential campaign, and said he had no loans or business deals with Russia.   He defended his goal of better ties with Russian President Vladimir Putin. “If Putin likes Donald Trump, I consider that an asset, not a liability,” he said.   The New York real estate developer complained about leaks from meetings he has with intelligence agencies and suggested they were to blame.      “I have many meetings with intelligence. And every time I meet, people are reading about it. Somebody’s leaking it out,” he said. The long-awaited news conference was a freewheeling affair, with Trump aides cheering from the sidelines at one point and the president-elect angrily refusing to take questions from a CNN reporter. Outside, about a dozen protesters gathered behind a police barricade across the street from Trump Tower, holding signs with the slogans “Dump Trump” and “Allegiance To America Not Russia” as Fifth Avenue traffic streamed by.         It was Trump’s first news conference in about six months and about 250 reporters jammed into the lobby at his Manhattan offices.    Questions extended to many issues that will face him when he takes office. He vowed to soon begin negotiations with Mexico on building a border wall and said he will nominate a Supreme Court justice to fill the seat left by the death of conservative Antonin Scalia within two weeks of taking office. He also said he would offer a plan to repeal and replace Obama’s signature health care law once his choice for health and human services, Tom Price, is confirmed by the Senate. Trump gestured to large stacks of manila folders as he described how he will separate himself from his global business operations, which includes hotels and golf courses as well as assets like a winery and modeling agency, to avoid conflicts of interest once he takes office. He also talked about how he plans to bring manufacturing jobs back from overseas plants, slamming drug companies for “getting away with murder” on pricing. U.S. stocks slipped to session lows, before recovering ground, as healthcare stocks took a beating following Trump’s comments on drug pricing. ",1
6386,U.S. intelligence chief Clapper says spoke with Trump about media leaks,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Director of National Intelligence James Clapper said he spoke with President-elect Donald Trump on Wednesday evening to discuss media leaks of a classified intelligence briefing on Russian hacking that Trump received last Friday. Clapper said in a statement that he does not believe the U.S. intelligence community leaked a private security document alleging Russian intelligence operatives have compromising information on Trump. “I emphasized that this document is not a U.S. Intelligence Community product and that I do not believe the leaks came from within the IC,” Clapper said.   ",1
6387,"Obama pushes values and prods Trump in final, emotional address"," (The story refiles, to fix quote in 14th paragraph to read “middle-aged white guy,” not “middle-aged white man”; read “has seen his world,” not “who’s seen his world”; add dropped word “and”) By Jeff Mason CHICAGO (Reuters) - With a final call of his campaign mantra “Yes We Can,” President Barack Obama urged Americans on Tuesday to stand up for U.S. values and reject discrimination as the United States transitions to the presidency of Republican Donald Trump. In an emotional speech in which he thanked his family and declared his time as president the honor of his life, Obama gently prodded the public to embrace his vision of progress while repudiating some of the policies that Trump promoted during his campaign for the White House. “So just as we, as citizens, must remain vigilant against external aggression, we must guard against a weakening of the values that make us who we are,” Obama told a crowd of 18,000 in his hometown of Chicago, where he celebrated his election in 2008 as the first black president of the United States. Trump, who takes office on Jan. 20, proposed temporarily banning Muslims from entering the country, building a wall on the border with Mexico, upending a global deal to fight climate change and dismantling Obama’s healthcare reform law. Obama made clear his opposition to those positions during fiery campaign speeches for 2016 Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton, but has struck a more conciliatory tone with Trump since the election. In his farewell speech, he made clear his positions had not changed and he said his efforts to end the use of torture and close the U.S. prison in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, were part of a broader move to uphold U.S. values. “That’s why I reject discrimination against Muslim Americans,” he said in a clear reference to Trump that drew applause. He said bold action was needed to fight global warming and said “science and reason” mattered. “If anyone can put together a plan that is demonstrably better than the improvements we’ve made to our healthcare system that covers as many people at less cost, I will publicly support it,” he said in another prodding challenge to his successor. Trump has urged the Republican-controlled Congress to repeal the law right away. Obama, who came to office amid high expectations that his election would heal historic racial divides, acknowledged that was an impossible goal. “After my election, there was talk of a post-racial America,” he said. “Such a vision, however well-intended, was never realistic. Race remains a potent and often divisive force in our society.” However, Obama said he remained hopeful about the work that a younger generation would do. “Yes we can,” he said. “Yes we did.” In an indirect reference to the political work the Democratic Party will have to do to recover after Clinton’s loss, Obama urged racial minorities to seek justice not only for themselves but also for “the middle-aged white guy who from the outside may seem like he’s got advantages, but has seen his world upended by economic and cultural and technological change.” Trump won his election in part by appealing to working-class white men. First Lady Michelle Obama, Vice President Joe Biden, his wife Jill Biden, and many current and former White House staff members and campaign workers attended the speech. Obama wiped his eyes as he addressed his wife and thanked his running mate. They all appeared together on stage after the address. The Chicago visit is Obama’s last scheduled trip as president, and even the final flight on the presidential aircraft was tinged with wistfulness.  It was the president’s 445th “mission” on Air Force One, a perk he has said he will miss when he leaves office, White House spokesman Josh Earnest said. All told, Obama will have spent more than 2,800 hours or 116 days on the plane during his presidency. Obama plans to remain in Washington for the next two years while his younger daughter, Sasha, finishes high school. Sasha, who has an exam on Wednesday, did not attend the speech but her older sister Malia was there. The president has indicated he wants to give Trump the same space that his predecessor, Republican President George W. Bush, gave Obama after leaving office by not maintaining a high public profile. ",1
6388,Trump recommits to 'major border tax' on foreign-produced U.S. products,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump on Wednesday promised a “major border tax” on companies that shift jobs outside the United States, further pressuring American businesses days after Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV (FCHA.MI) (FCAU.N) said heavy tariffs could force the company to shutter Mexican plants. Since the Nov. 8 election, Trump has taken to Twitter to call out by name a number of manufacturers with both planned and existing operations outside of the country. On Wednesday, he returned to the issue in his first news conference since the election. Trump, who will be sworn into office on Jan. 20, warned of a “very large border tax” on companies that shift production to foreign countries. “You want to move your plant, and you think, as an example, you’re going to build that plant in Mexico, and you’re going to make your air conditioners or your cars, or whatever you’re making, and you’re going to sell them through what will be a very, very strong border ... Not going to happen. You’re going to pay a very large border tax,” he warned.       U.S. automakers in particular have felt the brunt of Trump’s ire, as he has called for the industry to return to former manufacturing hubs in the American Midwest from Mexico, which accounts for a fifth of all vehicle production in North America and has attracted more than $24 billion in auto investment since 2010, according to the Ann Arbor, Michigan-based Center for Automotive Research.     Trump thanked Fiat Chrysler and Ford Motor Co (F.N) for announcements in the past week of investments in Midwestern plants. He added that he hoped General Motors Co (GM.N), the No. 1 American automaker, would take similar steps to expand U.S. operations. On Monday, Fiat Chrysler Chief Executive Sergio Marchionne said, “It’s possible, if the economic terms imposed by the U.S. administration on anything that comes into the United States that, if they’re sufficiently large, that it would make the production of anything in Mexico uneconomical. “We would have to withdraw,” Marchionne said. “It is quite possible.” Trump also reiterated his criticism of Lockheed Martin Corp’s (LMT.N) F-35 fighter jet program, saying it was “way, way behind schedule and many, many billions of dollars over budget.” After the news conference, Lockheed Martin said in a statement read on CNBC, “We understand President-elect Trump’s concerns about the F-35 program and we’ve given him our full commitment to drive down cost aggressively.” In its annual State of the American Business Address on Wednesday morning, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, which traditionally has worked in concert with the Republican Party, urged Trump not to add to the “burdens” of exporters by erecting barriers to trade that could hamper economic growth. ",1
6389,Trump news conference sets worldwide social media afire,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - In his first news conference since the Nov. 8 election, President-elect Donald Trump set social media ablaze on Wednesday with remarks including harsh criticism of the press and a defense of his goal to improve ties with Russia. The session, held in the lobby of his Trump Tower headquarters in Manhattan, featured a number of viral moments, like an exchange with a reporter whom Trump accused of peddling “fake news.” “I’m not going to give you a question,” Trump told the journalist from CNN, which reported on Tuesday that the Republican president-elect had been briefed by U.S. intelligence agencies about allegations that Russian operatives had compromising information about him. “You are fake news!” he told the reporter in a moment that reverberated on Twitter. Trump’s comment that reporters were “the only ones who care” about whether he released his tax returns stirred up 165,000 tweets during the session. Social media users asked others to “retweet if you’re not a reporter and still care about seeing Trump’s tax returns.” In Russia, the hashtag #TrumpPressConference was a top-trending topic during the news conference and for several hours afterward.  “If Putin likes Donald Trump, I consider that an asset, not a liability because we have a horrible relationship with Russia,” Trump, who takes office on Jan. 20, said in reference to the Russian president. “I don’t know that I’m going to get along with Vladimir Putin. I hope I do. But there’s a good chance I won’t,” Trump said, prompting thousands of tweets from people in Russia. U.S. intelligence agencies have said Russia was behind a hacking campaign aimed at boosting Trump’s presidential candidacy against Democrat Hillary Clinton. There were some 80,000 tweets worldwide stamped with the #TrumpPressConference tag during the hour-long session with about 250 reporters. Twitter sentiment regarding Trump during the event was 14 percent positive, 63 percent neutral and 23 percent negative, according to global digital marketing technology company Amobee. Also stirring Twitter reaction were Trump’s comments about the wall he has pledged to build on the U.S.-Mexican border and to have Mexico pay for. He said he would not wait for negotiations with Mexico before beginning construction, but added: “Mexico in some form ... will reimburse us.” In response, former Mexican President Vicente Fox tweeted: “Neither today, nor tomorrow nor never Mexico will pay for that stupid wall.”  ",1
6390,Secretary of State nominee Tillerson veers from Trump on key issues,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Secretary of State nominee Rex Tillerson expressed views on Wednesday at odds with President-elect Donald Trump’s positions on key foreign policy issues like nuclear proliferation, trade deals, climate change and relations with Mexico. In a nine-hour Senate confirmation hearing, the former chief executive of oil company Exxon Mobil said he favored maintaining U.S. sanctions against Russia for now and that NATO allies were right to be alarmed by Moscow’s growing aggression. Russia dominated much of the hearing because of concerns by Democrats and Republicans over Moscow’s interference in the U.S. presidential election and its 2014 annexation of Crimea from Ukraine and involvement in the Syrian civil war. Questions soon moved to the threat posed by Islamic State, China’s behavior in the South China Sea, human rights and Tillerson’s ability to make a clean break from a career at Exxon Mobil to become America’s top diplomat. Tillerson said his differences with Trump on some major  issues would not necessarily put him at loggerheads with the White House.  He said everyone in Trump’s Cabinet would have the chance to discuss issues “and the president will decide.” He described himself as open and transparent. In a stark departure from Trump, Tillerson said it would not be acceptable for some U.S. allies to acquire nuclear weapons. He also did not see the need for a Muslim registry, saying he did not support targeting any particular group. Asked by Democratic Senator Edward Markey about Trump’s comments in interviews he would not oppose U.S. allies including Japan obtaining nuclear weapons, Tillerson replied: “I do not agree.” Tillerson said he did not oppose the Trans Pacific Partnership trade deal, which Trump has criticized, but acknowledged the negotiated deal may not serve all U.S. interests. Tillerson, however, left room for broad reversals or changes to Obama administration policies, in line with Trump’s positions, including trade with Cuba and the Iran nuclear deal, which he said ought to undergo a full review. The hearing before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee was interrupted sporadically by protesters. Tillerson, 64, is expected to be confirmed by the Republican-controlled Senate. Senators have expressed concern about Tillerson’s ties to Russia while at Exxon Mobil and Trump’s desire to improve relations with Moscow. Tillerson refused to call Russian President Vladimir Putin a war criminal and kept the door open to a possible change in U.S. sanctions policy against Russia, saying he had not seen classified information on Russian meddling. “I would leave things in the status quo so we are able to convey this can go either way,” Tillerson said, suggesting “open and frank” dialogue with Moscow to better understand its intentions. He blamed Russia’s aggression toward Ukraine since 2014 on an “absence of American leadership” and said the United States should have taken stronger actions to deter Russia. “I’m advocating for responses that will deter and prevent further expansion of a bad actor’s behavior,” he said. Tillerson said it was a “fair assumption” Putin was aware of Russian efforts to interfere in the U.S. election. He said he had not discussed Russia policy with Trump, which Democratic Senator Robert Menendez said was “pretty amazing.” In a tense exchange, Republican Senator Marco Rubio pushed Tillerson on whether he believed Putin was a war criminal, in reference to Russia’s military actions in support of Syria’s government. “I would not use that term,” Tillerson said, adding: “Those are very, very serious charges to make and I would want to have much more information before reaching a conclusion.” Rubio, who ran against Trump for the Republican presidential nomination, shot back: “There’s so much information out there. It should not be hard to say that Vladimir Putin’s military has conducted war crimes in Aleppo,” referring to the Syrian city recently retaken by government forces backed by Russia.  He added: “I find it discouraging, your inability to cite that which I think is globally accepted.” Tillerson sidestepped questions on human rights, declining to condemn countries like Saudi Arabia and the Philippines for rights abuses, saying he wanted to see the facts first. Rubio told reporters later that he was unsure he could vote for Tillerson. As one of 11 Republicans on the 21-member panel, his support is key to Tillerson winning the committee’s backing.  Tillerson said he would recommend a “full review” of the nuclear deal with Iran reached with the United States and world powers. He did not call for an outright rejection of the 2015 accord in which Tehran agreed to curtail its nuclear program in exchange for relief from crippling economic sanctions. Trump has made contradictory statements about the deal and has threatened to dismantle it. Tillerson said China should be denied access to islands it had built in the contested South China Sea. He added his approach to dealing with North Korea, which recently said it was close to carrying out its first test of an intercontinental ballistic missile, would be “a long-term plan” based on sanctions and their proper implementation. Asked if he could make unbiased decisions after his time at Exxon Mobil, the world’s largest publicly traded oil producer, he said he would act in America’s interests. Tillerson dodged a direct question on whether he believed climate change was caused by human activity. “The risk of climate change does exist and the consequences of it could be serious enough that action should be taken,” he said, adding the ability to predict the effect of greenhouse gas was “very limited.”  Trump has called global warming a hoax perpetrated by China and has threatened to quit the Paris climate accord, a global agreement to curb emissions. Tillerson called Mexico “a long-standing neighbor and friend of this country.” Trump has said he will build a wall on the Mexican border, and in his 2015 presidential announcement speech described Mexican migrants to the United States as drug-runners and rapists. Tillerson’s responses were calm and measured, without any obvious reliance on notes.  He opposed U.S. sanctions against Russia in 2014 over its annexation of Crimea from Ukraine because he said he thought they would be ineffective. On Wednesday, he said he never personally lobbied against sanctions and emphasized that he was not aware of Exxon Mobil directly doing so. Tillerson later acknowledged he spoke to U.S. Treasury Secretary Jack Lew regarding gaps between American and European sanctions on Russia. Democratic Senator Chris Murphy vigorously challenged Tillerson on the issue, saying he called a U.S. senator to express concerns over the measures, which “likely constitutes lobbying.” Exxon lobbied Congress regarding sanctions against Russia following the annexation of Crimea. The lobbying directly related to energy matters, according to regulatory filings. ",1
6391,Republicans pass sweeping bill to reform 'abusive' U.S. regulation,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republicans on Wednesday passed a bill in the House of Representatives that touched on nearly every step U.S. agencies take in creating and applying new rules, continuing their blitz to radically reform “abusive” federal regulation of areas from the environment to the workplace. In a 238-183 vote, the House passed the “Regulatory Accountability Act,” which combined eight bills aimed at changing how the vast government bureaucracy runs. Only five Democrats voted for it. The legislation would give President-elect Donald Trump tools “to wipe out abusive regulation,” said Bob Goodlatte, the Judiciary Committee chairman who is among the many House leaders calling for lighter regulation and saying the costs to comply with federal rules are too high. Republicans say there is little accountability for regulations that apply to almost every aspect of American life because they are created by appointed officials and not elected representatives. Federal agencies operate either independently or under the president’s authority.  The current reform push is part of Trump’s campaign promise to “drain the swamp,” House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy said on Wednesday. As House Republicans push for reform - last week they passed bills requiring Congressional approval of major rules and giving Congress power to kill dozens of recently enacted ones - Democrats are fighting back. Democrats have said the many extra procedures required by the reform bills would stall agencies’ work, making it impossible to create needed regulations on the environment, financial markets and other areas. Democrats contend that slowing down rulemaking is intended to help big businesses escape oversight. The accountability act would jeopardize the government’s capability “to safeguard public health and safety, the environment, workplace safety and consumer financial protections,” the Judiciary Committee’s senior Democrat, John Conyers, said before the vote.   “Worse yet, many of these new requirements are intended to facilitate the ability of regulated entities - such as well-funded corporate interests - to intervene and derail regulatory protections they oppose,” Conyers said. Specifically, the bill would require agencies to post more detailed information on proposals for an extended period of time, limit judge’s interpretations in legal challenges, and require agencies to enact the lowest-cost version of a rule.  The House is expected to vote on Thursday on changes to the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, the major securities and derivatives regulators.  Still, none of these bills may become law, as Democrats hold enough seats in the Senate to filibuster. ",1
6392,Corker says he expects Senate to confirm Tillerson as secretary of state,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Bob Corker said on Wednesday he expects the Senate will confirm Rex Tillerson, President-elect Donald Trump’s nominee to be secretary of state. Corker’s comments came after the close of an approximately nine-hour hearing in which senators vigorously questioned Tillerson on his views on Russia, sanctions, climate change and other issues, including China. “I feel good about his confirmation,” Corker told reporters. “I’m going to support his confirmation.” Corker said he felt Tillerson had acquitted himself well in addressing senators’ concerns about his relationship with Russia, although Corker acknowledged that members still had questions. He said he expected Tillerson would spend Thursday answering further questions and talking to more senators. ",1
6393,"Trump says pharma 'getting away with murder,' stocks slide","NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump on Wednesday said pharmaceutical companies are “getting away with murder” in what they charge the government for medicines, and promised that would change, sending drugs stocks sharply lower. The benchmark S&P 500 index .SPX slipped into negative territory after his remarks at a news conference spooked investors. The iShares Nasdaq Biotech ETF (IBB.O) dropped 4 percent at its session low and ended down 3 percent, its largest daily percentage drop in three months. “When the president-elect says we’re going to negotiate drug pricing, you have to take that seriously, but at the same this is a complicated issue because there’s not going to be clarity on drug pricing reform anytime soon,” said Brad Loncar, manager of the Loncar Cancer Immunotherapy ETF (CNCR.O). “When somebody that high profile says something that negative, people do not want to invest in it.” Trump has blasted other industries for charging the government too much, particularly defense companies, but has made only a few public statements about drug pricing since being elected. He briefly mentioned Lockheed Martin Corp (LMT.N), Ford Motor Co (F.N), and United Technologies Corp (UTX.N) during the news conference and promised a border tax for companies producing products for U.S. consumers outside the United States. Back in May, then-candidate Trump said Amazon (AMZN.O) was also “getting away with murder,” referring to taxes in that case. The stock fell as much as 4 percent in the next few days but is up almost 12 percent since Trump’s remark. After his promise to bring down drug spending, the ARCA pharmaceutical index gave up as much as 2.6 percent and ended the day down 1.7 percent. The drug industry has been on edge for two years about the potential for more government pressure on pricing after sharp increases in the costs of some life-saving drugs drew scrutiny in the press and among lawmakers. The government is investigating Medicaid and Medicare overspending on Mylan NV’s (MYL.O) allergy treatment EpiPen, for instance. David Katz, chief investment officer at Matrix Asset Advisors in New York, said negative comments on drug pricing trigger selling both from algorithms and investors who suffered from share drops when Democrat Hillary Clinton campaigned against healthcare cost increases. Trump’s campaign platform included allowing the Medicare healthcare program to negotiate with pharmaceutical companies, which the law currently prohibits. He has also discussed making it easier to import drugs at cheaper prices. “We are going to start bidding. We are going to save billions of dollars over time,” Trump said. Medicare, which covers more than 55 million elderly or disabled Americans, spent $325 billion on medicines in 2015. Industry trade group Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America, or PhRMA President Stephen Ubl said “Medicines are purchased in a competitive marketplace where large, sophisticated purchasers aggressively negotiate lower prices.”  He said the industry is “committed to working with President-elect Trump and Congress to improve American competitiveness and protect American jobs.”  Roche Pharmaceuticals CEO Daniel O’Day said in an interview at a JPMorgan conference in San Francisco that Roche Holding AG (ROG.S) focuses on innovation and investing in research. Price increases over the past several years have been “responsible” and in the range of low to mid single digits, he said. At the same conference, Mylan CEO Heather Bresch said it was premature to respond to Trump’s comments, when she was asked during an investor presentation. She said the industry should look again at how healthcare is set up as the government repeals the Affordable Care Act.  Trump said he plans to repeal the Affordable Care Act, or Obamacare, and replace it at about the same time. The news helped shares of hospitals, which are nervous about losing government payments for medical services. It hurt some health insurers, like Anthem Inc (ANTM.N), which sell plans on the government-run health insurance exchanges. Healthcare ETFs including the Health Care Select Sector SPDR Fund (XLV) (XLV.P) and the IBB drew their highest trading volume since Nov. 10, in the wake of Trump’s election. Trading volume in XLV options jumped to 58,248 contracts, more than twice the average daily volume according to Reuters data. Healthcare sector stocks were the largest drag on the S&P 500 .SPX and the Nasdaq 100 .NDX. ",1
6394,Factbox: Trump fills top jobs for his administration,"(Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump on Wednesday announced he has chosen David Shulkin, who currently heads the Department of Veterans Affairs healthcare system, to head the agency. Here is a list of Republican Trump’s selections for top jobs in his administration.  NOTE: Senate confirmation is required for all the posts except national security adviser and White House posts. Tillerson, 64, has spent his entire career at Exxon Mobil Corp, where he rose to chairman and chief executive officer in 2006. A civil engineer by training, the Texan joined the world’s largest publicly traded energy company in 1975 and led several of its operations in the United States as well as in Yemen, Thailand and Russia. As Exxon’s chief executive, he maintained close ties with Moscow and opposed U.S. sanctions against Russia for its incursion into Crimea. Mnuchin, 54, is a successful private equity investor, hedge fund manager and Hollywood financier who spent 17 years at Goldman Sachs Group Inc before leaving the investment bank in 2002. He assembled an investor group to buy a failed California mortgage lender in 2009, rebranded it as OneWest Bank and built it into Southern California’s largest bank. Housing advocacy groups criticized OneWest for its foreclosure practices, accusing it of being too quick to foreclose on struggling homeowners. Mattis is a retired Marine general known for his tough talk, distrust of Iran and battlefield experience in Iraq and Afghanistan. A former leader of Central Command, which oversees U.S. military operations in the Middle East and South Asia, Mattis, 66, is known by many U.S. forces by his nickname, “Mad Dog.” He was rebuked in 2005 for saying: “It’s fun to shoot some people.” Sessions, 70, was the first U.S. senator to endorse Trump’s presidential bid and has been a close ally since. Son of a country store owner, the lawmaker from Alabama and former federal prosecutor has long taken a tough stance on illegal immigration, opposing any path to citizenship for undocumented immigrants. Coats, 73, served as U.S. senator from Indiana from 1989 to 1999 and again from 2011 to 2017, and was U.S. ambassador to Germany from 2001 to 2005. He previously served as U.S. representative from Indiana’s 4th Congressional District. Zinke, 55, a first-term Republican U.S. representative from Montana and a member of the House subcommittee on natural resources, has voted for legislation that would weaken environmental safeguards on public lands. He has taken stances favoring the coal industry, which suffered during the Obama administration. The League of Conservation Voters, which ranks lawmakers on their environmental record, gave Zinke an extremely low lifetime score of 3 percent. Ross, 79, heads the private equity firm WL Ross & Co. Forbes has pegged his net worth at about $2.9 billion. A staunch supporter of Trump, Ross helped shape the Trump campaign’s views on trade policy. He blames massive U.S. factory job losses on the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) with Canada and Mexico, which went into force in 1994, and the 2001 entry of China into the World Trade Organization.      Lighthizer, 69, served as deputy U.S. trade representative during the Reagan administration in the 1980s and has since spent nearly three decades as a lawyer representing U.S. companies in anti-dumping and anti-subsidy cases, currently with the law firm Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher and Flom. A harsh critic of China’s trade practices, Lighthizer in 2010 told Congress that U.S. policymakers should take a more aggressive approach in dealing with the Asian country. Puzder, chief executive officer of CKE Restaurants Inc [APOLOT.UL], which runs the Carl’s Jr. and Hardee’s fast-food chains, has been a vociferous critic of government regulation of the workplace and the National Labor Relations Board. Puzder, 66, has argued that higher minimum wages would hurt workers by forcing restaurants to close and praises the benefits of automation, so his appointment is likely to antagonize organized labor.  U.S. Representative Price, 62, is an orthopedic surgeon who heads the House Budget Committee. A representative from Georgia since 2005, Price has criticized Obamacare and has championed a plan of tax credits, expanded health savings accounts and lawsuit reforms to replace it. He is against abortion. Shulkin, 57, currently is under secretary for health at the Department of Veterans Affairs, putting him in charge of the country’s largest healthcare system. Shulkin, a physician, was chosen by Democratic President Barack Obama for the under secretary post in 2015. He has spearheaded an effort to cut waiting times for care at VA medical centers. Trump promised during the campaign to improve medical care for veterans. Shulkin would be the first VA secretary who had not served in the military. Carson, 65, is a retired neurosurgeon who dropped out of the Republican presidential nominating race in March and threw his support to Trump. A popular writer and speaker in conservative circles, Carson had been reluctant to take a position in the incoming administration because of his lack of experience in the federal government. He is the first African-American picked for a Cabinet spot by Trump. Chao, 63, was labor secretary under President George W. Bush for eight years and the first Asian-American woman to hold a Cabinet position. She is a director at Ingersoll Rand Plc, News Corp and Vulcan Materials Co. She is married to U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, a Republican from Kentucky. Perry, 66, is an addition to the list of oil drilling advocates skeptical about climate change who have been picked for senior positions in Trump’s Cabinet. The selections have worried environmentalists but cheered an oil and gas industry eager for expansion. Perry, who ran unsuccessfully for the 2012 Republican presidential nomination and also briefly ran for president in 2016, would be responsible for U.S. energy policy and oversee the nation’s nuclear weapons program.  DeVos, 59, is a billionaire Republican donor, a former chair of the Michigan Republican Party and an advocate for the privatization of education. As chair of the American Federation for Children, she has pushed at the state level for vouchers that families can use to send their children to private schools and for expansion of charter schools. The final leadership role of Kelly’s 45-year military career was head of the U.S. Southern Command, responsible for U.S. military activities and relationships in Latin America and the Caribbean. The 66-year-old retired Marine general differed with Obama on key issues and has warned of vulnerabilities along the United States’ southern border with Mexico. Priebus recently was re-elected to serve as Republican National Committee chairman but will give up that job to join Trump in the White House, where the low-key Washington operative could help forge ties with Congress to advance Trump’s agenda. Priebus, 44, was a steadfast supporter of Trump during the presidential campaign even as the party fractured amid the choice. ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY ADMINISTRATOR: SCOTT PRUITT An ardent opponent of Obama’s measures to stem climate change, Oklahoma Attorney General Pruitt, 48, has enraged environmental activists. But he fits in with the president-elect’s promise to cut the agency back and eliminate regulation that he says is stifling oil and gas drilling. Pruitt became the top state prosecutor for Oklahoma, which has extensive oil reserves, in 2011 and has challenged the EPA multiple times since. U.S. Representative Mick Mulvaney, 49, a South Carolina Republican, is a fiscal conservative. He was an outspoken critic of former House of Representatives Speaker John Boehner, who resigned in 2015 amid opposition from fellow Republicans who were members of the House Freedom Caucus. Mulvaney was first elected to Congress in 2010. Haley, 44, has been the Republican governor of South Carolina since 2011 and has little experience in foreign policy or the federal government. The daughter of Indian immigrants, she led a successful push last year to remove the Confederate battle flag from the grounds of the South Carolina state capitol after the killing of nine black churchgoers in Charleston by a white gunman. McMahon, 68, is a co-founder and former chief executive of the professional wrestling franchise WWE, which is based in Stamford, Connecticut. She ran unsuccessfully as a Republican for a U.S. Senate seat in Connecticut in 2010 and 2012 and was an early supporter of Trump’s presidential campaign. U.S. Representative Pompeo, 53, is a third-term congressman from Kansas who serves on the House of Representatives Intelligence Committee, which oversees the CIA, National Security Agency and cyber security. A retired Army officer and Harvard Law School graduate, Pompeo supports the U.S. government’s sweeping collection of Americans’ communications data and wants to scrap the nuclear deal with Iran. Walter “Jay” Clayton is a New York-based attorney who advises clients on major Wall Street deals, specializing in public and private mergers and acquisitions and capital-raising efforts. His past clients have included Alibaba Group Holding Company, Oaktree Capital Group and big banks.    Retired Lieutenant General Flynn, 58, was an early Trump supporter and serves as vice chairman on his transition team. He began his Army career in 1981 and was deployed in Afghanistan and Iraq. Flynn became head of the Defense Intelligence Agency in 2012 under Obama but retired a year earlier than expected, according to media reports, and became a fierce critic of Obama’s foreign policy. Tom Bossert, 41, who worked as deputy homeland security adviser to former President George W. Bush, will serve as the assistant to the president for homeland security and counterterrorism. He currently runs a risk management consulting firm and has a cyber risk fellowship with the Atlantic Council think tank in Washington. Cohn, 56, president and chief operating officer of Goldman Sachs, had widely been considered heir apparent to Lloyd Blankfein, CEO of the Wall Street firm. Trump hammered Goldman and Blankfein during the presidential campaign, releasing a television ad that called Blankfein part of a “global power structure” that had robbed America’s working class. Navarro, 67, has suggested a stepped-up engagement with Taiwan, including assistance with a submarine development program. A professor at the University of California, Irvine, who advised Trump during the campaign, Navarro argued that Washington should stop referring to the “one China” policy, but stopped short of suggesting it should recognize Taipei: “There is no need to unnecessarily poke the Panda.” Viola, 60, is a graduate of the U.S. Military Academy at West Point and a U.S. Army veteran who served in the famed 101st Airborne Division. He founded high-frequency trading firm Virtu Financial Inc and served as chairman of the New York Mercantile Exchange, where he began his financial services career. After the Sept. 11, 2001, al Qaeda attacks on New York and Washington, Viola helped found the Combating Terrorism Center at West Point. He is an owner of the Florida Panthers ice hockey team. CHIEF WHITE HOUSE STRATEGIST, SENIOR COUNSELOR: STEVE BANNON The former head of the conservative website Breitbart News came aboard as Trump’s campaign chairman in August. A rabble-rousing conservative media figure, he helped shift Breitbart into a forum for the alt-right, a loose confederation of those who reject mainstream politics and includes neo-Nazis, white supremacists and anti-Semites. His hiring signals Trump’s dedication to operating outside the norms of Washington. As White House chief of staff, Bannon, 63, will serve as Trump’s gatekeeper and agenda-setter. ",1
6395,Trump's team blocks U.S. House appearance by Pentagon pick: officials,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump’s team has canceled an appearance before Congress by his nominee for defense secretary, retired General James Mattis, regarding a waiver he needs for the post, congressional officials said on Wednesday. The U.S. House of Representatives had been due to hear Mattis testify on Thursday and he had agreed to appear. Mattis, who retired from the Marine Corps in 2013, is technically ineligible to be defense secretary since he has not been a civilian for at least seven years. That means Congress would need to grant a waiver, something it has not done since 1950. House Democratic Whip Steny Hoyer said it was his understanding the Trump transition team had blocked Mattis from testifying. Congressional aides also confirmed that Mattis had agreed to testify but the appearance had been blocked. The decision appeared to be part of an effort to keep the attention on Mattis’ confirmation hearing in the Senate, which is scheduled for earlier on Thursday. “This (waiver) is not a minor issue. This is a major issue affecting the principle of civilian control of the military, and Ranking Member (Representative Adam) Smith believes deeply that General Mattis should come speak with the members about it,” said Barron Youngsmith, a spokesman for Democrats on the House Armed Services Committee. A Trump transition team spokeswoman did not speak directly to the House hearing but said Mattis’ current focus was on the Senate confirmation process and “testifying at his confirmation hearing of the Senate Armed Services Committee.” “If confirmed he looks forward to working with both the Senate and House Armed Services Committees, which play critical roles in supporting our forces and ensuring civilian control of the military,” Alleigh Marre said in a statement. Hoyer said Mattis might be the best of the nominees for top administration positions put forward by the Republican Trump, who takes office on Jan. 20. Republicans control the Senate, so Mattis is expected to be confirmed if he receives the appropriate waiver. The Senate and House must both agree to exempt him from a law written when the Department of Defense was created to ensure that the U.S. military is under civilian command. Senators expressed little opposition to Mattis’ appointment at a Senate Armed Services Committee hearing on civilian control of the military on Tuesday, as the panel considered whether to issue the waiver. Outside experts testified. Senator John McCain, the Senate panel’s chairman, said he would “fully support” the waiver legislation, which is expected to pass Congress.  Mattis, 66, has been warmly received by senior defense figures among both Republicans and Democrats, who believe he will adhere to core alliances and principles, even ones challenged by Trump during his election campaign.  ",1
6396,'You are fake news!' Trump presides over turbulent news conference,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - The drama started early at Donald Trump’s first news conference as president-elect. Trump, who spent much of his U.S. presidential campaign bashing the news media for what he called unfair coverage, kicked off with uncharacteristic praise for the New York Times and other media organizations.  The reason? The Times, and others, had held back on reporting salacious and unsubstantiated allegations that suggested Trump could be blackmailed by Russia. The praise did not last long. For those organizations that he said had crossed the line - BuzzFeed, which released an unsubstantiated memo about the allegations, and CNN, which was one of the first to report on the broader story - he delivered a  scathing critique.  “You are fake news,” Trump said to CNN correspondent Jim Acosta, calling his organization terrible and declining to take a question from him despite Acosta’s several attempts to shout one. That dust-up was one of many theatrical moments at the first news conference in six months for Trump, a businessman and reality TV star-turned-politician who enters the White House on Jan. 20. There was turbulence even before Trump took the lectern in the lobby of his Manhattan tower. The president-elect’s team had set out about 80 chairs, not nearly enough for the roughly 250 journalists who were present.  Trump’s team created some suspense when beforehand four aides walked to the front of the room and placed thick stacks of paper on a table. Trump would get to that later. When the president-elect arrived, a group of staff and supporters standing in a space near the elevators in the Trump Tower lobby applauded. That group would act as Trump’s personal cheering section during the news conference, clapping and whooping whenever he made points they liked. The press does not normally cheer the president at such events. At the start, Trump stood off to the side with his three oldest children while he had two introductions - one from his incoming press secretary, Sean Spicer, and one from his running mate, Mike Pence. Both slammed media organizations for reporting the unsubstantiated allegations. CNN later released a statement about its reporting. “CNN’s decision to publish carefully sourced reporting about the operations of our government is vastly different from BuzzFeed’s decision to publish unsubstantiated memos,” it said. “The Trump team knows this.” BuzzFeed CEO Jonah Peretti in a memo to employees defended the decision to publish the dossier, referring to it as a “newsworthy document.” Trump stood in front of a row of American flags, using a presidential and patriotic display as a backdrop. As the questioning grew more intense, he brought up an attorney, who gave a long and detailed pitch on live television about how the business owner would attempt to avoid conflicts of interest.  The lawyer’s presentation acted as a brief intermission to the frenzied pace. Once Trump was ready to end, he pointed to the stacks of paper by the lectern. He said he was unsure it had been properly explained that they represented some of the paperwork he had filled out to begin placing his business in the hands of his sons so long as he is president, a maximum of eight years. If after eight years of running his business he found the sons had not done a good job, he would tell them, “You’re fired,” Trump said, using a catchphrase from “The Apprentice,” the reality TV show he hosted. ",1
6397,Tillerson says does not agree with Trump comments on nuclear arms,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State nominee Rex Tillerson said on Wednesday that he does not agree with President-elect Donald Trump’s comments that it would not be a bad thing if other countries, including Japan, acquired nuclear weapons. Asked by Democratic Senator Edward Markey about Trump’s comments, Tillerson said during his Senate confirmation hearing that he did not think anyone would advocate for more nuclear weapons on the planet. Pressed further by Markey on whether he agreed with Trump’s remarks, Tillerson replied: “I do not agree.” ",1
6398,Trump says won't divest from his business while president,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump said on Wednesday he would maintain ownership of his global business empire but hand off control to his two oldest sons while president, an arrangement that watchdogs said would not prevent conflicts of interest in the White House. Trump told a news conference he would resign from all positions overseeing his hotels, golf courses and hundreds of other businesses and move his assets into a trust to help ensure that he will not consciously take actions as president that would benefit him personally. Trump, a Republican, is under pressure to distance himself from his businesses before he moves into the White House on Jan. 20. Unlike other U.S. government officials, the president is not required by law to steer clear of conflicts of interest. “I could actually run my business and run government at the same time. I don’t like the way that looks, but I would be able to do that if I wanted to,” Trump said. Ethics experts said the arrangement did not go far enough. “Mr. Trump’s ill-advised course will precipitate scandal and corruption,” said Norman Eisen, a former White House ethics adviser under Democratic President Barack Obama. Walter Shaub, director of the U.S. Office of Government Ethics, said on Wednesday in a speech at a Washington think tank that his office recommends Trump “divest his conflicting assets” to avoid conflicts. Trump appears to be still involved with his business while preparing to take office, saying he had turned down a $2 billion development deal in Dubai he had been offered over the weekend. The company that made the proposal, DAMAC, confirmed the discussions had taken place. The Trump Organization will not enter into any new overseas deals while Trump is president and will only undertake domestic projects after a company ethics adviser has approved them, said Trump adviser Sheri Dillon. Details of how the ethics adviser would operate, as well as several other aspects of the arrangements, were not immediately clear. Trump will only know of those deals if he hears about them through the news media, said Dillon, a lawyer at Morgan Lewis who focuses on tax and ethics. Trump’s daughter, Ivanka, will have no further involvement in managing the organization or her own clothing brand. Ivanka Trump said on her Facebook page that she would take time off to settle her family into their new home in Washington. The president-elect has named her husband, Jared Kushner, to a senior advisory role in the White House. Since Trump sold all his stocks last year, the Trump trust will hold only business assets and liquid assets such as cash, Dillon said.  A financial disclosure document he filed in May also showed loans from lenders such as Deutsche Bank (DBKGn.DE) and Ladder Capital (LADR.K). Trump will not have to file a new disclosure form until 2018. Many other ethics experts, including the U.S. Office of Government Ethics, have urged Trump to completely divest or set up a blind trust for his assets. In a blind trust, the owner does now know what the holdings are or how the assets are managed. Trump’s oldest sons, Eric and Donald Jr., will be running his business, so the arrangement does not meet that standard. Dillon said that was not a realistic possibility for a family-owned company and any sudden divestment would hurt Trump financially. Unlike liquid assets like stocks and investment funds, much of Trump’s wealth comes from office towers and other real estate that cannot be sold easily, as well as licensing deals that could be difficult to unwind. Stripped of the Trump name, many of these assets would lose much of their value, Dillon said. “President-elect Trump should not be expected to destroy the company he built,” she said. Dillon dismissed concerns that Trump could violate an anti-bribery provision in the U.S. Constitution, known as the Emoluments Clause. That applies to gifts, but not business transactions like renting a hotel room, she said. Nevertheless, profits generated at Trump’s hotels by foreign governments will be donated to the U.S. Treasury, she said. ",1
6399,Tillerson calls Mexico long-standing friend of United States,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State nominee Rex Tillerson on Wednesday called Mexico a “long-standing” friend of the United States and said the United States would engage with its southern neighbor. “We’re going to engage with Mexico because of their importance to us in this hemisphere,” Tillerson said during his Senate confirmation hearing. ",1
6400,CNN says its reports on Trump intel documents different from BuzzFeed's,"(Reuters) - CNN, the news division of Time Warner Inc, said on Wednesday its decision to publish “carefully sourced reporting” on unverified intelligence documents concerning President-elect Donald Trump is “vastly different than BuzzFeed’s decision to publish unsubstantiated memos.” CNN’s statement came after Trump called the news outlet “fake news” and refused to take a CNN reporter’s questions at his first formal news conference since his Nov. 8 electoral win. BuzzFeed on Tuesday published a story about a dossier of documents it said were unverified and “potentially unverifiable” allegations of contact between Trump aides and Russian operatives. Included in the documents were claims that Russian intelligence had compromising information about Trump. BuzzFeed CEO Jonah Peretti in a memo to employees on Wednesday defended the decision to publish the dossier, referring to it as a “newsworthy document.” Throughout the news conference, Trump decried a CNN report on Tuesday that said U.S. intelligence officials had presented Trump with claims that Russian operatives said they had compromising personal and financial information about him. ",1
6401,Trump's Treasury nominee Mnuchin pledges to divest assets worth millions,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump’s nominee for Treasury Secretary, Steven Mnuchin, has pledged to divest at least $94 million worth of investments in 43 entities to avoid conflicts of interest, according to an ethics agreement released on Wednesday. Mnuchin said in a 42-page financial disclosure report that these investments include more than $50 million worth of common shares of CIT Group Inc, the financial services group that acquired his OneWest Bank in 2015. However, his CIT shares are likely worth more. They are listed in the “Over $50 million” category, the highest amount required on the asset valuation form for presidential political appointees. The investor group he led sold OneWest in 2015 for $3.4 billion, seven years after they purchased the assets of failed mortgage lender IndyMac Bank for $1.55 billion. Mnuchin, a former Goldman Sachs executive and Hollywood film financier, added that he resigned his position as a CIT director in December as part of his agreement with the Treasury’s assistant general counsel. He pledged to divest Goldman Sachs shares worth over $5 million and Goldman Sachs Treasury investments worth over $25 million. The disclosure forms, which allow a range for the value of assets, reveal that Mnuchin is worth at least $118 million to around $392 million, making him he richest Treasury secretary since his former boss, ex-Goldman Sachs CEO Henry Paulson, who served under George W. Bush and was worth over $700 million at the time he took office in 2006. By contrast, President Barack Obama’s Treasury secretaries, Tim Geithner and Jack Lew, were each worth between about $740,000 and $1.7 million when they took office. Under Mnuchin’s ethics agreement, he will refrain from any decisions involving CIT Group until August 2018, when a final payment of at least $5 million from CIT Group is made as part off a “holdback” agreement related to the OneWest merger.  Among other assets disclosed by Mnuchin are a small airplane he operates for business and personal use, and an interest in a 1978 Willem de Kooning oil painting, “Untitled III”, valued between $5 million and $25 million. Mnuchin also said in his ethics agreement that prior to or upon Senate confirmation he would fully disclose the assets of his fiancée, Scottish-born actress Louise Linton, as if they were married and pledged to refrain from any matter that affects her finances. The documents are on file with the Office of Government Ethics. (here+Index/30AAAB9D74B0557B852580A5004FF9F9/$FILE/Mnuchin,%20Steven%20T.%20finalEA.pdf) ",1
6402,U.S. Transportation nominee Chao hits no roadblocks in confirmation hearing,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Donald Trump’s choice to run the U.S. Transportation Department, Elaine Chao, defended the president-elect’s $1 trillion infrastructure plan as a “bold vision” on Wednesday in an overwhelmingly friendly Senate confirmation hearing. While there is criticism of Chao, in particular on environmental issues, there is no significant opposition to her nomination and she is expected to be confirmed.  She served as labor secretary under President George W. Bush from 2001 to 2009 and was the first Asian-American woman to hold a Cabinet position. She was deputy secretary of transportation under President George H. W. Bush. She was introduced by her husband, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell. The top-ranking Democrat on the committee, Florida’s Bill Nelson, noted his wife’s friendship with Chao. Chao will take a leading role in Trump’s plans to rebuild crumbling U.S. roads and bridges with a $1 trillion fund. He would offer private investors who put money into projects an 82 percent tax credit but critics say it is unclear how they could recoup investments in most projects without sharply increasing costs for users of most roads and bridges. Chao described the plan to the Senate Committee on Commerce, Science and Transportation as a “bold vision” and acknowledged the need to work on the issue of paying investors back. “For them (partnerships) to be truly effective, there need to be revenue streams that need to be assured,” she added. “We all know that the government doesn’t have the resources to do it all.”  Chao is nominated to head a department with such wide-ranging responsibilities as oversight of the nation’s airports and highways, fuel-economy rules for autos and probes into auto makers for safety recalls of key parts like airbags.  She declined to take positions on issues like whether the job of air traffic control should be privatized, concerns over the safety of shipments of crude oil by rail, foreign airlines like Norwegian Air Shuttle’s push to move into the U.S. market and regulation of developing technology like autonomous vehicles and drones. Chao faced no questions about her memberships on corporate boards. Chao is on the board of Wells Fargo & Co which has struggled since September after it agreed with regulators to pay $190 million in fines and restitution to settle charges that its employees wrongly created as many as 2 million accounts without customer authorization. Chao is an immigrant from Taiwan who arrived in the United States at age 8. Her father, James S.C. Chao, is founder of the Foremost Group, an international shipping company. ",1
6403,White House assails Trump 'secrecy' on financial dealings with Russia,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House on Wednesday said U.S. President-elect Donald Trump and his transition team have refused to make public information that would put to rest questions about his and his family’s possible financial entanglements in Russia. “There’s ample evidence that they could marshal, to make public to refute those claims, those accusations that they say are baseless. But they refuse to do so,” spokesman Josh Earnest said at a news briefing. “That kind of secrecy only serves to sow public doubt.” ",1
6404,Tillerson says backs 'full review' of Iran nuclear deal,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State nominee Rex Tillerson said on Wednesday he would recommend a “full review” of the nuclear deal with Iran, but he did not call for an outright rejection of the 2015 accord. Speaking in his Senate confirmation hearing, Tillerson also said he did not oppose the Trans Pacific Partnership free trade deal, but said he shares some of President-elect Donald Trump’s views about whether the pact as negotiated reflects all the best interests of the United States.    ",1
6405,White House says intelligence report covered more than cyber attacks,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - White House spokesman Josh Earnest on Wednesday would not comment on whether a U.S. intelligence report referred to unsubstantiated allegations that Russia had compromising information on President-elect Donald Trump.  But Earnest said the report, presented to President Barack Obama and Trump last week, discussed a number of tactics employed by Moscow in addition to cyber attacks in an attempt to influence the outcome of the Nov. 8 election. “There’s a discussion of this fake news phenomenon in the report as well,” Earnest said at a news briefing. “It’s important to understand that the report that was compiled by the intelligence community goes beyond just the malicious cyber activity that Russia engaged in.” ",1
6406,Highlights: U.S. President-elect Trump's news conference,"(Reuters) - The following are highlights from U.S. President-elect Donald Trump’s hour-long news conference in New York on Wednesday, nine days before he takes the oath of office. Trump blasted the release of an unsubstantiated intelligence report saying he had been compromised by Russia and was vulnerable to blackmail, characterizing it as “nonsense that was released by, maybe the intelligence agencies, who knows, but maybe the intelligence agencies ... It should never have been written, it should never have been released.” “It’s all fake news. It didn’t happen. It’s phony stuff. It was a group of opponents who got together, sick people, who put that out.” “I think it was disgraceful, disgraceful that the intelligence agencies allowed any information that turned out to be so false and fake out there ... That’s something that Nazi Germany would have done.” He praised some news organizations for not initially reporting on the document.  “I just want to compliment many of the people in the room ... I have great respect for the news and great respect for freedom of the press.” He strongly criticized CNN for its reporting of the story, refusing to take a question from a reporter for the network, telling him, “I’m not going to give you a question. You are fake news.” “Some of the media outlets we are dealing with are fake news ... All I can ask for are honest reporters.”  Asked whether he accepted that Russian President Vladimir Putin tried to help him win the election, Trump said, “If Putin likes Donald Trump, I consider that an asset, not a liability.” He denied having any business dealings with or in Russia. “I have no loans with Russia at all.” “As far as hacking, I think it’s Russia. But we also get hacked by other countries and other people, and I can say that.” On Putin and hacking, Trump said, “He shouldn’t be doing it. He won’t be doing it.” “Within 90 days we will be coming up with a major report on hacking defense, how do we stop this new phenomena.” “Russia will have far greater respect for our country when I’m leading it ... We’re either going to get along, or we’re not. I hope we get along, but if we don’t, that’s possible too.  “But Russia and other countries, and other countries, including China, which has taken total advantage of us economically... and (taken) advantage of us in the South China Sea ... Russia, China, Japan, Mexico, all countries will respect us far more, far more, than they do under past administrations.” Asked about nominating a Supreme Court justice, Trump said, “So, as you know, I have a list of 20. I’ve gone through them ... They were outstanding in every case ... I’ll be making the decision on who we will put up for justice of the United States Supreme Court, a replacement for the great, great Justice (Antonin) Scalia. That will be probably within two weeks of the 20th (of January) ... “It will be a decision which I very strongly believe in. I think it’s one of the reasons I got elected.” “We have to get our drug industry coming back” to the United States, he said, adding that companies had been “leaving left and right.” Trump also called for new bidding procedures for U.S. drug companies, saying, “They’re getting away with murder (with drug prices) ... There’s very little bidding for drugs.  “We’re the largest buyer of drugs in the world and yet we don’t bid properly. We’re going to start bidding and we’re going to start saving billions of dollars.” “I said I will be the greatest jobs producer that God ever created, and I mean that.” “You want to move your plant, and you think, as an example, you’re going to build that plant in Mexico, and you’re going to make your air conditioners or your cars, or whatever you’re making, and you’re going to sell them through what will be a very, very strong border ... Not going to happen. You’re going to pay a very large border tax.” Trump said he would not wait for negotiations with Mexico to be completed before starting to build a wall along the two countries’ border. “I could wait about a year and a half until we finish our negotiations with Mexico, which will start immediately after we get into office; but I don’t want to wait.” “We’re going to be submitting ... a plan. It’ll be repeal and replace; it will be essentially simultaneously; it will be various segments, you understand, but will most likely be on the same day or the same week.” “Obamacare is the Democrats’ problem. We are going to take the problem off the shelf for them ... we are doing the Democrats a great service.” Trump announced the nomination of Dr. David Shulkin as secretary of Veteran Affairs. Shulkin is currently under secretary for health at the VA.  “We’re going to straighten out the VA for our veterans. I have been promising that for a long time ... We interviewed at least 100 people (for VA head), some good, some not so good ... Our veterans have been treated very unfairly.”  ",1
6407,Trump says he'll make high court pick within two weeks after taking office,"(Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump said on Wednesday his team has met with numerous candidates to fill the longstanding U.S. Supreme Court vacancy and promised a decision on a nominee within about two weeks of taking office on Jan. 20. Trump, during a news conference in New York, indicated the importance he attached to the selection of a replacement for conservative Justice Antonin Scalia, who died last Feb. 13. The Republican-led Senate then refused to consider President Barack Obama’s nominee to the post, appeals court judge Merrick Garland. “It will be a decision which I very strongly believe in. I think it’s one of the reasons I got elected,” said Trump, who previously vowed to pick a jurist similar to Scalia, who was one of the most conservative members of the nine-seat court. Trump said he would make his announcement “probably within two weeks of the 20th ... probably the second week.” He did not mention any of the potential picks by name or state exactly how many have had interviews, but said, “We’ve met with numerous candidates. They were outstanding in every case.” Trump said he would pick from names suggested to him by conservative legal groups. Trump said he had a list of 20 names. The original list his presidential campaign made public included 21 names. Trump specifically mentioned input from the Federalist Society and Republican former South Carolina Senator Jim DeMint. Scalia’s death left the top U.S. court ideologically split with four conservatives and four liberals. Scalia’s replacement could tilt the ideological leaning of the court for years to come, restoring the long-standing conservative majority just at a time when it appeared liberals would get an upper hand on the bench. This could be pivotal in wide range of issues including abortion, the death penalty, religious rights, presidential powers, transgender rights, federal regulations and others. The U.S. Constitution calls on the president to nominate members of the Supreme Court, with confirmation of the selection in the hands of the Senate. The Republican-led Senate, in a move with little precedent in U.S. history, refused to consider Democrat Obama’s nominee, saying the winner of the Nov. 8 presidential election between Republican Trump and Democrat Hillary Clinton should make the pick. The court is in the midst of its current term, which started in October and ends in June.",1
6408,Tillerson says NATO mutual defense guarantee is inviolable,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The NATO alliance’s mutual defense guarantee,  Article 5, is inviolable, U.S. Secretary of State nominee Rex Tillerson said on Wednesday in response to a question during his Senate confirmation hearing. ",1
6409,Trump says won't wait for negotiations with Mexico before starting wall,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump said on Wednesday he would not wait for negotiations with Mexico to be completed before starting to build a wall along the two countries’ border. “I could wait about a year and a half until we finish our negotiations with Mexico which will start immediately after we get into office, but I don’t want to wait,” Trump said at a news conference. He said his vice president-elect Mike Pence is “leading an effort to get final approvals through various agencies and through Congress for the wall to begin.” “Mexico in some form ... will reimburse us,” Trump added. ",1
6410,Secretary of state nominee says risk of climate change does exist,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The nominee to be U.S. President-elect Donald Trump’s secretary of state, Rex Tillerson, said on Wednesday the risk of climate change does exist, and the consequences could be serious enough that action should be taken. When asked during a Senate confirmation hearing to say whether he believed that human activity was contributing to climate change, Tillerson did not answer yes or no, but said: “The increase in greenhouse gas concentrations in the atmosphere are having an effect. Our abilities to predict that effect are very limited.”  Tillerson is former chief executive of Exxon Mobil Corp. Trump said during the election campaign that he would seek to quit the 2015 Paris climate accord. ",1
6411,"For Russia, U.S. election meddling claims strip Trump win of luster","MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Kremlin says U.S. intelligence agency allegations it ran an influence campaign to help President-elect Donald Trump win the White House are false. But if U.S. spies are right, Moscow may wish it hadn’t bothered to meddle in the first place. The belief, widely held in the West, that the Kremlin helped discredit Democratic rival Hillary Clinton by orchestrating embarrassing media leaks, has relegated U.S.-Russia relations to a post-Cold War low and stoked fears Russia will try to subvert French and German elections this year.  And true or not, the bipartisan view that Russia tried to help Trump, supported by a classified U.S. intelligence report, may make it harder, not easier, for Trump to make common cause with President Vladimir Putin, something both men say they want. In the latest wrinkle, U.S. officials said on Tuesday that Trump has been presented with claims that Russia had compromising information about him. The accusations are uncorroborated and denied by the Kremlin. “There was initial delight in Russia when Trump won and there was more delight after Trump picked Rex Tillerson as secretary of state,” said Alexei Makarkin, deputy director at the Moscow-based Center for Political Technologies. “There is significantly less delight now.” Former Exxon-Mobil CEO Tillerson, Trump’s pick for America’s top diplomat, is seen as a friend of Russia. His firm has been thwarted from carrying out a huge project in the Russian Arctic by economic sanctions imposed by the outgoing Obama administration to punish Moscow for its actions in Ukraine. Makarkin said Trump and his circle would now be accused of being Kremlin stooges every time they pushed for detente with Russia, with senior Republicans likely to warn that any rapprochement would hand political capital to the Democrats. Putin, who has repeatedly praised Trump’s political skills, is hoping his incoming U.S. counterpart will ease or annul the sanctions, stay out of Russia’s domestic affairs, and maybe even team up with the Kremlin in the Middle East. But the furor over hacking and allegations of wider Russian interference have triggered pressure from Democrats and Trump’s fellow Republicans in Congress for tougher, not weaker, anti-Russian measures. That has amplified Congressional calls for an independent bipartisan investigation into Russian dirty tricks and prompted President Barack Obama to expel 35 suspected Russian spies, denting early Russian optimism about a Trump presidency. When the announcement that Trump had won the Nov. 8 presidential election was made in Russia’s parliament by Vyacheslav Nikonov, the grandson of Stalin’s foreign minister, lawmakers erupted in applause. In Moscow, Clinton was widely seen as being anti-Russian.   Two months later, the mood has soured. “The new hacking allegations against Russia are clearly timed to coincide with the handover of power in the United States,” Alexei Pushkov, a senator who sits on the upper house of parliament’s defense and security committee, said.  “The aim is to force Trump into enmity with Russia.”    Victoria Zhuravleva, an expert on U.S.-Russia relations who writes analytical papers for the government, said the current mood in the United States meant Trump would struggle to improve relations with Moscow even if he wanted to. “If we are realistic we have nothing to wait for,” said Zhuravleva, who said Congress could stymie Trump’s Russia policies and would probably present him with proposals to hit Moscow with fresh sanctions rather than roll back existing ones. To be sure, some observers of U.S.-Russian relations say the Kremlin still emerges from the affair with a major win: the new U.S. president favors closer ties with Russia and has named people who share that view to key posts. And Trump can plow ahead with rapprochement even if some in Washington oppose it. “The Constitution privileges the Executive in war and foreign policy,” Rhodri Jeffreys-Jones, author of ‘We Know All About You: The Story of Surveillance in Britain and America,’ wrote in e-mailed comments. “Once Trump and Putin begin to play together (if they do), the hacking issue will become a minor historical footnote.” But with U.S.-Russia tensions so strained, some in Russia fret Washington will strike back with its own cyber attack.  German Klimenko, Putin’s Internet adviser, has suggested Russia must be ready to disconnect itself or to be involuntarily cut off from the global Internet. “America could say it will throw up virtual borders to protect itself from (external) influence,” Klimenko told Reuters. “I can imagine ... any actions.”  With so much focus on alleged Russian meddling, attention is now turning to presidential elections in France and Germany this year with some European politicians and intelligence services warning Moscow will try to interfere there too. The Kremlin’s preferences appear clear from state media, where Chancellor Angela Merkel has been denigrated as ‘an old witch.’ French National Front leader Marine Le Pen and center-right Francois Fillon have both been portrayed more positively. Former intelligence agents and cyber experts say neither country has the technical ability to protect itself or fully understand by whom and how it is being hacked, creating a rich opportunity for disinformation and unverifiable claims.   Several intelligence experts said elements of Russia’s intelligence community won’t be able to resist trying to replicate their U.S. election operations in European elections — even while other parts of the ruling elite see such operations as highly risky. “This publicity (around the U.S. election) made Russia look so powerful that it almost provokes them to try their hand elsewhere,” said Andrei Soldatov, co-author of Red Web, which examines how the FSB security service uses the Internet.  Yuri Felshtinsky, a friend of murdered Kremlin critic Alexander Litvinenko and an expert in the Russian intelligence services, said Europe should brace itself.   “During the U.S. campaign Russia created a very powerful tool to influence elections. This tool, including hacking and the creation of web sites involved in publishing fake news, will now be used everywhere.” ",1
6412,Tillerson says would support maintaining Russia sanctions for now,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump’s nominee for U.S. Secretary of State, Rex Tillerson, said on Wednesday he would support maintaining U.S. sanctions on Russia until the United States further develops its approach to the country. “I would leave things in the status quo so we are able to convey this can go either way,” Tillerson said during his confirmation hearing, in response to a question on whether he thought right now is the right time to lift sanctions on Russia. ",1
6413,Debate over firing U.S. consumer watchdog director intensifies," (The Jan. 10 story corrects Sasse’s state to Nebraska in the seventh paragraph) By Lisa Lambert WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The debate over whether President-elect Donald Trump should fire the head of a U.S. consumer watchdog after taking office came to a boil on Tuesday, with congressional lawmakers sending off strong letters that dug into constitutional law.  Republican senators pushing Trump to fire the director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, Richard Cordray, portrayed the agency as overreaching its authority. Meanwhile, Democrats said firing Cordray would advance a “Wall Street agenda” to escape federal oversight. The bureau, created in the 2010 Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform law, was originally proposed by Senator Elizabeth Warren, a Democrat from Massachusetts, to guard individuals against lending fraud. At the heart of the debate is a restriction that the president can only fire the director for cause. The U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit is reviewing a recent court decision that the president should be able to fire the director at will. Some want Trump to remove Cordray for cause soon after his inauguration on Jan. 20, and not wait for the appeals court’s decision. That could open the door for Cordray to sue. Senator Ben Sasse, a Republican from Nebraska, started Tuesday’s fight with the tweet: “It’s time to fire King Richard.” Sasse, a member of the Banking Committee, and fellow Republican Mike Lee, of Utah, then released a letter to Vice President-elect Mike Pence saying the CFPB “combines the powers of the executive, legislative, and judicial branches into the hands of a few unaccountable Washington elites.” Senator Sherrod Brown, the most senior Democrat on the Banking Committee, shot back with a statement that Cordray should stay until his term expires in 2018. “Under Richard Cordray’s leadership, the CFPB has returned $12 billion to servicemembers, seniors, and working Americans who’ve been ripped off by shady debt collectors, for-profit schools, payday lenders, and huge banks like Wells Fargo,” Brown said. The CFPB recently was part of a $190 million settlement with  Wells Fargo, which was accused of creating phony accounts.   In the House, 21 Democrats sent a letter to Trump saying no U.S. president has ever removed an independent agency head for cause. “While we understand that many powerful special interests would like to see Director Cordray leave, we urge you not to bow to their demands to initiate costly, meritless litigation, and we stand ready to oppose any efforts you may make to do so,” they wrote. ",1
6414,Trump given unverified reports that Russia had damaging details about him,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Classified documents that the heads of four U.S. intelligence agencies presented last week to President-elect Donald Trump included claims that Russian intelligence operatives have compromising information about him, two U.S. officials said Tuesday evening. They told Reuters the claims, which one called “unsubstantiated,” were contained in a two-page memo appended to a report on Russian interference in the 2016 election that U.S. intelligence officials presented to Trump and President Barack Obama last week. Trump responded on Tuesday evening in a tweet calling the reports: “FAKE NEWS - A TOTAL POLITICAL WITCH HUNT!” The Trump transition team did not immediately respond to a request for comment. One of the officials, both of whom requested anonymity to discuss classified matters, said the Federal Bureau of Investigation and other U.S. agencies are continuing to investigate the credibility and accuracy of the claims. They are included in opposition research reports made available last year to Democrats and U.S. officials by a former British intelligence official, most of whose past work U.S. officials consider credible. The official said investigators so far have been unable to confirm the material about Trump financial and personal entanglements with Russian businessmen and others whom U.S. intelligence analysts have concluded are Russian intelligence officers or working on behalf of Russian intelligence. Some material in the reports produced by the former British intelligence officer has proved to be erroneous, the official said. The FBI declined comment. The charges that Russia attempted to compromise New York real estate businessman Trump were presented to the FBI and other U.S. government officials last summer and have been circulating for months. The FBI initially took the material seriously, said the sources, who spoke on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the issue, which was first reported by CNN.  However, the FBI failed to act on the material, and the former British intelligence officer broke off contact about three weeks before the November election, they said.  The warning of information about Russia’s compromising claims follows growing U.S. intelligence and law enforcement concerns about what Director of National Intelligence James Clapper has called “multifaceted” Russian influence and espionage operations in Europe and the United States.  In addition to hacking computer networks and spreading propaganda and fake news, it includes efforts to cultivate business and political leaders and find compromising personal, financial and other information on persons of interest, U.S. intelligence officials said. The classified briefings last week were presented to Obama and Trump by Clapper, FBI Director James Comey, Central Intelligence Agency Director John Brennan and National Security Agency Director Mike Rogers. U.S. intelligence chiefs included a classified summary of the material to make Trump aware that it is circulating among intelligence agencies, senior members of Congress, government officials and others, one of the officials said. An unclassified intelligence report released on Friday concluded that Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered an effort to help Trump’s electoral chances by discrediting Democrat Hillary Clinton in the 2016 presidential campaign. The report said U.S. intelligence agencies have concluded that as part of the effort Russia’s military intelligence agency, the GRU, used intermediaries such as WikiLeaks and others to release emails it hacked from the Democratic National Committee and top Democrats. ",1
6415,Kremlin says it has no compromising dossier on Trump,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Kremlin said on Wednesday it was “total nonsense” that Russian officials had assembled a file of compromising information on U.S. President-elect Donald Trump. Two U.S. officials said on Tuesday evening that the heads of four U.S. intelligence agencies had last week presented Trump with classified documents which included unverified claims that Russian intelligence operatives had compromising information about him. Addressing reporters on a conference call, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said the dossier containing the claims was a hoax which had been dreamt up to further harm U.S.-Russia relations, which are already at their lowest level since the Cold War.  “It is an attempt to damage our bilateral relations. It is pulp fiction,” said Peskov, who also roundly dismissed as false assertions in the dossier that he himself was heavily involved in running a Russian campaign to undermine defeated presidential candidate Hillary Clinton. “You have to react to this with a certain humor, but there’s also a sad side to this. Hysteria is being whipped up to maintain a political witch hunt.” Peskov said the Kremlin did not engage in compiling compromising dossiers on anyone and was focused on building relations with Russia’s foreign partners instead. On Tuesday evening, Trump dismissed the reports that Russia had compromising information on him. “FAKE NEWS - A TOTAL POLITICAL WITCH HUNT!” he wrote in a Twitter post. Asked to respond to the prospect of new U.S. sanctions affecting Russia’s oil and gas sector, Peskov said such measures, if they happened, would damage Russia, bilateral ties, and the global economy. The Russian energy sector would definitely get compensation if such sanctions were imposed, he added. Peskov said the Kremlin was unfazed by reports that Trump’s pick for secretary of state, Rex Tillerson, would say at his confirmation hearing on Wednesday that Russia posed a danger. It has previously praised Tillerson, who has experience of working with top Russian officials in the oil sector. Peskov said the Kremlin stood by its assessment of Tillerson as someone who was willing to listen and was constructive, but was aware he was likely to be a tough operator too. “We understand that Tillerson will continue to be quite tough in pursuing his line,” said Peskov, saying the Kremlin was not wearing rose-tinted glasses when it came to the former U.S. oilman.          ",1
6416,Priebus says 'salacious garbage' in the report on Russia 'didn't happen': NBC,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump and his incoming chief of staff on Wednesday beat back reports that Russian officials had assembled a file of compromising information on the Republican businessman, due to enter the White House in 9 days.  Trump spokesman Reince Priebus, asked about the report on NBC’s “Today” show, said he had brought the matter up with Trump. “”He said it was ‘total garbage and I’m keeping it clean,’” Priebus said. On Twitter, Trump pointed to the Kremlin’s rejection of the report as a “complete and total fabrication.” ",1
6417,Trump secretary of state choice to say Russia must be held to account,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump’s secretary of state nominee, Rex Tillerson, on Wednesday will voice concerns about Russia’s actions on the world stage and say China must help pressure North Korea to reform. The Trump transition team circulated Tillerson’s opening statement to be delivered during his Senate confirmation hearing. He will explain to some extent why Trump has been in favor of a warmer relationship with Moscow, saying Washington needs an open and frank dialogue with Russia on its ambition in order for the United States to chart its own course. But his rhetoric expressing concern about Russia goes beyond Trump’s own frequent expressions of the need for better ties after what he feels was a bungling of the relationship by outgoing President Barack Obama. “Our NATO allies are right to be alarmed at a resurgent Russia,” Tillerson will say. “But it was in the absence of American leadership that this door was left open and unintended signals were sent.” He cited Obama’s failure to act against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad’s use of chemical weapons against his own people after saying in 2012 that doing so would cross a “red line” as a weak signal to Moscow. “We backtracked on commitments we made to allies. We sent weak or mixed signals with ‘red lines’ that turned into green lights. We did not recognize that Russia does not think like we do,” Tillerson will say. Tillerson, like Trump, will express a dim view of China’s aggressive moves in the South China Sea such as its building artificial islands. “China’s island-building in the South China Sea is an illegal taking of disputed areas without regard for international norms,” he will say. As Trump adopts from Obama the challenge of containing North Korea’s nuclear program, Tillerson signaled a move to exert more pressure on China to help. “We cannot continue to accept empty promises like the ones China has made to pressure North Korea to reform, only to shy away from enforcement. Looking the other way when trust is broken only encourages more bad behavior. And it must end,” Tillerson will say. When asked about Tillerson’s comments at a daily briefing, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang reiterated that disputes in the South China Sea should be resolved regionally. With reference to North Korea, Lu said: “We care more about peace and stability on the Korean peninsula than any other country.” Tillerson will say that challenges posed by Islamic State, China, North Korea and Iran represent new global realities that must be addressed with an assertive United States. “To achieve the stability that is foundational to peace and security in the 21st century, American leadership must not only be renewed, it must be asserted,” he will say. The Wall Street Journal reported that Tillerson, the wealthy former CEO of Exxon-Mobil Corp., plans to use an unusual interpretation of U.S. tax law to spread out taxes owed on his retirement package over the next decade instead of paying more than $70 million immediately. The Journal said the move could save Tillerson more than $10 million if Trump gets through the U.S. Congress a tax reform plan that cuts individual tax rates. ",1
6418,Trump rally makes stock options great again for some CEOs,"BOSTON (Reuters) - Donald Trump once described Jamie Dimon as “the worst banker in the United States,” but the president-elect has helped make the boss of JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N) $50 million richer. Dimon is the top beneficiary among the 30 chief executives who run companies in the Dow Jones Industrial Average index from a stock rally inspired by Trump’s election, according to a Reuters analysis of their option grants.  Trump’s proposed policies for lower taxes, less Wall Street regulation and more infrastructure spending have energized the U.S. stock market since the real estate magnate’s Nov. 8 victory.  The post-election rally even resurrected the value of an option award held by Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS.N) CEO Lloyd Blankfein that was worthless on the eve of the election.  Dimon, a lifelong Democrat, has seen his stock options surge in value by more than $50 million to $146 million since the Republican candidate’s White House win.  Trump criticized Dimon in 2013 for reaching a $13 billion settlement with the U.S. government over the sale of toxic mortgages instead of fighting the case. Nevertheless, he appointed Dimon to the President’s Strategic and Policy Forum, a group of high-profile business leaders he set up last month to advise him on economic growth and job creation.  Dimon declined to comment on Trump’s criticism or the rise in value of his holdings. Stock options held by Dow 30 CEOs surged in value by 23 percent to about $1 billion in 2016, with most of the gain coming after Trump’s election win.  The figures reflect outstanding stock options that could be exercised at the end of 2015. Options that expired or vested in 2016 were excluded from the analysis.  In a few cases, CEOs exercised some of those options during 2016, U.S. regulatory filings show. Visa Inc (V.N) CEO Charles Scharf did not need a Trump-led stock rally to hit the jackpot. About two weeks before the election, he exercised nearly 800,000 options for gross proceeds of almost $33 million, U.S. regulatory filings show. He resigned from Visa effective Dec. 1. For a look at how the post-election rally has affected Dow 30 stock options, click here (tmsnrt.rs/2iCbvvT)     Trump campaigned on the slogan “Make America Great Again,” vowing to bolster the prospects of the American working class by preventing jobs from moving abroad, restricting immigration and renegotiating trade pacts. In 2015, Trump called high salaries paid to CEOs a “joke” and a “disgrace” and said these were often approved by company boards stacked with CEOs’ friends. PRO-BUSINESS AGENDA To be sure, Trump’s election has helped investors big and small. Hopes of a pro-business agenda have driven the Dow 30 close to 20,000 - a level it has never breached - in a boon for workers’ retirement plans. “With the recent Trump/Republican win, it appears that investors are getting more excited about potential growth and animal spirits are on the rise,” top investment strategists at Morgan Stanley said this month in a wealth management report. “This is likely to lead to the final euphoric stage of this cyclical bull market which could be quite powerful in 2017’s first half.”    Big stock option gains for Goldman Sachs head Blankfein, American Express Co (AXP.N) CEO Kenneth Chenault and JP Morgan’s Dimon may be a surprise, given that their companies have reduced or even eliminated option grants in recent years in favor of stock awards tied to hitting financial targets. Blankfein’s 322,104 outstanding options, granted in 2007 with a $204.16 strike price, were under water by $7.3 million on the eve of the presidential election. But by the end of 2016, their value had soared to $11.4 million. That was an $18.7 million swing, thanks to the Trump-inspired stock market rally and the U.S. Federal Reserve’s decision to increase interest rates, a boost for banks and credit card companies. Blankfein declined to comment. Alan Johnson, managing director of pay consulting firm Johnson Associates in New York, said the big gains for the leaders of American Express, Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan reflect how stock option compensation can magnify gains in a company’s share price. “When the stock goes up, with options, you get more leverage,” he said. Critics of stock options say the grants can produce large amounts of wealth for CEOs even with mediocre performance. One reason is that grants often are not linked to any financial performance metric, such as return on equity. And so as the United States nears the eighth year of a bull market, options can increase in value even if the CEOs are running companies whose share price has lagged broad benchmarks during their tenure. For example, shares of Caterpillar Inc (CAT.N) rose 54 percent during Douglas Oberhelman’s tenure as CEO of the big equipment maker from mid-2010 to the end of 2016, while the Dow 30 more than doubled during that span.  But the value of Oberhelman’s options rallied during his last year as CEO, climbing to $20.3 million after being under water by nearly $9 million at the start of 2016. The options’ value got a $10.6 million booster shot after Trump’s victory. Caterpillar shares rose 36 percent in 2016, making it one of the best performing stocks on the Dow. Trump has said he would use Caterpillar tractors to build a wall between the United States and Mexico. Caterpillar and Oberhelman declined to comment. Not all CEOs have been winners, however. Coca-Cola Co (KO.N) CEO Muhtar Kent, who contributed $2,700 to Hillary Clinton, Trump’s Democratic rival for president, saw the value of his options decline by $11.3 million to $143 million.  Coca-Cola shares are off 3 percent since Trump was elected amid lingering concerns about consumers cutting their consumption of sugary drinks. A Coca-Cola spokesman declined to comment.  ",1
6419,Bill on tallying up regulation costs wins U.S. financial industry backing,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Financial lobbyists on Tuesday applauded a bill in the U.S. House of Representatives that would require the Securities and Exchange Commission to review the costs of rules before putting them into force, which is part of a broader push from Republicans to reform regulation. The legislation, introduced by Missouri Republican Ann Wagner, the newly minted chair of the financial services oversight subcommittee, is expected to go to the floor of the House on Thursday for a vote.  “The U.S. capital markets are the envy of the world and we believe it is critical to study any economic impact of a proposed rulemaking prior to its completion to protect investors, protect capital formation, and protect our markets,” said the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association, Wall Street’s primary trade group, in a letter to House leadership. The group added the bill would also require the SEC to periodically review its existing rules and analyze the effectiveness of its regulation.  Also on Thursday, a bill requiring the major derivatives regulator, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, to review costs of its proposals is scheduled to come to the House floor. Both bills come as Republicans work toward a broader overhaul of federal regulation. Banks, asset managers and others in the financial sector have said that regulations can often lead to unintended expenses and that there should be a way to understand how regulations from a variety of areas fit together when it comes to compliance costs.   The bills are expected to pass the House, which has approved similar measures that outgoing President Barack Obama, a Democrat, opposed. Currently, there is no companion legislation in the Senate. President-elect Donald Trump, a Republican, frequently said on the campaign trail that the costs of complying with federal regulation can hurt companies’ bottom lines. The SEC is already required to weigh the impact of its rules on efficiency, competition and capital formation. It beefed up efforts in recent years and issued new guidance on the subject after business groups including the Chamber of Commerce successfully beat back some rules in federal court. Wagner’s bill would go beyond those requirements in its enhanced cost-benefit analysis and existing rule review. It would also require the SEC to clearly identify the nature of the problems new rules are intended to solve. An SEC spokesman did not immediately respond to a request for comment on it.  ",1
6420,Russia hacked Republican state campaigns but not Trump's: FBI head,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Russia hacked into Republican state political campaigns and old email domains of the Republican National Committee but there is no evidence it successfully penetrated President-elect Donald Trump’s campaign, FBI Director James Comey said on Tuesday. Comey also told lawmakers Russia did not release information obtained from the state campaigns or the old RNC email domains, comments that may buttress the U.S. intelligence view that Moscow tried to help Trump against Democrat Hillary Clinton in the 2016 campaign. U.S. intelligence agencies on Friday released an assessment that Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered a covert effort to help Republican Trump’s electoral chances by discrediting Clinton.      The report, which omitted classified details, was the U.S. government’s starkest public description of what it says was a Russian effort to manipulate the American electoral process by leaking hacked emails from Democrats. Russia has denied interfering in the election but President Barack Obama expelled 35 Russian suspected spies from the United States and imposed sanctions on two Russian intelligence agencies last month in response to the allegations. Defense Secretary Ash Carter told a news conference on Tuesday those penalties were “a start and not the end” of U.S. retaliation for the hacks, and senior officials have suggested covert action may be taken. Comey told lawmakers the Federal Bureau of Investigation  “did not develop any evidence that the Trump campaign, or the current RNC, was successfully hacked.” He did not say whether Russia had tried to hack Trump’s campaign.        Trump has disputed the accusations of Russian cyber attacks during the election, but his incoming chief of staff said on Sunday that the New York businessman accepts the U.S. intelligence community’s conclusions that Russia was responsible, and that further action may be taken against Moscow. Comey declined to comment on whether or not the FBI might be investigating links between Russia and associates of Trump, who frequently called during the campaign for improved relations between Washington and Moscow.  The FBI director was pressed by Senator Ron Wyden, an Oregon Democrat, to publicly provide a declassified answer to the question before Jan. 20, the day Trump will be inaugurated, but Comey suggested he would unable to do so.             Comey appeared before the Senate Intelligence Committee along with the director of national intelligence, the head of the Central Intelligence Agency and the chief of the National Security Agency at a time of controversy in Washington about the 2016 election. Testifying before Congress for the first time since Trump beat Clinton on Nov. 8, Comey has been criticized by Democrats for statements about a separate investigation into Clinton’s use of a private email server as secretary of state. The controversy over Russia’s alleged role in attempting to influence the election has roiled Washington, with Democratic lawmakers calling for an independent commission to investigate the matter and Republicans worried that the affair might call into question the legitimacy of Trump’s victory. Comey said there was evidence Russia hacked Republican state-level political campaigns and “old” email domains that the RNC was no longer using. In contrast, Friday’s report assessed that Russian military intelligence used intermediaries such as WikiLeaks, DCLeaks.com and the Guccifer 2.0 “persona” to release emails that it had acquired from the Democratic National Committee and top Democrats as part of the effort to help Trump and harm Clinton.     The DNC denied “multiple requests” made by the FBI to examine its hacked servers, Comey said. He added that his agents relied on a forensic analysis conducted by the cyber security firm CrowdStrike, which was hired by the DNC to help clean up the hack when it was detected last spring.    Senior U.S. Republican and Democratic senators introduced legislation on Tuesday seeking to impose a wide range of sanctions on Russia over its cyber activities and actions in Syria and Ukraine.      ",1
6421,Trump calls Russia reports 'fake news - a total political witch hunt',"(Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump, in an apparent reference to media reports that the intelligence briefing he received last week included an unsubstantiated report that Russia had compromising information on him, said on Twitter on Tuesday: “FAKE NEWS - A TOTAL POLITICAL WITCH HUNT.” ",1
6422,Trump's choice for U.S. attorney general says he can stand up to him,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump’s pick for attorney general, Jeff Sessions, promised on Tuesday to stand up to Trump, his close ally and future boss, saying he would oppose a ban on Muslims entering the country and enforce a law against waterboarding even though he voted against the measure. Questioned for 10-1/2 hours by a U.S. Senate committee responsible for confirming his appointment, Sessions, a U.S. senator from Alabama, distanced himself from comments he had made defending Trump from criticism over a 2005 video that emerged in October showing Trump boasting about grabbing women’s genitals. At the time, Sessions told The Weekly Standard magazine he would not characterize the behavior as sexual assault. He later said the comments were taken out of context. Asked on Tuesday whether “grabbing a woman by her genitals without consent is ... sexual assault,” he replied: “Clearly, it would be.” With 10 days to go before Trump takes office, Sessions, 70, was the first Cabinet nominee to face questioning. He appeared before the Senate Judiciary Committee. Trump’s pick to run the Department of Homeland Security, retired Marine Corps General John Kelly, later went before the Homeland Security Committee. As attorney general, Sessions would serve as the top U.S. law enforcement officer and be responsible for giving unbiased legal advice to the president and executive agencies.     With that in mind, lawmakers from both Trump’s Republican Party and the Democratic Party sought to establish how closely Sessions hewed to Trump positions and whether he could put aside his staunchly conservative political positions to enforce laws he may personally oppose.     A senator since 1997, Sessions was widely expected to be confirmed by the Republican-controlled Senate.  Protesters accusing Sessions of having a poor record on human rights interrupted the Capitol Hill proceedings several times. Sessions said he would not support banning anyone from the United States on the basis of religion and that Trump’s intentions were to restrict people from countries harboring terrorists, not all Muslims. Elected on Nov. 8, Trump at one point campaigned on a proposal to temporarily ban Muslims from entering the country.  Sessions said he favored “higher intensity of vetting” for refugees seeking to enter the United States from countries that harbor terrorists but that he would oppose ending the U.S. refugee program. He also said he would enforce a 2015 law that outlawed waterboarding terrorism suspects even if it meant resisting Trump. The senator said he had voted against the law, believing those in high positions in the military and intelligence community should be able to do so.    During the campaign, Trump said waterboarding, which simulates drowning and is widely regarded as torture, was an effective technique and vowed to bring it back and make it “a hell of a lot worse.” More recently Trump has said retired Marine Corps General James Mattis, his nominee for secretary of defense, had persuasively argued against it.     Sessions said he would enforce laws upheld by the U.S. Supreme Court, even those he disagreed with, such as decisions making abortion and same-sex marriage legal. Sessions said the comments he made during the 2016 presidential campaign about Democrat Hillary Clinton’s email practices and charitable foundation would cloud the perception of impartiality if the Justice Department continued investigating Clinton. He said he would recuse himself and favored a special prosecutor to carry out any future investigations.  Trump, who defeated Clinton, said during the campaign that if elected, he would ask his attorney general to appoint a special prosecutor to see that Clinton go to prison for her use of a private email server while she was secretary of state and her relationship with her family’s charitable foundation.      Sessions said he agreed with Trump in opposing Democratic President Barack Obama’s executive action that granted temporary protection to immigrant children brought to the country illegally by their parents and would not oppose overturning it. Sessions, representing the deeply conservative Southern state of Alabama, has long opposed legislation that provides a path to citizenship for immigrants. He has also been a close ally of groups seeking to restrict legal immigration by placing limits on visas used by companies to hire foreign workers.  Sessions said he would be more aggressive in investigating and prosecuting abuses of the H-1B visa program, which he said allows companies to discriminate against American workers by hiring foreigners.  As head of the Justice Department, the attorney general oversees the immigration court system that decides whether immigrants are deported or granted asylum or some other kind of protection. Sessions renewed his criticism of the Obama administration for not being tougher on countries that refuse to take back criminal migrants ordered deported from the United States.  A key plank of Trump’s election campaign was his pledge to deport illegal immigrants and build a wall along the U.S. border with Mexico. Kelly told his hearing a physical barrier on its own is not enough to keep people and drugs from illegally entering the United States. In written testimony, Kelly said that “rapidly processing” and deporting immigrants in “significant numbers” would deter future illegal migration. The U.S. immigration court system has a backlog of over 500,000 cases awaiting a decision on deportation, asylum or some other kind of protection. Many migrants arriving at the U.S.-Mexico border are given a notice to appear in court one to three years in the future.  Before the Judiciary Committee, Sessions several times defended himself against charges of racism. He said allegations that he harbored sympathies toward the Ku Klux Klan, a violent white supremacist organization, were false.  “I abhor the Klan and what it represents and its hateful ideology,” Sessions said in his opening remarks. Sessions was denied confirmation to a federal judgeship in 1986 after allegations emerged that he made racist remarks, including testimony that he called an African-American prosecutor “boy,” an allegation Sessions denied.   Democratic Senator Dianne Feinstein said the Senate Judiciary Committee had received letters from 400 civil rights organizations opposing his confirmation to the country’s top law enforcement post. ",1
6423,"Clinton, other former top diplomats mark new diplomacy center","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Four current and former U.S. secretaries of state, including Hillary Clinton, gathered at the State Department on Tuesday to mark the ceremonial opening of a museum on American diplomacy. The privately funded U.S. Diplomacy Center will formally open in 2018. It includes an exhibition hall named after Clinton, who lost the November presidential election to Republican Donald Trump. Other halls in the nonpartisan center are named for U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and predecessors Henry Kissinger and James Baker.  In the light-filled hall named in Clinton’s honor, marked by glass walls and a glass roof, she joked that it “is the most transparent part” of the center, an apparent reference to the controversy over her use of a private email server which dogged her presidential ambitions. In her brief remarks, Clinton did not mention Trump or the campaign. She said that democracy, freedom and the rule of law were under attack around the world and that the world faced “a rising tide of authoritarianism and illiberalism.” “The longstanding bipartisan goal of a Europe that is whole, free and at peace is under enormous pressure,” she said. “We should remember that the world looks to America as the indispensable nation not just because of the size of our military or the strength of our economy,” she said. “It looks to us because America stands for universal values and aspirations. And if we stay true to those values like the best of the men and women whose leadership and service will be commemorated here, then our country will weather every storm on the horizon.” Former top U.S. diplomats Madeleine Albright, who will donate her personal collection of more than 200 pins to the center, and Colin Powell also spoke at the ceremony.  Supporters of the center include private American companies Boeing Co, Intel Corp and FedEx Corp; the Kuwaiti, Qatari, United Arab Emirates and Brunei governments; and the Clinton Family Foundation, according to a panel in the exhibition hall. Nearly $48 million in private sector funds have been raised for the center, and $18 million more is needed, according to the website of the Diplomacy Center Foundation created to support the museum. ",1
6424,Trump to Republicans: Act swiftly to replace Obamacare,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump on Tuesday pressured fellow Republicans working to repeal Obamacare in Congress to pass a replacement for the healthcare law at the same time or soon after they vote to dismantle it. Trump told the New York Times he wanted a substitute for President Barack Obama's 2010 healthcare law done ""very quickly or simultaneously"" to the vote to get rid of it. (nyti.ms/2ia9qLk) The law, popularly known as Obamacare, has enabled millions of previously uninsured Americans to obtain health insurance, but Republicans condemn it as a government overreach. With Trump set to succeed Obama on Jan. 20, Republicans, who control both chambers of Congress, face a dilemma. They have a chance to make good on their promise to gut the law, but forging an agreement on a replacement plan has eluded them.  If Congress does not put in place a substitute, millions of Americans with the insurance may be at risk of losing coverage. The law extended insurance coverage to uninsured Americans by expanding the Medicaid program for the poor and creating online exchanges where people can shop for health insurance plans. It also provides subsidies to help individuals and families afford those plans. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said on Tuesday that some elements of an insurance substitute likely would be ready when lawmakers vote to repeal Obamacare, but others would take longer.  Some Republicans have said it could take up to two years to craft a replacement. Trump said a delay of that length was unacceptable, telling the Times: “It won’t be repeal and then two years later go in with another plan.” Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell said Trump’s comments were “not inconsistent” with lawmakers’ plans. The Senate is set to vote this week on a timeline to draft legislation repealing Obamacare. If it passes, the House would vote next. But a vote to actually repeal the law would come later. Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer said Republicans were mired in “internecine fights” and called on Trump to publish his own Obamacare substitute.  Trump during the 2016 election campaign put forth general principles for health reform, such as removing the mandate that all Americans have insurance or pay a tax and expanding the use of tax-free health savings accounts, but he did not release a full plan. “If they are repealing, they have an obligation to show us a full replacement plan, not just a little piece of it,” Schumer said. “And once they show us that plan, we’ll give them our opinion of it.” U.S. Senator Lamar Alexander, a Republican who heads the health committee, said some Obamacare replacement steps need to be in place before March 1, when insurance companies will be deciding whether to offer plans for 2018. In a speech on Tuesday, Alexander said interim steps could include letting people use Obamacare subsidies to purchase other plans or giving states flexibility to determine which benefits insurance plans must cover.  House Speaker Ryan said Republicans would like to pack whatever replacement provisions they can into repeal legislation. Because the Senate plans to use a budget procedure known as reconciliation, they only need majority support in the 100-member Senate where Republicans hold 52 seats. Republican Senator Orrin Hatch, who heads the finance panel, said Senate rules for the reconciliation process could make it difficult to put replacement provisions in the repeal bill. “If he can come up with something that would help push this forward, I’d be all for it,” Hatch said of Ryan. ",1
6425,Robert Kennedy Jr. says tapped by Trump to head vaccine safety review,"CHICAGO (Reuters) - Vaccination skeptic Robert F. Kennedy Jr. said he would chair a presidential panel to review vaccine safety and science at U.S. President-elect Donald Trump’s request, drawing fierce criticism from vaccine experts who fear such a panel would give credence to debunked theories tying childhood immunizations to autism.  “President-elect Trump has some doubts about the current vaccine policy, and he has questions about it,” Kennedy, who has raised questions about the safety of vaccines, told reporters after a meeting with Trump in New York on Tuesday.  “He asked me to chair a commission on vaccine safety and scientific integrity. I said I would,” said Kennedy. However, Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks later told Reuters that, while the president-elect was exploring the possibility of forming a committee on autism, “no decisions have been made at this time.” Kennedy, an environmentalist and lawyer, is the son of the late U.S. Senator Robert F. Kennedy of New York and the nephew of assassinated Democratic President John F. Kennedy.  Vaccine experts decried the announcement by a vaccination skeptic that he would head a panel to explore the safety of vaccines and their purported link with autism. The association was raised by a paper published in the British medical journal in The Lancet in 1998 that claimed to find a connection between the measles, mumps and rubella (MMR) vaccine and autism. That paper has been debunked, and The Lancet withdrew the study. Since then, numerous studies have affirmed the safety of the vaccine. The American Academy of Pediatrics said vaccines are “the most significant medical innovation of our time,” adding that claims that vaccines are linked to autism or are unsafe have been disproven “by a robust body of medical literature.” In addition to measles, mumps and rubella, vaccines protect children and adults against a wide variety of deadly or crippling diseases, including polio, typhoid, diphtheria and tetanus. Dr. William Schaffner, an infectious disease expert at Vanderbilt University’s medical school in Nashville, Tennessee, who advises the federal panel that sets U.S. vaccine policy, said the Kennedy news reinforces the concerns of public health officials, pediatricians and family doctors.  Schaffner said Kennedy has “raised issues that have been settled securely and completely by good science.” Nevertheless, concerns have persisted over a link between vaccines and autism, a range of symptoms that often includes difficulties with communication and social interaction. Kennedy, 62, said Trump, 70, was “very pro-vaccine, as am I,” but said, “Everybody ought to be able to be assured that the vaccines that we have (are) ... as safe as they possibly can be.” In 2014, Trump, a New York businessman who was not yet a presidential candidate, posted on Twitter, “I believe in vaccinations but not massive, all at once, shots. Too much for small child to handle. Govt. should stop NOW!” Kennedy in 2005 wrote an article for Rolling Stone magazine and the Salon.com website asserting that the government was conspiring to cover up the connections between autism and thimerosal, a mercury-based preservative formerly used in vaccines. Salon.com later retracted the article because of factual errors, and Rolling Stone deleted it. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, there is no evidence of harm caused by thimerosal in vaccines. Thimerosal was never used in the MMR vaccine. CDC said research does not show a link between thimerosal in vaccines and autism. As a precaution, it was removed from childhood vaccines in the United States in 2001. Daniel Johnson, a pediatric infectious disease expert at University of Chicago Medicine, said he thought yet another investigation into vaccine safety was a waste of public money. “There’s already many systems in place to provide oversight, to record data, which is constantly being reviewed by many in government and the scientific community,” Johnson said. “There is no need for still yet another system for doing this.” Johnson said he was “very concerned” that parents may delay getting their children vaccinated as they await word from a vaccination safety panel, which could result in “increased harm, illness and potentially death” of children from diseases that could be prevented by vaccines. ",1
6426,U.S. Senate hearings delayed for three wealthy Trump nominees,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate has postponed confirmation hearings for three nominees to serve in President-elect Donald Trump’s Cabinet, all wealthy people with wide-ranging potential conflicts of interest, including billionaire Wilbur Ross for Commerce secretary. The Senate Commerce Committee said on Tuesday it was moving Ross’s hearing to Jan. 18 from Jan. 12 because Ross has not completed all of the necessary government paperwork. Trump takes office on Jan. 20. “While Mr. Ross has submitted his responses to the committee’s questionnaire, we have not yet received the ethics agreement he is working on with the Office of Government Ethics and the Department of Commerce to finalize,” the panel’s Republican and Democratic leaders said in a joint statement. The Ross delay came shortly after postponements of hearings for Trump’s choices to head the Education and Labor departments. The Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee delayed a hearing for Betsy DeVos, the billionaire Republican donor tapped for Education secretary, to Jan. 17 from Jan. 11. The committee’s Republican majority said on Twitter on Monday that it had moved DeVos’s hearing at the request of Senate leadership to accommodate its schedule. DeVos is a former chair of the Michigan Republican Party and an advocate for the privatization of education. The same panel had tentatively slated a confirmation hearing for fast-food executive Andy Puzder, Trump’s selection for Labor secretary, for Jan. 17. With DeVos’s hearing moved to that date, the committee said it had no specific date selected for Puzder’s hearing and may not hold it until February. Puzder has submitted his paperwork to the Office of Government Ethics, according to a Trump transition staffer. Puzder is chief executive of CKE Restaurants Inc [APOLOT.UL], which runs the Carl’s Jr. and Hardee’s fast-food chains. He has been a critic of government regulation of the workplace and the National Labor Relations Board. ",1
6427,Christie to battle New Jersey's drug abuse problem in last year as governor,"(Reuters) - New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, trying to redeem himself at home and nationally after a scandal-tarred 2016, said on Tuesday he will make tackling New Jersey’s spiraling drug-abuse epidemic the focus of his last year in office. Beginning his eighth and final year as governor, the former Republican presidential contender touted achievements - including reducing the size of state government, trimming taxes and lowering the unemployment rate - in his annual State of the State address. Christie’s approval rating has tanked to 18 percent in his home state in the most recent polls after he spent much of 2015 traveling outside of New Jersey during his presidential campaign. He is not eligible for a third term and will stand down next January. His national political career has also waned since the Bridgegate scandal involving his former top aides tarnished his reputation. After a trial late last year, two of Christie’s former aides were convicted of fraud and conspiracy and have asked for a new trial in the politically motivated scheme to close traffic lanes on the George Washington Bridge, the world’s busiest. While Christie has not been charged and denied having advance knowledge of the scheme, the controversy helped diminish his role on President-elect Donald Trump’s transition team.  New Jersey had also not recovered jobs after the recession as quickly as neighboring states and suffered 10 credit rating downgrades during Christie’s tenure. Democrats, who control the state legislature and could retake the governor’s office in the state’s November election, said they would work with Christie to lower drug abuse deaths, according to Assembly Speaker Vincent Prieto. Christie said tackling drug addiction also touches schools, law enforcement and residents’ financial security.  “Drug addiction is a disease. It is not a moral failing. It is a disease that can be treated,” he said. He wants to limit prescription of painkillers and said the state Attorney General should, “if necessary,” open an investigation into doctors’ prescribing practices and their interactions with drug makers. “Profit, by physicians or the pharmaceutical industry, must never be a rationale for contributing to the death of our citizens by overprescribing of these drugs,” he said. With several major pharmaceutical and biotech companies headquartered in New Jersey, it has long been considered the “medicine chest of the world,” though it has experienced job declines in recent years.     The state is launching a website, reachnj.gov, and a hotline, among other measures to battle addiction.  ",1
6428,Bridgewater executive McCormick declines Defense Department role,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - David McCormick has declined an offer to be U.S. deputy secretary of defense in President-elect Donald Trump’s administration, a person familiar with the situation said on Tuesday. It had been unclear how seriously McCormick - an Army veteran and former federal official who is now president of the world’s largest hedge fund manager, Bridgewater Associates LP - had been considered for the post. McCormick, who had previously been under consideration to be Treasury Secretary, declined partly because he is happy with his job at Bridgewater and the government role was not the right fit, said the person, who requested anonymity because the information is private.  Westport, Connecticut-based Bridgewater declined to comment. McCormick did not immediately respond to an email seeking comment. The news of his withdrawal was first reported by Bloomberg. The Washington Post said the Trump team was considering keeping the current deputy defense secretary, Robert Work, on for at least several months. Retired Marine General James “Mad Dog” Mattis has been nominated to be Trump’s defense secretary, succeeding current Pentagon chief Ash Carter. Before joining Bridgewater, McCormick, a West Point graduate, was both a White House adviser and U.S. Treasury under secretary for international affairs under Republican President George W. Bush.  ",1
6429,U.S. response to Russia hacking 'not the end': Carter,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter said on Tuesday that the United States’ response so far to Russia orchestrating hacks during the 2016 presidential campaign was just the start. “Some responses have been made. I think you should regard that as a start and not the end,” Carter said during a news briefing at the Pentagon alongside the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Marine General Joseph Dunford. Last month, President Barack Obama ordered the expulsion of 35 Russian suspected spies and imposed sanctions on two intelligence agencies over their involvement in hacking U.S. political groups in the 2016 presidential election. The Kremlin has said the U.S. hacking allegations are “reminiscent of a witch-hunt.” ",1
6430,"U.S. lawmakers want Russia sanctions over hacking, Ukraine, Syria","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Republican and Democratic senators said Tuesday they want to slap a wide range of sanctions on Russia over its cyber activities and actions in Syria and Ukraine, and force President Donald Trump to formally waive them if he has objections. Ten senators - Republicans John McCain, Lindsey Graham, Marco Rubio, Ben Sasse and Rob Portman and Democrats Ben Cardin, Robert Menendez, Jeanne Shaheen, Amy Klobuchar and Richard Durbin - introduced the legislation and said they hoped to add more sponsors and push Senate leaders to allow a vote. A sanctions bill with similar provisions is being written in the House of Representatives, led by Democrats Eliot Engel, the Foreign Affairs Committee ranking member, and Gerald Connolly, a panel member. The measures could set up a showdown with the administration of Trump, a Republican who takes office on Jan. 20 and has repeatedly praised Russian President Vladimir Putin and criticized intelligence officials for findings linking him to attempts to influence the 2016 presidential election.  The Senate bill was introduced a day before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee holds its confirmation hearing for Trump’s nominee to be secretary of state, Rex Tillerson, who worked for years with Putin’s government as chief executive of Exxon Mobil. Cardin, the panel’s top Democrat, said Tillerson would be questioned about whether he would support the sanctions. “This is about protecting the security of America,” he told a news conference. The bill would impose visa bans and freeze the assets of people “who engage in significant activities undermining the cyber security of public or private infrastructure and democratic institutions” or those who aid such activities. It would also impose sanctions on those who engage with the Russian defense or intelligence sectors, which could affect international companies doing business with Russia. It also puts into law sanctions on Russia that President Barack Obama imposed via executive order late last month. U.S. lawmakers have long called for a tougher response to Russian annexation of Ukraine’s Crimea region and intervention in the Syrian civil war on behalf of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. Their impatience has increased since intelligence agencies released a report Friday saying Putin ordered a campaign to try to sway the 2016 U.S. election in Trump’s favor. “We have to respond to Vladimir Putin’s behavior and if we don’t, he will continue unchecked,” McCain said. The bill also sets new sanctions over Ukraine and Syria, including putting into law four executive orders from the Obama administration sanctioning Russia over its actions in Ukraine. Among other things, it would mandate sanctions on large investments in Russia’s ability to develop its petroleum and natural gas resources. It would let the president waive the sanctions, but only if he certified that Russia is making progress on complying with international agreements and improving its record on human rights. Graham said he would push Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell to allow the measure to come up for a vote, predicting strong bipartisan support in the Senate. Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer announced he supports the bill. “I’m not going to let 2017 go by and not challenge what Russia did. This is the best way to challenge them,” Graham said. A McConnell spokesman responded only that he had no scheduling updates. Lawmakers from both parties have raised questions about the decades Tillerson spent working with Russia’s government as an executive at the oil company, his ties to Putin and past criticism of U.S. sanctions on Russia. ",1
6431,"Report on Russian hacking relied on human sources, technical collection: U.S. spy chief","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Director of National Intelligence James Clapper said on Tuesday the U.S. intelligence community’s report concluding that Russia orchestrated  hacks during the 2016 presidential campaign was based on a mix of human sources, collection of technical data and open-source information. Clapper, speaking before the Senate Intelligence Committee, said much of the report is classified due to a need to protect sensitive sources and methods. In an assessment released last week, U.S. intelligence agencies said Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered an effort to help Republican Donald Trump’s electoral chances by discrediting Democrat Hillary Clinton in the 2016 campaign. ",1
6432,Russia has tried to influence elections in 'couple dozen' countries: U.S. spy chief,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Russia has tried to influence elections in at least “a couple dozen” countries, Director of National Intelligence James Clapper said on Tuesday. Russia continues to be a bold actor in cyberspace across the globe, Clapper testified before the Senate Intelligence Committee. ",1
6433,"Amid hacking row, pressure builds on Trump to soften pro-Russia rhetoric","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump is finding himself caught between his desire to improve relations with Russia and fellow Republicans who are pushing for a harsher response to what American spy agencies say was the Kremlin’s meddling in the U.S. presidential election. The tacit acknowledgement on Sunday by his incoming chief of staff, Reince Priebus, that Russia was behind the hacking of Democratic Party organizations suggests that Trump’s maneuvering room could be shrinking. Trump has long been dismissive of the U.S. intelligence conclusion that Russia was behind the election hacks, which Russia has denied, or was trying to help him win the November ballot, saying the intrusions could have been carried out by China or a 400-pound hacker sitting on his bed. But following a report from U.S. intelligence agencies last week blaming Russian President Vladimir Putin, Russia experts say Trump will face growing calls for a stiff military, diplomatic, economic, and perhaps also covert response after his Jan. 20 inauguration.  “The new U.S. administration will need to adopt a significantly tougher line,” said Nile Gardiner of the Heritage Foundation, a conservative think tank in Washington that is an influential voice in Trump’s transition team.     Republicans in Congress wary of Trump’s push for detente with Putin could pressure the new president to withhold the thing the Russian leader wants most: a rapid easing of the economic sanctions imposed after Russia’s 2014 annexation of Ukraine’s Crimea and its support for separatists in eastern Ukraine, the Russia experts said. U.S. intelligence agencies say that since the election, Russian spies have turned to hacking other individuals and organizations, including prominent think-tanks, in what analysts think is an effort to gain insights into future U.S. policies. Washington’s Brookings Institution, which is headed by prominent Russia expert Strobe Talbott, “received a big wave of attacks the day after the election,” but there is no reason to believe its systems have been compromised, said David Nassar, the think tank’s vice president for communications.  Republican Senator Lindsey Graham said he and fellow Republican John McCain, the chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, would introduce legislation with stronger sanctions than the ones now in place. “We’re going to introduce sanctions that ... will hit them in the financial sector and the energy sector, where they’re the weakest,” Graham told NBC television’s Meet the Press. Retired Marine General James Mattis, the nominee for secretary of defense who will face a Senate confirmation hearing on Thursday, is expected to advocate a stronger line against Moscow than the one Trump outlined during his election campaign.That could put him at odds with Trump’s national security adviser, retired Army Lieutenant General Michael Flynn, who has had warmer relations with Putin’s government, and with Rex Tillerson, the nominee for secretary of state, who as CEO of ExxonMobil had extensive business ties with Russia. If Mattis does push for a tougher approach to Russia, that could empower U.S. advocates for strengthening the American military presence in Europe. That could include reinforcing U.S. troops in the Baltic states and Poland, analysts say. NATO already plans to deploy 4,000 additional troops, planes, tanks and artillery to the three former Soviet republics in the Baltics and Poland this year. “There is nervousness about Trump among Europeans at NATO,” said one European diplomat. “Any grand bargain with Russia would fundamentally change NATO’s course and threaten Europe with disunity,” the diplomat said. “But we don’t expect that. NATO is seeking to reassure Baltic allies, and the United States is a big part of the deterrent.”  Some advocates of a sterner response to the Russian hacking say it should include cyber counterattacks, perhaps by leaking financial information embarrassing to some of Putin’s aides and close associates. So far, the Obama administration has refrained from such action, at least publicly, for fear that it could lead to an escalating cyberwar that could threaten critical infrastructure such as financial transactions and energy transmission. Although Trump has said the nation needed to “move on to bigger and better things” following the U.S. disclosure of alleged Russian hacking, it appears that Republican and Democratic lawmakers are unlikely to drop the issue anytime soon. McCain told NBC he wanted to create a select committee to investigate the Russian hacking, if he can convince the Republican-controlled Senate’s leaders to charge their minds.  In the meantime, he said, key Senate committees, including Armed Services and Intelligence, will investigate. Experts say the close scrutiny of Russia’s actions will come just as Trump’s administration starts to craft a comprehensive strategy on the former Cold War foe. It is likely to be weeks or longer before a clear sense of Trump’s actual Russia strategy comes into view. “Until there’s a team in place, until there’s a little more organization … I tend to think we’re not going to have clear answers,” said Heather Conley, a former deputy assistant secretary of state for Europe now at the Center for Strategic and International Studies. ",1
6434,"Kerry warns of 'authoritarian populism,' takes jab at Trump tweets","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry on Tuesday warned of the dangers of authoritarian populism and offered a thinly veiled critique of Donald Trump’s prolific use of Twitter, saying it allowed the president-elect to avoid accountability. In his most pointed public comments about Trump since the Nov. 8 presidential election, Kerry also suggested that the president-elect’s Cabinet nominees were getting a free pass from Congress for failing to submit tax returns and other documentation before their Senate confirmation hearings.  “Every country in the world better ... start worrying about authoritarian populism and the absence of substance in our dialogue,” Kerry told a Washington forum. “If policies are going to be made in 140 characters on Twitter, and every reasonable measurement of accountability is being bypassed, and people don’t care about it, we have a problem,” Kerry said. As an example of the absence of substance in the political debate, he said climate change was given short shrift during the campaign between Trump and Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton. He contrasted his own vetting for secretary of state and the paperwork he had to provide with exceptions he said are being made for Trump Cabinet nominees before their confirmation hearings. In December, Senate Foreign Relations Committee chairman Bob Corker said the panel had not asked Rex Tillerson, Trump’s choice for secretary of state, to provide his tax returns, which Corker said was in accordance with precedent. Tillerson, the former chairman and chief executive of ExxonMobil Corp (XOM.N), has not submitted tax returns, but his financial disclosure and ethics agreement has been made public. Kerry, a former senator and 2004 Democratic presidential nominee who became President Barack Obama’s secretary of state in 2013, said it is “quite amazing when you think the hoops I had to jump through with respect to papers submitted, documentation submitted and tax returns. ... Suddenly that’s not as important.” Asked if he believed Trump’s nominees were getting “a free pass,” Kerry chuckled and dodged the question. Walter Shaub, director of the federal Office of Government Ethics, said in a letter to senators last week that he had “great concern” about the hearing schedule for Trump nominees who had not completed the ethics review process, and said it would be “cause for alarm if the Senate were to go forward with hearings on nominees whose reports OGE has not certified.” With 10 days to go before Trump takes office, Kerry said there had been few high-level contacts between current State Department officials and Trump’s transition team. Asked about the transition at a forum at the nonpartisan U.S. Institute of Peace, Kerry said, “It’s going pretty smoothly because there’s not an enormous amount of it.” “There are some people who have been in the building for a period of time, but you know quite candidly, I think there has not been a lot of high-level exchange at this point in time,” Kerry said.     Kerry said he had not yet met with Tillerson, but expected to do so soon. Kerry and Tillerson spoke last month by telephone, according to the State Department.  A spokeswoman for the Trump transition team said she had no comment on Kerry’s remarks. Tillerson’s Senate confirmation hearing is scheduled for Wednesday, and will be closely watched in part due to concerns about his relationship with Russia as ExxonMobil’s top executive. Trump has called for better ties with Russia, while some fellow Republicans in Congress are pushing for a harsher response to what American intelligence agencies have concluded was Kremlin meddling in the presidential election. ",1
6435,"Trump calls for immediate Obamacare repeal, quick replacement: NYT","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump urged congressional Republicans to repeal Obamacare immediately on Tuesday, saying there was no cause for delay and that a replacement plan should follow the repeal within weeks, according to an interview with the New York Times. “We have to get to business. Obamacare has been a catastrophic event,” Trump was quoted as saying in the Times. He said he wanted a repeal vote next week and said he would not accept a delay of more than a few weeks for a replacement. ",1
6436,About 11.5 million people signed up for Obamacare plans November 1-December 24,"(Reuters) - Roughly 11.5 million people signed up for individual health plan coverage under U.S. President Barack Obama’s Affordable Care Act between Nov. 1 and Dec. 24, an increase of 286,000 from a year earlier, according to government figures released on Tuesday. The report includes data from all 50 states and the District of Columbia and is the first time the government has released data from the state-run marketplaces. Of the total enrolled population, 8.7 million people signed up for federally run plans through Healthcare.gov. The figures, released by the Department of Health and Human Services, said the total included 8.9 million returning consumers and 2.6 million new ones. The report comes as the U.S. Senate takes its first steps toward repealing the Affordable Care Act, known also as Obamacare, which extended health insurance coverage to some 20 million people who previously did not have coverage. The health bill came under intense criticism during the last few weeks of the 2016 election campaign after the government released figures showing 2017 Healthcare.gov premiums would rise by 25 percent compared with 2016. ",1
6437,Mexico again says there is 'no way' it will pay for Trump wall,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexico’s new Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray said on Tuesday there is no way his country will pay for the wall that U.S. President-elect Donald Trump has pledged to build on the United States’ southern border to keep out illegal immigrants. “There’s no way that could happen,” Videgaray said on Mexican television a few days after his appointment.  “There are no circumstances...not even the best possible trade deal, investments, support which would justify taking a step that would violate the dignity of Mexicans to such an extent.” The wall has been a bone of contention between Trump and Mexico since the businessman launched his presidential campaign in June 2015, accusing Mexico of sending rapists and drug dealers across the border into the United States. Trump said on Friday that Mexico would repay the United States for the wall, a day after news emerged that the New Yorker’s transition team was exploring getting the Republican-led Congress to vote to approve the funding. Previously Mexico’s finance minister, Videgaray played a key role in setting up Trump’s hastily arranged visit to Mexico City at the end of August, which turned into a public relations disaster for President Enrique Pena Nieto. Videgaray stepped down as finance minister a week later. Officials say he has played an important role in informal talks with Trump’s transition team, particularly his son-in-law Jared Kushner who is set to become a senior White House adviser. During the television interview, Videgaray said he had a “very favorable impression” of Kushner, whom he described as “extraordinarily competent.” Contact with Kushner had come about through connections on Wall Street, Videgaray said. Videgaray said setting up a meeting between Pena Nieto and Trump once the American takes office on Jan. 20 was a priority. Trump has vowed to ditch a joint trade deal with Mexico if he cannot renegotiate it in the United States’ favor, and has threatened to slap a hefty border tax on goods produced in Mexico, notably from its burgeoning automobile sector. Last week Ford abruptly canceled a planned $1.6 billion investment in Mexico, and Trump promptly thanked the firm. “I think the uncertainty (over trade) is doing a lot of harm to investment decisions in the automotive sector and many other sectors,” Videgaray said. The foreign minister said Mexico would also need to undertake more trade missions than ever before in 2017 in Asia, Europe and Latin America to diversify its base.     ",1
6438,Departing U.S. trade chief warns against withdrawing from TPP,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama’s departing chief trade negotiator warned the Trump administration on Tuesday that it risked abdicating U.S. leadership in Asia by scrapping Obama’s 12-country Pacific Rim free trade deal. Michael Froman, in excerpts of his final speech as U.S. Trade Representative, said he agreed with Trump’s plan to take a tough stance on trade with China, adding that the Obama administration has filed 15 challenges to that country’s practices at the World Trade Organization over eight years. But he said withdrawing from the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade agreement would create a vacuum that China would fill as it draws countries into its own free trade deal. “There simply is no way to reconcile a get-tough-on-China policy with withdrawing from TPP,” Froman in remarks to the Washington International Trade Association. “That would be the biggest gift any U.S. president could give China, one with broad and deep consequences, economic and strategic.” The U.S. Congress has not approved the TPP, which the United States, Japan, Canada, Mexico and eight other countries agreed upon in October 2015. President-elect Donald Trump has pledged to issue a formal notice of withdrawal from TPP on Jan. 20, his first day in office. He frequently criticized the trade deal during his campaign, calling it a “rape of our country.”    Froman said withdrawing would “abdicate” U.S. leadership in the Asia-Pacific region and effectively push traditional U.S. allies in the region “into China’s arms.”  China is negotiating a 16-country trade bloc that he said would set lower standards for labor, the environment, intellectual property rights, internet freedom and other key areas.    “It would be a strategic miscalculation of enormous proportions,” said Froman, who spent all eight years of the Obama administration, both as a White House deputy national security adviser and as USTR, working to promote and negotiate the TPP deal. “Why would we cede our role as a Pacific power?” he said.  “Does anyone really think U.S. interests are better served if China, rather than the U.S., writes the rules of the road?” Without the TPP, he said, new export opportunities would be lost and current export market share would be eroded. Froman’s successor will be Robert Lighthizer, a veteran Washington trade lawyer who has taken a more protectionist route, working through the Commerce Department to erect tariffs to benefit the U.S. steel industry and other manufacturers.  Lighthizer was deputy USTR in the Reagan administration at a time when the United States took a tougher stance against a flood of imports from Japan.  ",1
6439,"Britain in 'front seat' for U.S. trade deal, top Republican says","LONDON (Reuters) - Britain will be in the “front seat” to negotiate a new trade deal with the incoming administration of Donald Trump, a top Republican in the United States Senate said, the BBC reported. Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Bob Corker said after meeting British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson that a trade deal between the two countries would be a priority as Britain prepares to leave the European Union. Last year, ahead of the Brexit vote, President Barack Obama exhorted Britons to stay in the EU and warned that if they left they would be at “the back of the queue” for a U.S. trade deal. Corker said Johnson knows full well that “there is no way the United Kingdom is going to take a back seat”. “They will take a front seat and I think it will be our priority to make sure that we deal with them on a trade agreement initially but in all respects in a way that demonstrates the long-term friendship that we’ve had for so long,” Corker was quoted as saying by the BBC. Trump, while a candidate for the U.S. presidency, hailed Brexit as a “great thing” when visiting Scotland the day after the vote, though Britain cannot sign a trade deal until it leaves the EU which under current plans will likely be in 2019.  After visits to see aides in Trump Tower in New York and meet members of Congress in Washington, Johnson said there had been a “huge fund of goodwill” towards Britain and a desire to move quickly on a trade deal. “They want to do it and they want to do it fast and that understanding was most vivid and most urgent on the part of the incoming administration,” he told parliament on Tuesday when asked about his trip. Speaking earlier, Johnson also described the incoming Trump administration as having a “very exciting agenda of change” and stressed that close relations between the two countries were not under threat. “We are America’s principal partner in working for global security and, of course, we are great campaigners for free trade,” Johnson was quoted as saying by the Guardian newspaper. “We hear that we are first in line to do a great free trade deal with the United States. So it’s going to be a very exciting year for both our countries.” ",1
6440,Kremlin says Senate sanctions move an attempt to prolong U.S.-Russia enmity,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Proposed Senate legislation to impose sanctions on Russia over allegations it tried to influence the U.S. presidential election are an attempt to prolong the harm already done to U.S.-Russian ties, the Kremlin said on Tuesday. “That’s the internal affair of the United States but we see continuing attempts to exclude any kind of dialogue between our two countries and attempts, blow-by-blow, to do further harm to the prospects for our bilateral relations,” Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told a conference call with reporters when asked about the legislation. Republican Senator John McCain and Democratic Senators Ben Cardin and Robert Menendez said on Monday they would introduce legislation to impose “comprehensive” sanctions on Russia over its attempts to influence the 2016 U.S. election. Peskov said separate U.S. sanctions announced on Monday, on several Russian officials linked to the so-called Magnitsky Affair, were fresh steps towards the “degradation of relations” between Moscow and Washington. ",1
6441,Exclusive: Trump pulled out of project in ex-Soviet Georgia to avoid conflict of interest - ex-partner,"TBILISI (Reuters) - The Trump Organization pulled out of a $250-million real estate project in ex-Soviet Georgia to avoid a potential conflict with Donald Trump’s role as president, Trump’s former business partner in the project told Reuters. The Trump Organization declined to comment on the assertion that it quit the project due to conflict-of-interest concerns, and the Trump transition team did not respond to a request for comment. Since winning election as U.S. president, Donald Trump has said he would take steps to ensure he had no conflict of interests with his business. However, he has given few details on how he will do that. Trump planned to give his brand name to Georgian developer Silk Road Group, to build a 47-storey residential tower in the Georgian Black Sea resort of Batumi, a plan he had announced during his visit to the South Caucasus country in April 2012. SRG and the Trump Organization announced their joint decision to terminate the project last week, but did not elaborate on the reasons.  “The only reason (for project termination) was that Mr. Trump was elected as the U.S. president and could not continue business abroad as it would pose a conflict of interest,” Giorgi Ramishvili, SRG head, told Reuters in an interview. “I appreciate that the Trump Organization said in the statement that it had continued to hold our company and Georgia in the highest regard.” Federal law does not prohibit the president’s involvement in private business while in office, even though lawmakers and executive branch officials are subject to conflict-of-interest rules. Nevertheless, Trump has come under pressure from Democrats, and some of his Republican allies, to avoid any conflict of interests. Trump has said he plans to transfer control of his businesses to his oldest three children. Georgia will present the White House with a thorny foreign policy problem. A close U.S. ally seeking membership of NATO, it accuses Russia of propping up separatists in two breakaway regions on its territory. That could complicate Trump’s drive for friendlier relations with Russian President Vladimir Putin. Asked to comment on the reasons for pulling out of the Georgia project, the Trump Organization sent Reuters a joint statement with SRG announcing the decision but not giving a reason. Alan Garten, the Trump Organization’s general counsel, said the organization stood by its statement and declined to comment on Ramishvili’s assertion the deal was cancelled due to conflict-of-interest concerns. The Trump transition team, which typically defers to the Trump Organization on business issues, did not respond to a request for comment. The Trump Organization has canceled licensing deals in  some other countries, including Brazil and Azerbaijan, but has not publicly cited conflict of interest concerns as the reason for those decisions. Ramishvili said his company, one of the largest private investment companies in the South Caucasus, would still go ahead with the Batumi tower project. He said his company was ready to invest not less than the $250 million that was originally planned. “It won’t have Trump’s name, but it may be called the Fifth Avenue Tower as it will look similar to the Trump Tower in New York,” Ramishvili said. Ramishvili said he believed Trump would “keep Georgia on his mind” during his presidency. “I’m sure that President Trump will always remember positive emotions that he had during his visit to our country, when he dubbed Georgia as one of the amazing places in the world,” Ramishvili said. “I’m happy that I’ve brought this iconic figure to Georgia and I’m sure that he will be a great president.” ",1
6442,Trump's son-in-law Kushner to become senior White House adviser,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump’s son-in-law, Jared Kushner, will become a senior White House adviser working on trade and the Middle East, transition officials said on Monday, in a rare case of a close presidential family member taking a major job. Kushner, 35, who is married to Trump’s daughter Ivanka, is taking the post after receiving legal counsel that doing so would not violate U.S. anti-nepotism law, transition officials said. The position, unlike Cabinet posts, does not require U.S. Senate confirmation, and Kushner will not be paid. Trump, in a statement on Monday announcing the choice, said Kushner was a “tremendous asset and trusted advisor throughout the campaign and transition.” Kushner, who like Trump is a New York real estate developer, emerged as an important voice early in his father-in-law’s presidential campaign and was involved in almost every aspect of it from personnel decisions to strategy and fundraising. Ivanka Trump, who like her husband has been a close adviser to the president-elect, will not take on a role in her father’s White House but will focus on settling her family in Washington. Kushner and his wife will undertake significant divestments of their wide-ranging financial portfolios as they prepare for their move to Washington from New York and face inevitable questions about a potential conflict of interest. Senior transition officials and a lawyer for Kushner laid out the arrangement in a conference call with a small group of reporters. Kushner is to work closely with incoming White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus and senior strategist Steve Bannon in advising the new president, and the officials said he would focus at least at first on trade policy and the Middle East. Trump, who takes office on Jan. 20, has vowed to rewrite international trade deals to make them more favorable to the United States. He has also pledged to move the U.S. Embassy in Israel from Tel Aviv, where it has been for 68 years, to Jerusalem, all but enshrining the city as Israel’s capital despite international objections. Jamie Gorelick, a New York lawyer who served as deputy attorney general for Democratic President Bill Clinton and helped advise Kushner, said his new post would not violate a 1967 anti-nepotism statute.  She said Congress in 1978 authorized the president to hire personnel for the White House office “without regard” to federal personnel laws like the anti-nepotism statute and that court rulings had determined the White House was not an “agency” under the anti-nepotism law. “I’m not saying that there isn’t an argument on the other side, and I respect the people who have made the argument on the other side. I just think we have the better argument,” Gorelick said. Richard Briffault, a government ethics expert at Columbia Law School, disagreed, saying: “Given the fact that the president is specifically mentioned, you would think that someone that is working for the president would be covered” by the anti-nepotism law. Bill Clinton aroused controversy in 1993 when he named his wife, Hillary Clinton, to lead his healthcare reform drive. She lost the Nov. 8 election to Trump. After John F. Kennedy was elected president in 1960, he chose his brother Robert as attorney general. Late on Monday, a group of six Democrats on the House of Representatives Judiciary Committee said they had written to the Justice Department and U.S. Office of Government Ethics asking them to review concerns about nepotism and conflicts of interest arising from Kushner’s appointment. In order to comply with federal ethics laws and after consulting the Office of Government Ethics, Kushner will take a number of steps to divest substantial assets, Gorelick said. Kushner will resign from his positions as chief executive of the Kushner Companies and as publisher of the New York Observer newspaper and divest from any interests in the New York Observer, Thrive Capital, the 666 Fifth Avenue office building in midtown Manhattan and any foreign investments.  In addition, Kushner will recuse himself from participating in matters that could have a direct effect on his remaining financial interests. Those interests include real estate in the New York area, Ivanka Trump’s interest in the new Trump hotel in Washington and the Ivanka Trump Brand fashion business, the officials said. Kushner will file a public financial disclosure form. Norman Eisen, a former ethics chief under President Barack Obama, said in an email that Kushner’s ethics and disclosure moves appeared to be a “positive step.” “I hope his father-in-law takes a page from his book and does the same, as presidents have for the past four decades, by divesting into a blind trust or the equivalent,” Eisen said. Trump has said he would transfer control of his business to his children, but he has given no details. A planned news conference in December on the topic was canceled. Trump is expected to take questions from reporters this week.     ",1
6443,"Ryan, Trump team discuss border tax at Capitol Hill meeting","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan and top members of President-elect Donald Trump’s transition team on Monday discussed a controversial plan to tax imports during an evening meeting on Capitol Hill, a Trump adviser said. Trump’s incoming chief strategist Stephen Bannon said the meeting examined two provisions of Ryan’s “Better Way” tax reform blueprint, including a border-adjustability measure intended to boost U.S. manufacturing by taxing imports while exempting U.S. business export revenues from corporate taxation. The discussion also focused on a House “territorial” tax proposal that would end U.S. taxation on the foreign profits of U.S.-based multinationals, Bannon told reporters as more than a half-dozen Trump transition team members left the 2-1/2 hour meeting. Bannon said the discussion involved “working through” border adjustability and added that the territorial measure was “also what this meeting’s about. Start working through it, make sure everybody understands it and is on the same page.” Some tax experts believe Trump has signalled his support for the border adjustability provision in recent tweets warning that companies including automakers could face a border tax if they expand manufacturing abroad and ship products back to the U.S. market.  Trump and Ryan agree that tax reform should reduce tax rates for individuals and businesses, do away with longstanding tax loopholes and broaden the tax base in order to drive U.S. economic growth. Advocates say the House Republican border-adjustability measure could help Trump meet his pledge of boosting manufacturing jobs in the United States. It would also pay for lower tax rates by raising more than $1 trillion in revenues over 10 years, analysts say.  But some industries including retailers, automakers and oil refiners claim it would raise consumer prices by making exports more expensive. Other critics say it could be vulnerable to a  challenge before the World Trade Organization. House Republicans say their territorial provision would bring the United States into line with other countries that do not tax their business’s foreign profits.  Up to now, Trump has favored maintaining the current U.S. tax system, which taxes U.S. earnings abroad but allows companies to defer taxes until profits are returned. U.S. corporations have sought to avoid the tax by stashing about $2.6 trillion in earnings overseas.   Also attending Monday’s meeting with Ryan and his staff were Trump’s son-in-law Jared Kushner, Treasury Secretary-nominee Steven Mnuchin, incoming chief of staff Reince Priebus and National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn. ",1
6444,California Republican challenges state's hiring of Eric Holder to fight Trump policies,"SACRAMENTO, Calif. (Reuters) - A California Republican state lawmaker is challenging the legality of a move by Democrats in the legislature to hire former U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder to help in any legal battles with President-elect Donald Trump’s administration. Assembly member Kevin Kiley has requested a formal ruling from state lawyers on whether the decision by Democratic legislative leaders to hire Holder and his firm, Covington & Burling, for $25,000 a month violated a provision in the state’s constitution that bans hiring outside counsel for work the state’s own lawyers can do. “People might have differing feelings about Eric Holder and about the incoming presidential administration, but all of us should be able to agree that as legislators we have a duty to abide by the law,” Kiley, an attorney, said in a phone interview on Monday. Kiley’s request came on the eve of hearings in the Democratic-led legislature on the nomination of U.S. Representative Xavier Becerra as state attorney general, another move by Democrats to position California to defend its liberal policies against the Republican Trump. America’s most populous state voted heavily for Democrat Hillary Clinton in the Nov. 8 presidential election. Under the Trump administration, which takes office on Jan. 20, California is expected to take a role similar to that played by Texas, Kansas and other conservative states during Democratic President Barack Obama’s administration. Those states mounted legal challenges to Obama’s executive orders and federal policies on such issues as healthcare, immigration and the environment. California Republicans have been mostly quiet on Democratic Governor Jerry Brown’s nomination of Becerra. But the hiring of Holder, who was Obama’s attorney general from 2009 to 2015, prompted an outpouring of protest from Republican lawmakers. “Democrats should focus on solving these real-world problems instead of wasting tax-payer money to score political points before the president-elect even takes office,” Assembly Republican leader Chad Mayes said in a statement.  Kevin Liao, a spokesman for Democratic state Assembly Speaker Anthony Rendon said on Monday his office had conferred with the state Legislative Counsel and other legal sources before hiring Holder’s firm. He disagreed the hiring was prohibited, saying the constitutional ban referred to hiring by the executive branch of government and not the legislature. Liao added that legislature needed legal advice from attorneys experienced in dealing with federal agencies and federal law - cases in which the state attorney general’s office does not specialize. ",1
6445,Democrats want 9/11-style special commission to probe Russia,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democratic members of the U.S. Congress called on Monday for the creation of an independent commission to investigate Russia’s attempts to intervene in the 2016 election, similar to the Sept. 11 panel that probed the 2001 attacks on the United States. Their “Protecting our Democracy Act” would create a 12-member, bipartisan independent panel to interview witnesses, obtain documents, issue subpoenas and receive public testimony to examine attempts by Moscow and any other entities to influence the election. The panel members would not be members of Congress. The legislation is one of many calls by lawmakers to look into Russian involvement in the contest, in which Republican Donald Trump defeated Democrat Hillary Clinton in the White House race, confounding opinion polls. Republicans also kept control of the Senate and House of Representatives by larger-than-expected margins. U.S. intelligence agencies on Friday released a report saying that Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered an effort to help Trump’s electoral chances by discrediting Clinton. Russia has denied the hacking allegations. A Kremlin spokesman said Monday they were “reminiscent of a witch-hunt.” “There is no question that Russia attacked us,” Senator Ben Cardin, the top Democrat on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, told a news conference.        Versions of the bill were introduced in both the Senate and House. In the Senate it has 10 sponsors. In the House it is backed by every member of the Democratic caucus, said Representative Elijah Cummings, the top Democrat on the House Oversight Committee. However, no Republicans currently back the bill, so its prospects are dim, given Republican control of both houses of Congress. While a few Republicans, notably Senators Lindsey Graham and John McCain, have supported calls for an independent probe, party leaders have resisted the idea, saying that investigations by Republican-led congressional committees are sufficient. Senator Amy Klobuchar, who just returned from a trip to the Baltic states, Ukraine and Georgia with Graham and McCain, said Russia’s actions justified a probe by an independent panel of national experts. “This is not just about one political party. It’s not even about one election. It’s not even about one country, our country. It is a repeated attempt... around the world, to influence elections,” Klobuchar said. After Sept 11, 2001, Congress established an independent commission to look into the attacks and make recommendations about how to prevent similar actions in the future. Many of the recommendations were adopted into law. “The American people felt good about what they did,” Cummings said. ",1
6446,U.S. senators to issue legislation sanctioning Russia over election interference,WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican U.S. Senator John McCain and Democratic Senators Ben Cardin and Robert Menendez said on Monday they would introduce legislation to impose “comprehensive” sanctions on Russia over its attempts to influence the 2016 U.S. election. ,1
6447,Top U.S. Senate Democrat says Trump's nominees need 'thorough' vetting,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The top Democrat in the U.S. Senate, Chuck Schumer, decried what he called undue haste to confirm President-elect Donald Trump’s nominations for various top posts, saying on Monday they needed more thorough vetting. Hearings start on Tuesday for the Republican president-elect’s choices for senior administration posts, beginning with U.S. Senator Jeff Sessions, nominated to be attorney general, and retired General John Kelly, Trump’s pick for secretary of homeland security. Schumer said Trump’s nominees, many of whom have extensive business backgrounds at companies such as Exxon Mobil Corp and Goldman Sachs, should be carefully scrutinized to be sure they avoid conflicts of interest.  “We’re not doing this for sport. Democrats feel very strongly that pushing for a thorough and thoughtful vetting process is the right thing to do,” Schumer said in a speech. Republicans, who control the majority in the Senate, are presenting the Democratic objections as political grandstanding, saying they moved quickly eight years ago to confirm Democratic President Barack Obama’s Cabinet picks, approving seven the day he began his first term. Schumer said some of Trump’s nominees have not completed a review process conducted by the U.S. Office of Government Ethics. Trump transition spokesman Sean Spicer said on Monday that every nominee with a hearing this week has turned in the required paperwork. “Everybody will be properly vetted as they have been in the past,” said U.S. Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell, speaking in New York after meeting with Trump on Monday. He said he hoped to confirm six or seven national security appointees by the time Trump takes office on Jan. 20. Trump needs to keep the 52 Republicans in the 100-seat Senate on his side to secure the simple majority votes needed for confirmations. One of the more contentious hearings could be over Rex Tillerson, nominated for secretary of state. Trump’s stated desire for warmer relations with Russia comes at a deeply sensitive moment, after U.S. intelligence agencies concluded that Moscow used cyber hacking and other methods to try to tilt the U.S. presidential election in Trump’s favor over Democrat Hillary Clinton. Republicans including U.S. Senator John McCain and U.S. Senator Lindsey Graham, veterans in foreign policy and security issues, have signaled concerns about Tillerson’s ties to Russia during his tenure as the chief executive of Exxon Mobil. Transition officials expressed confidence that Tillerson would win the pair’s support. Sessions is also likely to face a thorough grilling, with critics arguing he obstructed civil rights protections in the past. Democrats are likely to question nominees for positions related to national security about Trump’s proposal to build a wall along the U.S. border with Mexico and his pledge to temporarily suspend immigration from regions deemed to be exporting terrorism.   The Trump team has put the nominees through mock hearings that are standard practice ahead of such events. Questions have included the kind of everyday concerns that periodically upset nominees for high office, such as the price of a gallon of gas. Each mock-up has also included at least one disruptive pretend protester, a transition official said. Transition officials say they believe they could pick up Democratic votes from senators facing 2018 re-election bids in states Trump won on Nov. 8, such as U.S. Senator Claire McCaskill of Missouri. Trump voiced optimism about the process on Monday, telling reporters at his office and residence in New York, “The confirmation is going great. I think they’ll all pass.”  ",1
6448,Washington pot protesters have wary eye on Trump's attorney general pick,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Pro-marijuana activists planning to light thousands of joints at Donald Trump’s presidential inauguration in a call for national legalization of the drug fear a reversal of recent gains if his attorney general pick is confirmed in hearings beginning on Tuesday. Trump’s nominee, U.S. Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama, has long condemned use of the drug, which has been legalized for recreational use in eight U.S. states and the District of Columbia but remains banned by federal law. Sessions has opposed attempts to legalize marijuana and reduce drug sentences Longtime Washington pro-marijuana activist Adam Eidinger, one of the organizers of the plan to distribute and light 4,200 joints during the Jan. 20 inauguration, said on Monday that protesters wearing T-shirts saying: “Great Americans Smoke Marijuana” would be in line for Sessions’ hearing before dawn. “This is political warfare. There is no respect in Washington for the marijuana movement or its business interest right now,” Eidinger said in a telephone interview. The demonstration will be among dozens of protests planned  against Trump, a Republican real estate developer whose campaign promises included building a wall on the Mexican border and deporting millions of illegal immigrants. Trump’s transition team did not reply to a request for comment. Eidinger said he and other activists and entrepreneurs  feared Sessions could erase gains for legal marijuana across the United States. “I don’t want to go to jail. This a real thing for a lot of people,” he said. Members of his group plan to light the joints at four minutes and 20 seconds into Trump’s inaugural speech if he has not backed the idea of national legalization. The date of April 20, or 4/20, corresponds with the figure widely recognized within the cannabis subculture as a symbol for all things marijuana. Trump said during the election campaign that marijuana legalization was best left to the states. FBI figures show there were about 640,000 marijuana-related arrests in 2015. In addition to the states that have legalized marijuana for recreational use, 28 states have legalized use for medical purposes.  Taylor West, the deputy director of the National Cannabis Industry Association, a trade group, said legal marijuana sales totaled nearly $7 billion last year, a figure projected to reach $20 billion in 2021. “We are certainly watching the situation very closely,” she said of the incoming administration. ",1
6449,"Trump to meet Alibaba's Ma, U.S. Senate majority leader, Univision","(Reuters) - Republican U.S. President-elect Donald Trump continued holding meetings on Monday in New York as he prepared to take over the White House from Democrat Barack Obama on Jan. 20. Below is a list of meetings for Monday, according to Trump’s transition team and eyewitness accounts. *Chairman and chief executive officer, LVMH     *Founder and executive chairman, Alibaba Group Holding Ltd * U.S. Senate majority leader * Kentucky Republican     * President and CEO Randy Falco [UVN.UL] * Chief News, Entertainment & Digital Officer Isaac Lee * Fox News media host ",1
6450,"Schumer urges delay in confirmation hearings, says reviews incomplete","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer on Monday pushed against rushing through confirmation hearings scheduled this week for at least seven of President-elect Donald Trump’s Cabinet nominees, saying the nominees need a thorough vetting. “Jamming all these hearings into one or two days, making members run from committee to committee, makes no sense,” Schumer said in a speech. “It is only fair that they are given a thorough and thoughtful vetting.” ",1
6451,"Climate change should not be 'partisan issue,' Kerry says","CAMBRIDGE, Mass. (Reuters) - Work to avert the problems caused by climate change should not be a partisan issue, outgoing Secretary of State John Kerry told students at an elite U.S. engineering school on Monday, in one of his final speeches as the nation’s top diplomat. Kerry noted U.S. officials from military and intelligence leaders to the mayors of coastal cities agree the problem of rising sea levels and erratic rainfall is one that they want to take action on, and he urged the incoming administration of Republican President-elect Donald Trump to tackle head on. Trump, a New York real estate developer who has never held elected office, has described climate change as a hoax and vowed to pull the United States out of the deal negotiated in Paris in 2015 to cut global greenhouse gas emissions. But in an interview with the New York Times in November, Trump said he was keeping an open mind on whether to pull out of the accord. “I’m not going to speculate about the policies that our President-elect and his Secretary of State will choose to pursue, but I will tell you this ... some issues look a lot different when you’re actually in office compared to when you’re on the campaign trail,” Kerry said at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in Cambridge.  “The truth is that climate change shouldn’t be a partisan issue. It’s an issue that all of us should care about, regardless of political affiliation.” The U.S. Senate this week is due to begin the process of confirming Trump’s political appointments, including proposed Environmental Protection Agency chief Scott Pruitt, the attorney general of Oklahoma, who has repeatedly challenged the agency’s authority in the courts. Many Republicans in Congress argue environmental regulations slow business growth and job creation, both expected to be top priorities for the Trump administration. Kerry referenced a U.S. intelligence report published on Monday that listed climate change among the factors that could raise the risk of conflict between nations. Obama on Monday echoed the message in an article published in Science magazine.  Kerry called on researchers and students at MIT to keep up their work on improving energy efficiency and inventing new energy sources, regardless of government policies. “It’s going to be innovators, researchers, entrepreneurs, and business leaders ... who will continue to create the technological advances that forever revolutionize the way we power our world,” Kerry said. “Every person in this room – indeed, every person on the planet – has an interest in making sure that transition happens as quickly as possible.” ",1
6452,Top Canadian officials met Trump team for trade talks: paper,"OTTAWA (Reuters) - Senior Canadian officials have met several times with advisers to U.S. President-elect Donald Trump in Washington in an effort to avert a possible trade war once he takes office this month, the Globe and Mail newspaper said on Monday. Trump vowed during his election campaign to either scrap or renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement with Canada and Mexico, saying the two-decade old deal had been bad for American workers. This could have disastrous consequences for Canada, which sends 75 percent of its exports to the United States.  The Globe said Gerald Butts and Katie Telford - Prime Minister’s Justin Trudeau’s two top aides - had met Trump’s son-in-law, Jared Kushner, and his chief strategist, Steve Bannon, and believed they had established a decent relationship. The paper cited one official as saying the Trump administration “does not believe in free trade,” which could pose challenges for Canada. “They (the Trump team) think the basic problem in the world is that China has stolen a bunch of American manufacturing jobs that they are hell-bent on getting back,” the official said. Trudeau spokesman Cameron Ahmad, asked about the report, said “meetings have indeed been happening at every level” but gave no details. The Trump transition team did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the report. Canada’s trade minister, pressed about the potential impact of Trump’s presidency, said last Friday there was no question of separating the two nations’ economies. In a video address last week to the new U.S. Congress, Trudeau stressed the closeness of the links between the Canadian and U.S. economies. Trump, a Republican, won election in November and takes office on Jan. 20. ",1
6453,"Senate leader McConnell: discussed Cabinet, Obamacare with Trump","NEW YORK (Reuters) - Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell said he discussed Cabinet appointments and health care during a meeting with U.S. President-elect Donald Trump on Monday before confirmation hearings begin this week on Cabinet nominees. “The president elect and I had a good meeting about the Senate agenda, which of course includes confirming the Cabinet appointments, getting further down the road toward repealing and replacing Obamacare,” McConnell told reporters after the meeting at Trump Tower. Trump’s nominees will be properly vetted, he added. ",1
6454,"Trump praises Ford, Fiat Chrysler for U.S. investments","DETROIT (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump praised Ford Motor Co (F.N) and Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV (FCAU.N) on Monday for announcing new investments in the United States after he made U.S. auto production a key part of his campaign. Ford announced last week it would abandon plans to build a $1.6 billion plant in Mexico and would invest $700 million in a Michigan plant over four years, while Fiat Chrysler said Sunday it will invest $1 billion and add 2,000 jobs at plants in Ohio and Michigan to build new SUVs and pickup trucks. Both companies have said they made the decision for business reasons and not because of pressure from Trump, but praised the president-elect for seeking to improve the climate for businesses to operate in the United States. Fiat Chrysler chief executive Sergio Marchionne said at the Detroit auto show on Monday that the decision had been in the works for a long time and was “coincidental” to Trump’s tweet last week criticizing the company. “We didn’t twist ourselves into a pretzel (to make this decision)... It wasn’t a preemptive strike against a tweet,” Marchionne said during a roundtable discussion. Marchionne was asked about tariffs that Trump has threatened to impose on vehicles imported to the United States from Mexico and elsewhere and he said that Fiat Chrysler will live with any new rules. However, he added that it was “quite possible” that heavy tariffs on Mexican imports could force the company to close Mexican plants. Trump, a real estate developer who takes office on Jan. 20, has repeatedly singled out companies in the auto sector and other industries for not doing more to keep jobs in the United States. Trump, a Republican, also criticized Toyota Motor Corp (7203.T) last week for shifting production of its Corolla from Canada to Mexico. The company has said there is no impact on U.S. employment as a result of the change. “It’s finally happening - Fiat Chrysler just announced plans to invest $1BILLION in Michigan and Ohio plants, adding 2000 jobs,” Trump said in a tweet on Monday. In a follow up tweet, he added: “Ford said last week that it will expand in Michigan and U.S. instead of building a BILLION dollar plant in Mexico. Thank you Ford & Fiat C(hrysler).” Ford announced on Monday it will build the Bronco SUV and Ranger pickup at its Wayne assembly plant but will shift production of its Ford Focus car. Because of low demand, it will shift the Focus to an existing Mexican factory, rather than to a new factory as was announced in April. ",1
6455,"Chinese state tabloid warns Trump, end one China policy and China will take revenge","SHANGHAI/TAIPEI (Reuters) - State-run Chinese tabloid Global Times warned U.S. President-elect Donald Trump that China would “take revenge” if he reneged on the one-China policy, only hours after Taiwan’s president made a controversial stopover in Houston. Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen met senior U.S. Republican lawmakers during her stopover in Houston on Sunday en route to Central America, where she will visit Honduras, Nicaragua, Guatemala and El Salvador. Tsai will stop in San Francisco on Jan. 13, her way back to Taiwan. China had asked the United States not to allow Tsai to enter or have formal government meetings under the one China policy. Beijing considers self-governing Taiwan a renegade province ineligible for state-to-state relations. The subject is a sensitive one for China. A photograph tweeted by Texas Governor Greg Abbott shows him meeting Tsai, with a small table between them adorned with the U.S., Texas and Taiwanese flags. Tsai’s office said on Monday she also spoke by telephone with U.S. senator John McCain, head of the powerful Senate Committee on Armed Services. Tsai also met Texas Senator Ted Cruz. “Sticking to (the one China) principle is not a capricious request by China upon U.S. presidents, but an obligation of U.S. presidents to maintain China-U.S. relations and respect the existing order of the Asia-Pacific,” said the Global Times editorial on Sunday. The influential tabloid is published by the ruling Communist Party’s official People’s Daily. Trump triggered protests from Beijing last month by accepting a congratulatory telephone call from Tsai and questioning the U.S. commitment to China’s position that Taiwan is part of one China. “If Trump reneges on the one-China policy after taking office, the Chinese people will demand the government to take revenge. There is no room for bargaining,” said the Global Times. Cruz said some members of Congress had received a letter from the Chinese consulate asking them not to meet Tsai during her stopovers. “The People’s Republic of China needs to understand that in America we make decisions about meeting with visitors for ourselves,” Cruz said in a statement. “This is not about the PRC. This is about the U.S. relationship with Taiwan, an ally we are legally bound to defend.” Cruz said he and Tsai discussed upgrading bilateral relations and furthering economic cooperation between their countries, including increased access to Taiwan markets that would benefit Texas ranchers, farmers and small businesses. Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang on Monday urged “relevant U.S. officials” to handle the Taiwan issue appropriately to avoid harming China-U.S. ties. “We firmly oppose leaders of the Taiwan region, on the so-called basis of a transit visit, having any form of contact with U.S. officials and engaging in activities that interfere with and damage China-U.S. relations,” Lu said. In a dinner speech Saturday to hundreds of overseas Taiwanese, Tsai said the United States holds a “special place in the hearts of the people of Taiwan” and that the island via bilateral exchanges has provided more than 320,000 jobs directly and indirectly to the American people, her office said on Monday.  Tsai said Taiwan looked to create more U.S. jobs through deeper investment, trade and procurement.  Tsai’s office said James Moriarty, chairman of the American Institute in Taiwan, which handles U.S.-Taiwan affairs in the absence of formal ties, told the Taiwan president in Houston that the United States was continuing efforts to persuade China to resume dialogue with Taiwan. China is deeply suspicious of Tsai, who it thinks wants to push for the formal independence of the island. The Global Times, whose stance does not equate with government policy, also targeted Tsai in the editorial, saying that the mainland would likely impose further diplomatic, economic and military pressure on Taiwan, warning that “Tsai needs to face the consequences for every provocative step she takes”. “It should also impose military pressure on Taiwan and push it to the edge of being reunified by force, so as to effectively affect the approval rating of the Tsai administration.”      ",1
6456,Fiat Chrysler ready to comply with new rules from Trump administration: CEO,"DETROIT (Reuters) - Fiat Chrysler Automobiles (FCHA.MI) is ready to comply with the new rules on the auto industry the incoming administration of U.S. president-elect Donald Trump will introduce, the carmaker’s CEO Sergio Marchionne said on Monday. “We are waiting for the new rules and will adapt to them,” Marchionne said, speaking to reporters at the Detroit motor show. On Sunday Fiat Chrysler said it would invest $1 billion to modernize two plants in the U.S. Midwest and create 2,000 jobs. “The announcement to invest in the U.S. was already part of our plans,” Marchionne said, adding he had not met Trump since his election victory. Marchionne said he did not want to speak for the new U.S. President-to-be but added commercial barriers could be an “obstacle to development”. ",1
6457,Trump acknowledges Russia role in U.S. election hacking: aide,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump accepts the U.S. intelligence community’s conclusion that Russia engaged in cyber attacks during the U.S. presidential election and may take action in response, his incoming chief of staff said on Sunday. Reince Priebus said Trump believed Russia was behind the intrusions into the Democratic Party organizations, although Priebus did not clarify whether the president-elect agreed that the hacks were directed by Russian President Vladimir Putin.  “He accepts the fact that this particular case was entities in Russia, so that’s not the issue,” Priebus said on “Fox News Sunday.” It was the first acknowledgment from a senior member of the Republican president-elect’s team that Trump had accepted that Russia directed the hacking and subsequent disclosure of Democratic emails during the 2016 presidential election.  Trump had rebuffed allegations that Russia was behind the hacks or was trying to help him win, saying the intrusions could have been carried out by China or a 400-pound hacker on his bed. With less than two weeks until his Jan. 20 inauguration, Trump has come under increasing pressure from fellow Republicans to accept intelligence community findings on Russian hacking and other attempts by Moscow to influence the Nov. 8 election. A crucial test of Republican support for Trump comes this week with the first confirmation hearings for his Cabinet picks.  A U.S. intelligence report last week said Putin directed a sophisticated influence campaign including cyber attacks to denigrate Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton and support Trump. The report, commissioned by Democratic President Barack Obama in December, concluded vote tallies were not affected by Russian interference, but did not assess whether it influenced the outcome of the vote in other ways. After receiving a briefing on Friday from leaders of the U.S. intelligence agencies, Trump did not refer specifically to Russia’s role in the presidential campaign. In a statement, he acknowledged that “Russia, China, other countries, outside groups and people are consistently trying to break through the cyber infrastructure of our governmental institutions, businesses and organizations including the Democrat(ic) National Committee.” Trump spokesman Sean Spicer told Reuters the president-elect’s conclusions remained the same and that Priebus’ comments were in line with Friday’s statement. Priebus’ wording did not appear to foreshadow the dramatic reversal of Trump’s apparent Russia policy that experts say would be required to deter further cyber attacks. “It will take a lot more than what we heard on television today to make Putin cool it,” the expert added. “In fact, there may not be anything that can deter Putin from pursuing a course he’s bet his future and Russia’s on,” said a U.S. intelligence expert on Russia, speaking on condition of anonymity to discuss domestic political positions. The expert added that Putin’s “multifaceted campaign of cyber attacks and espionage, propaganda, financial leverage, fake news and traditional espionage” had expanded in the United States since the election, “and it will be a shock if it does not escalate in France, Germany and elsewhere this year.” Priebus, the former Republican National Committee chairman Trump tapped as White House chief of staff, said Trump planned to order the intelligence community to make recommendations as to what should be done. “Action may be taken,” he said, adding there was nothing wrong with trying to have a good relationship with Russia and other countries. Two senior Republican senators urged Trump to punish Russia in response to U.S. intelligence agencies’ conclusion that Putin personally directed efforts aimed at influencing the election. Appearing on NBC’s “Meet the Press,” Senators Lindsey Graham and John McCain said evidence was conclusive that Putin sought to influence the election - a point that Trump has refuted. “In a couple weeks, Donald Trump will be the defender of the free world and democracy,” Graham said. “You should let everybody know in America, Republicans and Democrats, that you’re going to make Russia pay a price for trying to interfere.” On Saturday, Trump wrote on Twitter that having a better relationship with Russia was a “good thing.” U.S. Representative Devin Nunes, the Republican chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, said three U.S. presidents had tried and failed to be friends with Putin. “I’m just not sure it’s possible,” Nunes said on the “Fox News Sunday” program. “I’ve cautioned his administration to be careful with Putin, as he remains a bad actor.” Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell agreed it was not unusual for a new president to want to get along with the Russians. He added on CBS, however, that the Russians remained a “big adversary, and they demonstrated it by trying to mess around in our election.” Obama, who himself tried to “reset” relations with Russia after he took office in 2009, told NBC he did not think he had underestimated the Russian president. “But I think that I underestimated the degree to which, in this new information age, it is possible for misinformation for cyber hacking and so forth to have an impact on our open societies, our open systems, to insinuate themselves into our democratic practices in ways that I think are accelerating,” he said in an interview with “Meet the Press” broadcast on Sunday. ",1
6458,Kremlin says U.S. hacking allegations are 'reminiscent of a witch-hunt',"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Allegations that Russia tried to influence the U.S. election in favour of Donald Trump amount to a witch-hunt, the Kremlin said on Monday, in its first reaction to the release of a U.S. intelligence report on the alleged Russian operation. The report, a redacted version of which was released publicly last week, alleged that Russian President Vladimir Putin directed a cyber campaign aimed at helping Trump beat his rival Hillary Clinton in the race for the White House. Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said no new evidence had been produced to show that Russian officials was involved. “We are observing a serious fatigue with these accusations,” Peskov told reporters on a conference call. “It truly is reminiscent of a witch-hunt.” His words echoed a phrase used by Trump himself, who was quoted as saying in an interview with the New York Times newspaper on Friday that the storm over Russian hacking was a “political witch hunt.” Peskov, commenting on the U.S. intelligence report, said: “You know, that version of the report that was made public added no substance whatsoever that we can comment on.” “Groundless accusations which are not supported by anything are being rehearsed in an amateurish, unprofessional way. We don’t know what information they are actually relying on.” Asked if Putin himself had read a translation of the report, Peskov said there was nothing in the document “that’s worth reading in detail.” But Peskov said the Kremlin’s position, as in the past, is that it categorically rules out that any Russian official could have been involved in hacking related to the 2016 U.S. presidential election. Both Trump and Putin have said that they want to restore U.S.-Russian relations, and the Kremlin spokesman indicated that Moscow was looking beyond the hacking row and ahead to the new administration. Peskov said there had been witch-hunts in the past in U.S. history, but those periods came to an end when what he described as more sober leaders took charge. Peskov said that once Trump had been inaugurated on Jan. 20, work would begin on finding a date for a first meeting between the Russian and U.S. leaders. “If some kind of contacts will be planned, then they will be planned extremely painstakingly, carefully, especially since we are talking about contacts following a very tense period in our relations,” he said, referring to disputes between the Kremlin and the Obama administration. ",1
6459,China firmly opposes Taiwan's leadership engaging with U.S. officials,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China firmly opposes Taiwan’s leadership engaging with U.S. officials, China’s foreign ministry said on Monday after U.S. Senator Ted Cruz and Texas Governor Greg Abbott met the president of Taiwan.  ",1
6460,"Cruz, Texas governor meet with Taiwanese president in Houston","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senator Ted Cruz and Texas Governor Greg Abbott met with the president of Taiwan on Sunday during a stopover in Houston that was sure to pique Chinese leaders already upset by her conversation with President-elect Donald Trump. It is not unusual for U.S. lawmakers to meet with Taiwanese leaders when they pass through the country, but tensions are high this winter after Trump, who like Cruz and Abbott is a Republican, spoke to Tsai Ing-wen last month.  The telephone conversation broke with decades of precedent and cast doubt on his incoming administration’s commitment to Beijing’s “one China” policy. Cruz, who represents Texas, said some members of Congress had received a letter from the Chinese consulate asking them not to meet with Tsai during her stopovers. “The People’s Republic of China needs to understand that in America we make decisions about meeting with visitors for ourselves,” Cruz said in a statement. “This is not about the PRC. This is about the U.S. relationship with Taiwan, an ally we are legally bound to defend.” China is deeply suspicious of Tsai, who it thinks wants to push for the formal independence of Taiwan, a self-governing island that Beijing regards as a renegade province, ineligible for state-to-state relations. The United States, which switched diplomatic recognition from Taiwan to China in 1979, has acknowledged the Chinese position that there is only “one China” and that Taiwan is part of it.” Tsai scheduled stopovers in San Francisco and Houston on her way to visit allies in Central America, including Honduras, Nicaragua, Guatemala and El Salvador. Beijing had urged the United States not to let her into the country. Cruz said he and the Taiwanese leader discussed upgrading bilateral relations and furthering economic cooperation between their countries, including increased access to Taiwanese markets that will benefit Texas ranchers, farmers and small businesses. Abbott said in a Twitter post that he also met with Tsai on Sunday and that they discussed “expanding trade and economic opportunities.”  ",1
6461,"Senate to act this week on Obamacare repeal, McConnell says","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate will take its first steps toward repealing President Barack Obama’s signature healthcare reform act by the end of the week, Republican Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said on Sunday. Speaking on CBS’s “Face the Nation,” McConnell said: “There ought not to be a great gap” between repealing the act and replacing it and that Republicans would be “replacing it rapidly after repealing it.” McConnell did not define what he meant by “rapidly.” Another top Republican, House Majority Whip Steve Scalise, told Fox News that it could take two years to fully replace the Affordable Care Act, popularly known as Obamacare. “I think everybody recognizes that there will be a transition period,” Scalise said. “President-elect Trump and our leaders have said nobody is going to get the rug pulled out from underneath them.” Scalise cited a previously proposed Republican bill to repeal the healthcare law that laid out a two-year transition period for putting in place an alternative. “That’s a benchmark for what we’re looking at again,” he added. Since his election on Nov. 8, Trump, who will be sworn in as Obama’s successor on Jan. 20, has made clear he wants to move swiftly on his campaign pledge to repeal and replace the 2010 law.  Republicans have a chance to make good on the Republican president-elect’s promise since they control both chambers of Congress. House Republicans took a step last week to clear the decks for Obamacare repeal by approving a procedural rule that would make it harder for Democrats to impede progress on such legislation. Repealing the act without an immediate replacement raises the question as to what happens to those who have insurance under Obamacare. On ABC’s “This Week,” Obama said that while the law could theoretically be repealed, “suddenly 20 million people or more don’t have health insurance.” “I think Republicans now are recognizing that may not be what the American people, including even Trump voters, are looking for,” he said. The healthcare law extended insurance coverage to millions of Americans through an expansion of the Medicaid program for the poor and the creation of online exchanges where consumers can shop for private health insurance coverage. The law also provides for subsidies to help individuals and families afford coverage purchased on the exchanges. Reince Priebus, Trump’s incoming White House chief of staff, told “Face the Nation” that while repealing and replacing Obamacare all at once would be ideal, it “may take time” to get all elements of the new plan ready. Obamacare came under renewed criticism recently after the government disclosed that benchmark 2017 Healthcare.gov premiums would rise 25 percent compared with 2016. Several large health insurers have withdrawn from the market, saying they are losing money. Obama said he expected the law to survive, albeit in a modified form. “If in fact the Republicans make some modifications,” he said, “and re-label it as Trumpcare, I’m fine with that.” ",1
6462,"Replacing, repealing Obamacare at same time 'ideal': top Trump aide","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Repealing and replacing the U.S. Affordable Care Act in one action would be “ideal,” but it “may take time” to get all elements of the heath care law’s alternative ready, President-elect Donald Trump’s incoming chief of staff said on Sunday. A full repeal and replacing of Obamacare may not happen immediately but it will happen “as quickly as possible,”     Reince Priebus said on the CBS program “Face the Nation.” ",1
6463,"Hillary Clinton for NYC mayor? Probably not, but rumors persist","NEW YORK (Reuters) - In the weeks since Hillary Clinton’s shock election defeat to U.S. President-elect Donald Trump, a rumor has taken hold among New York City’s political chattering class: could she challenge Mayor Bill de Blasio’s reelection bid this year? Discussion of a possible Clinton campaign intensified last week when conservative news website Newsmax reported that Democrats unhappy with de Blasio were pressing her to run. Stories soon appeared in various outlets, including the New York Times and the New York Daily News. Still, the chances seem remote. Although the mayor of the largest U.S. city is often seen as a national figure, it could be seen as a step down for Clinton, 69, a former U.S. secretary of state who came tantalizingly close to winning the White House two months ago. “I’m a Brooklyn kid, and my comment is, fuhgeddaboudit,” said Douglas Muzzio, a political scientist at Baruch College in New York and an expert in city politics. “There is zero chance that’s going to happen.” Clinton has yet to say what she plans to do next, and representatives of Clinton’s presidential campaign did not immediately respond to a request for comment on Sunday. A Clinton confidante, Neera Tanden, said on CNN on Sunday that Clinton was focused on helping children and families in her next role. “I don’t expect her to ever run for any elective office again,” Tanden said when asked if Clinton would run for mayor. De Blasio, a fellow Democrat who won his first term in 2013, has had some rocky moments, including state and federal corruption investigations that have reportedly examined his fundraising tactics. A high-profile figure in the party’s liberal wing, De Blasio supported Clinton in the presidential primary after some public waffling. A spokesman for his reelection campaign declined to comment on a potential Clinton candidacy. In the presidential election, Clinton won more than 80 percent of the votes in heavily Democratic New York City, despite Trump’s status as a native son born in the borough of Queens. Clinton first moved to New York State in 1999 in order to run for the U.S. Senate, winning election the following year. She lives with her husband, former President Bill Clinton, in Chappaqua, New York, about 30 miles (48 km) north of the city. Under state law, Clinton could run for mayor as long as she became a city resident by the election, according to the Times. ",1
6464,British foreign minister arrives in U.S. to meet Trump advisers,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain’s foreign minister Boris Johnson has arrived in the United States to meet close advisers to President-elect Donald Trump and senior Congressional leaders to discuss ties between the countries. Last June’s vote to leave the European Union has left Britain facing some of the most complicated negotiations since World War Two, with the country keen to deepen ties with the United States and other nations to show that Brexit will not diminish its standing in the world. Johnson’s visit, which was not flagged in advance, is part of Prime Minister Theresa May’s strategy to improve relations with Trump’s team after the president-elect irritated the government by saying that outspoken anti-EU campaigner Nigel Farage would be a good choice for Britain’s ambassador to Washington.  May’s two most senior aides made a secret trip to the United States last month. “Following the successful meeting last month between the Prime Minister’s chiefs of staff and President-elect Donald Trump’s team, Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson is undertaking a short visit to the U.S. for meetings with close advisers to the president-elect and senior Congressional leaders,” a spokesman for Britain’s foreign ministry said in a statement on Sunday. “The discussions will be focused on UK-U.S. relations and other foreign policy matters.” May had told Sky News earlier in the day that she was sure that Britain and the United States would build on their close ties and that their “special relationship” would endure despite describing some of his comments about women as “unacceptable”. ",1
6465,Republican senators urge Trump to embrace findings on Russia hacking,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Two senior Republican senators urged President-elect Donald Trump to punish Russia in response to U.S. intelligence agencies’ conclusion that President Vladimir Putin personally directed efforts aimed at influencing the outcome of the November election.  In a joint appearance on NBC’s “Meet the Press” on Sunday, Republican Senators Lindsey Graham and John McCain said evidence was conclusive that Putin sought to influence the election - a point that Trump has refuted repeatedly by arguing it might be impossible to tell who was responsible.  “In a couple weeks, Donald Trump will be the defender of the free world and democracy,” Graham said. “You should let everybody know in America, Republicans and Democrats, that you’re going to make Russia pay a price for trying to interfere.” Both senators said they remain unsure if they will support Trump’s pick for secretary of state, former Exxon Mobil Corp (XOM.N) Chairman and CEO Rex Tillerson, who has been criticized for his close ties to Putin. The Senate Foreign Relations Committee is scheduled to hold a hearing on Wednesday to consider Tillerson’s nomination.  Three U.S. intelligence agencies released a joint report on Friday that concluded that Putin directed efforts to help Trump’s electoral chances by discrediting his Democratic rival Hillary Clinton.   Hackers penetrated the Democratic National Committee’s email server and separately stole emails from John Podesta, who chaired Clinton’s campaign. The emails were then posted online and used to embarrass Clinton, including by Trump who frequently used the content as political ammunition.  Russia was trying to undermine public faith in the democratic process, damage Clinton, making it harder for her to win and harm her presidency if she did, the unclassified report said. McCain said he supports continued investigations into the hacks.  “We need to come to grips with it and get to the bottom of it and overall come up with a strategy in this new form of warfare that can basically harm our economy, harm our elections, harm our national security,” he said.  Trump, whose views on Russia are out of step with his party, has repeatedly dismissed claims that the Russians were trying to help him, arguing that the charges against Russia are the product of his political opponents trying to undermine his victory.  On Friday, after receiving his intelligence briefing, Trump did not squarely address whether he was told of the agencies’ belief Russia carried out the hacking. Instead, he said: “Russia, China, other countries, outside groups and people are consistently trying to break through the cyber infrastructure of our governmental institutions, businesses and organizations” including the DNC.  On Saturday, Trump wrote on Twitter that having a better relationship with Russia is a “good thing.” “Only ‘stupid’ people or fools, would think that is bad!” he tweeted. “We have enough problems around the world without yet another one. When I am President, Russia will respect us far more than they do now and both countries will, perhaps, work together to solve some of the many great and pressing problems and issues of the WORLD!”  ",1
6466,Congressmen question Trump on U.S.-Russia friendship,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The top Republican and Democrat on the House of Representatives Intelligence Committee on Sunday cast doubt on whether Russia can become an ally of the United States, an idea President-elect Donald Trump has embraced. Republican Devin Nunes, chairman of the committee, said on “Fox News Sunday” he would like to see a U.S.-Russia friendship but does not know if it is possible. Adam Schiff, the committee’s ranking Democrat, said on CNN it would be great if Russia could be an ally, but, “It’s not realistic and we need to be clear eyed and sober about just what the Russians are about.”  ",1
6467,U.S. intel report: Putin directed cyber campaign to help Trump,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered an effort to help Republican Donald Trump’s electoral chances by discrediting Democrat Hillary Clinton in the 2016 presidential campaign, U.S. intelligence agencies said in an assessment. Russia’s objectives were to undermine public faith in the U.S. democratic process, denigrate former Secretary of State Clinton, make it harder for her to win and harm her presidency if she did, an unclassified report released on Friday by the top U.S. intelligence agency said. “We assess Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered an influence campaign in 2016 aimed at the U.S. presidential election,” the report said. “We further assess Putin and the Russian Government developed a clear preference for President-elect Trump. We have high confidence in these judgments.” Russian authorities, which have previously denied interfering in the U.S. elections, offered no immediate comment on the report on Saturday, and the reaction of the country’s media was low-key.  The report, although it omitted classified details, was the U.S. government’s starkest public description of what it says was an unprecedented Russian campaign to manipulate the American body politic. Reports of Russian interference in the already divisive election have roiled Washington, even as the U.S. Congress on Friday certified Trump’s victory in the Electoral College. Clinton won the popular vote by nearly 3 million ballots. The report’s conclusions, though lacking details of how the Russians may have relayed the material to WikiLeaks and others, will give ammunition to Democrats and Trump’s fellow Republicans in Congress who want tougher action against Russia, setting the scene for a potential showdown with Trump. It could also give a boost to members of Congress seeking an independent, bipartisan investigation of Russian hacking. Trump, who has developed a rocky relationship with U.S. spy agencies and at times disparaged their work, defended the legitimacy of his election victory after receiving a nearly two-hour briefing Friday on the report. The report neither assessed “the impact Russian activities had on the outcome of the 2016 election” nor did it provide details on the evidence underpinning its conclusions, a fact likely to keep alive the controversy over what Moscow may have done. In Moscow, state TV Channel One briefly covered the report, focusing on Trump’s comments that the interference had no impact on the outcome of the election. The broadcaster, which led its news program on Orthodox Christmas celebrations and unusually low temperatures in the Russian capital, also said the arguments used in the U.S. report had been widely mocked by Internet users. The report said U.S. intelligence agencies believe Russian military intelligence, the GRU, used intermediaries such as WikiLeaks, DCLeaks.com and the Guccifer 2.0 “persona” to release emails that it had acquired from the Democratic National Committee (DNC) and top Democrats as part of the effort. The release of the emails led to embarrassing media coverage for Clinton and triggered the resignation of the DNC’s chief. WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange has said he did not receive emails stolen from the DNC and top Clinton aide John Podesta from “a state party.” However, Assange did not rule out the possibility that he got the material from a third party. Russian actors were not found to have targeted U.S. systems that are involved in tallying votes, the report said. The report was produced by the Central Intelligence Agency, the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the National Security Agency. Also on Friday, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security  designated U.S. election infrastructure as critical infrastructure, widening the options the government has to protect voting machines from cyber attacks. While the report found Russia had conducted cyber attacks on both the Democratic and the Republican parties, it made clear that the primary aims were to harm Clinton whether or not she won the election and evolved over time. “When it appeared to Moscow that Secretary Clinton was likely to win the election, the Russian influence campaign began to focus more on undermining her future presidency,” it said. “We also assess Putin and the Russian Government aspired to help President-elect Trump’s election chances when possible by discrediting Secretary Clinton and publicly contrasting her unfavorably to him,” it said. The CIA and FBI had high confidence in this judgment and NSA moderate confidence, the report said. Neither the Russian Embassy in Washington, nor Clinton aides immediately responded to requests for comment. The report suggested Putin was motivated in part by personal animus toward Clinton. “Putin most likely wanted to discredit Secretary Clinton because he has publicly blamed her since 2011 for inciting mass protests against his regime in late 2011 and early 2012, and because he holds a grudge for comments he almost certainly saw as disparaging him,” it said. In a statement after his intelligence briefing, Trump did not squarely address whether he was told of the agencies’ belief Russia carried out the hacking. Instead, he said: “Russia, China, other countries, outside groups and people are consistently trying to break through the cyber infrastructure of our governmental institutions, businesses and organizations” including the DNC. “There was absolutely no effect on the outcome of the election including the fact that there was no tampering whatsoever with voting machines,” Trump said. The businessman, who is to be inaugurated as president on Jan. 20, also said he would appoint a team to give him a plan within 90 days of taking office on how to prevent cyber attacks but suggested that he would keep their recommendations secret. The report did not reveal how the intelligence agencies collected the evidence underpinning their conclusions or the evidence itself, including the means by which Russian military intelligence “relayed” the materials filched from the DNC and other hacking targets to WikiLeaks and others, omissions likely to leave the report open to criticism. Representative Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence who was briefed on the report on Friday, took issue with Trump’s comments. “The President-Elect’s statement that the Russian hacking had ‘absolutely no effect on the outcome of the election’ is not supported by the briefing, report, or common sense,” Schiff said. “It is one thing to say that there was no tampering with vote tallying - which is true - it is another thing to say that the daily dumping of documents disparaging to ... Clinton that was made possible by Russian cyber operations had no effect on the campaigns,” he said. “The consequence of these disclosures was hugely beneficial to the President-Elect and damaging to the Clinton campaign, just as the Russians intended.” Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Richard Burr, a North Carolina Republican, said his panel would continue to compile “facts surrounding Russia’s active measures,” adding: “This is a troubling chapter in an ongoing story.” ",1
6468,Kentucky lawmakers pass 'right-to-work' legislation,"LOUISVILLE, Ky. (Reuters) - Republican lawmakers in Kentucky passed a bill on Saturday making it the 27th U.S. state to allow workers the right to work in union-represented shops and receive union-negotiated benefits without paying dues to the representing body.  Republican lawmakers in a handful of states have passed similar so called “right-to-work” and anti-union laws in recent years. Supporters say the measures spur economic growth while opponents cast the laws as assaults on organized labor and blue-collar workers that limit union revenues. The effort to pass the legislation in Kentucky came two months after Republicans won control of the state’s General Assembly for the first time since 1921. Republicans now control both chambers in the state’s legislature and the governor’s office.  A Kentucky Senate committee on Friday passed the “right-to-work” bill, sending it to the full Senate, which passed it during a rare Saturday session.  “I personally have no problem with an individual opting to be part of a labor union ... but government shouldn’t stand in the way of someone who opts not to join a union,” said Speaker of the House Jeff Hoover in a statement earlier this week. It is widely expected that Republican Governor Matt Bevin will sign the bill into law in the coming days. If so, Kentucky will immediately become the 27th state and last Southern state to enact “right-to-work” legislation. The state Senate also passed an ultrasound abortion bill that was approved by the House on Thursday. Supporters of the “right-to-work” measure say it will make Kentucky more competitive with neighboring states with similar laws in attracting new business. Kentucky has been unable to pass “right-to-work” legislation in the past because of its strong union ties across the state, labor leaders said. The Republican-led state Senate had passed similar bills in recent years, but House Democrats refused to hear the bills. “The future of the fight is in, as best we can, trying to stop the erosion of wages, benefits and safety,” said Caitlin Lally, a spokeswoman for the United Food and Commercial Workers Local 227 in Louisville and vice president of the Greater Louisville Central Labor Council. Hundreds of Democrats heeded their party leaders’ call for a protest and packed the Capitol rotunda in Frankfort on Saturday.  “Politicians didn’t create the labor movement, and politicians won’t destroy the labor movement,” said DeLane Adams, spokesman for the AFL-CIO Southern regional office. ",1
6469,"In emotional farewell speech, Michelle Obama praises diversity","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - First lady Michelle Obama made an impassioned case for embracing diversity and welcoming all religious groups on Friday in a not-so-veiled message to her husband’s successor two weeks ahead of Inauguration Day. In what was billed as her last formal speech before President Barack Obama leaves office, the first lady said at an event honoring high school counselors that the United States belonged to people from all backgrounds and walks of life. “Our glorious diversity - our diversities of faiths and colors and creeds - that is not a threat to who we are, it makes us who we are,” she said. The remarks were reminiscent of her vigorous campaign speeches in favor of Democrat Hillary Clinton during the 2016 election. President-elect Donald Trump has proposed building a wall along the border of Mexico and temporarily banning Muslims from entering the country. “If you or your parents are immigrants, know that you are part of a proud American tradition: the infusion of new cultures, talents and ideas, generation after generation, that has made us the greatest country on earth,” Mrs. Obama said. “If you are a person of faith, know that religious diversity is a great American tradition, too ... And whether you are Muslim, Christian, Jewish, Hindu, Sikh - these religions are teaching our young people about justice and compassion and honesty.” Mrs. Obama gave a series of high profile speeches at campaign events for Clinton last year and made clear her disapproval of Trump for questioning President Obama’s citizenship and for the New York businessman’s treatment of women after a recording was released in which he bragged about groping women. Trump was a leader of the so-called birther movement that questioned whether President Obama, who was born in Hawaii, had been born in the United States. Mrs. Obama has kept a lower public profile since the election. Choking up on Friday, she said being first lady had been the greatest honor of her life. “So that’s my final message to young people as first lady. It is simple. I want our young people to know that they matter, that they belong,” she said. “Lead by example with hope, never fear. And know that I will be with you, rooting for you and working to support you for the rest of my life.” ",1
6470,Trump's EPA pick resigns from Rule of Law Defense Fund: Bloomberg,"(Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump’s pick to lead the Environmental Protection Agency resigned as chairman of the Rule of Law Defense Fund in November, Bloomberg reported on Friday, citing a financial disclosure report filed with the Office of Government Ethics.  Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt, a critic of federal environmental regulation, has been questioned by environmental activists and Democrats on the U.S. Senate’s environmental panel about his ties to the energy industry. After resigning as chairman in November, Pruitt resigned from the board of the Rule of Law Defense Fund in December, Bloomberg said. (bloom.bg/2ilrlLa) The Rule of Law Defense Fund describes itself as a “public policy organization for issues relevant to the nation’s Republican attorneys general.”  The Rule of Law Defense Fund and Trump’s transition team did not respond to a request for comment. Pruitt could not immediately be reached outside regular business hours. Reuters was not immediately able to verify the report with the Office of Government Ethics. ",1
6471,U.S. raises protection of election systems against cyber attacks,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Department of Homeland Security on Friday designated U.S. election infrastructure as critical, widening the options the government has to protect voting machines from cyber attacks. The decision, announced in a statement by DHS Secretary Jeh Johnson, followed a 2016 presidential campaign marred by concerns that hackers could disrupt the election. Also on Friday, U.S. intelligence agencies released a report accusing Russian President Vladimir Putin of directing a campaign to hack Democratic Party computers in an effort to help Republican Donald Trump win the U.S. presidency. U.S. officials determined hackers targeted more than 20 states’ voter registration systems during the election but that there was no evidence tallies were altered when ballots were cast on Nov. 8. Elevating election systems to critical infrastructure puts it on par with other sectors eligible to receive prioritized cyber security assistance from DHS, including communication and transportation systems, the banking industry and the energy grid. Election infrastructure includes polling places, centralized vote tabulations locations, storage facilities and voter registration databases and voting machines, Johnson said. Johnson said he and his staff had consulted with state and local election officials and that he was “aware that many of them are opposed to this designation.” Some conservative states such as Georgia objected when the idea was floated during the  presidential campaign, claiming elections have historically been overseen by local officials. The classification was not “a federal takeover, regulation, oversight or intrusion concerning elections in this country,” Johnson said in a statement. “This designation does nothing to change the role state and local governments have in administering and running elections.” ",1
6472,Pence says Trump will take aggressive action to combat cyber hacking,"(Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump will take aggressive action against cyber hacking in the early days of his government, Vice President-elect Mike Pence told reporters in New York on Friday. In a brief statement he delivered outside Trump Tower, Pence commented on a report by U.S. intelligence agencies that concluded Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered the Russian government to use hacking to try to help Trump win the Nov. 8 election. Trump was briefed on the contents of the report earlier on Friday in what Pence called “a constructive and respectful dialogue.” “The president-elect has made it very clear that we are going to take aggressive action in the early days of our administration to combat cyber attacks and protect the American people from this type of intrusion in the future,” Pence said. ",1
6473,Trump says Mexico would repay U.S. funds spent on border wall,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump said on Friday Mexico would repay the United States for his planned border wall, a day after news emerged that his transition team was exploring getting the Republican-led Congress to vote to approve the funding. Trump told the New York Times he would most likely seek repayment through renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement, which groups the United States, Mexico and Canada. Sean Spicer, a spokesman for Trump, said on Friday the incoming administration would need government funding to build the wall and that Trump said in October Mexico’s payment would be a reimbursement. “The idea that we’re going through the appropriations process and figuring out how to pay for it shouldn’t be news,” he told a briefing, confirming earlier reports on the funding. Trump’s promise to build a wall on the U.S.-Mexico border, and make Mexico pay for it, was a major campaign theme and helped energize his supporters. The suggestion has infuriated Mexican officials who have said they would never agree to pay for a wall. Trump may face resistance in Congress to the idea of the United States paying for the wall. Some Republican lawmakers worry about the high cost and question whether it is the best way to solve the complex issue of illegal migration. Some conservative groups have called for a crackdown on benefits and jobs available to illegal migrants, which they say are a magnet for migration. Republican Representative Luke Messer told reporters on Friday he had proposed legislation to get Mexico to pay for the border wall by ending a child tax credit given to illegal immigrant parents, which he said cost $4.2 billion annually.  “If you close that loophole for two years, you could pay for the higher ticket cost,” Messer said, referring to one estimate that a wall could cost $10 billion. CNN and other media organizations reported on Friday Trump’s transition team had signaled to congressional Republicans that he preferred to fund the wall through Congress as soon as April. In response, Trump tweeted that the media was not reporting that Mexico would repay money spent to build the wall. A ‘Pay for the Wall’ memo Trump’s team issued in early 2016 proposed pressuring Mexico by cutting off remittances from undocumented Mexicans in the United States. It proposed amending the Patriot Act, passed after the Sept. 11, 2001 attacks, to include wire transfers as accounts that could be frozen. “It’s an easy decision for Mexico: make a one-time payment of $5-10 billion to ensure that $24 billion (in remittances) continues to flow into their country year after year,” the memo said. “We have the leverage, so Mexico will back down,” it said. Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto’s office declined to comment on Trump’s comments on Friday. In August, Pena Nieto told Trump Mexico would not pay for a border wall. Representative Martha McSally, the Republican chair of the border and maritime security subcommittee, told Reuters a 2006 law known as the “Secure Fence Act” would give Trump the authority he needs to extend fencing or build a wall. An internal report prepared by U.S. Customs and Border Protection estimates initial costs for expanding border fencing would cost over $11.3 billion. Building a wall would be more costly. Trump has signaled since being elected that he would be open to fencing rather than a wall in some areas.  If funding was tied to a government funding bill, lawmakers could be forced to approve it to avoid a government shutdown. House appropriators have no interest in threatening a shutdown, spokeswoman Jennifer Hing said. “The (appropriations) committee has not received any request from the Trump team or GOP leadership on this issue. If and when a proposal is received, we will take a careful look at it,” she said. The Mexican peso MXN=, which briefly weakened about 0.2 percent against the dollar following Trump's tweet, fell to record lows this week as Trump intensified criticism of businesses making goods in Mexico rather than in the United States. ",1
6474,"As Trump targets Toyota over Mexico, Nissan faces bigger risk","TOKYO (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump has threatened Toyota Motor Corp (7203.T) over its Mexican-built cars, but the biggest risk from a punitive tariff would be for its compatriot Nissan Motor Co (7201.T), the largest automaker operating in the country. Trump has criticized U.S. companies like General Motors (G.N) and Ford Motor Co (F.N) which manufacture abroad, accusing them of costing U.S. jobs. On Thursday he took on Toyota, warning the world’s largest automaker that it would face a “big border tax” if it exported Mexico-built cars to the U.S. market. But it is Nissan, Japan’s second-largest automaker, which would be the bigger victim of any tax punishment. Nissan built its first overseas plant in Mexico in 50 years ago and now produces more than 800,000 cars there, mainly its entry-level Versa and Sentra sedans. Nissan’s production dwarfs that of Toyota, Honda Motor Co (7267.T) and Mazda Motor Corp (7261.T) in Mexico. It exports roughly half of its output to the United States, where it also has production plants.  Vehicles made in Mexico comprise roughly one-quarter of Nissan’s total U.S. vehicle sales, industry experts say, compared with around 30 percent for smaller rival Mazda, but less than 10 percent for Toyota and Honda.   Japanese automakers together produced around 1.4 million vehicles in Mexico in the year ended March, nearly 40 percent of the country’s total output. According to the Japan External Trade Organization, they plan to ramp up production to 1.9 million by 2019. Current production in Mexico is dwarfed by the number of cars they produce in the United States, their single largest market, where Japan’s top three automakers alone produced around 4 million vehicles in 2015.  Trump has said he plans to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement between the United States, Canada and Mexico, and has vowed to impose a 35 percent tariff on cars exported to the United States from Mexico. According to JP Morgan estimates, an increase in tariffs on cars exported from Mexico to the United States to even 10 percent would hit Nissan’s consolidated operating earnings by 10.3 percent, more than 5.5 percent at Mazda. Toyota would see a hit of 0.7 percent, while Honda 2.2 percent. All four Japanese automakers building cars in Mexico said they have no immediate plans to change operations. But Nissan  and Renault SA (RENA.PA) CEO Carlos Ghosn told Reuters he was watching the incoming Trump administration closely and would respond to whatever policies it adopts. “I don’t want to preempt or try to guess what’s going to happen,” Ghosn said in an interview on Thursday, on the sidelines of the CES technology show in Las Vegas, Nevada. “It’s not a question that we are afraid or not afraid, we’re dealing with 160 markets in the world, different powers, different policies, different approaches, so we are used to adapting our strategy to different policies,” he said. One Asian auto executive told Reuters his company long ago made a strategic decision to make Mexico a production hub in North America, and that it is tough to alter its strategy overnight. “We can’t turn back the clock on these decisions,” said the executive, who did not have clearance to speak to media and so declined to be identified. “What we need to explain more clearly (to Trump) is that most automakers are not cutting production capacity or jobs in the United States to make Mexico an additional production hub.” Still, analysts said automakers would likely think twice about expanding production in the country in the coming years. “As long as this administration is in place I suspect (Nissan is) not going consider any additional capacity there,” CLSA analyst Chris Richter said. Trump’s criticisms come just as Japanese automakers are shuffling their production portfolios to boost supply of  popular, higher-margin sport utility vehicles (SUV) and trucks for the U.S. market. Honda last year announced it would expand its U.S. production capacity to build more of its CR-V SUV, while shifting production from Mexico. Toyota has said that its Guanajuato plant under construction in Mexico will produce the entry level Corolla sedan, a vehicle segment currently produced at its plants in Mississippi and Ontario, Canada. Demand for the cars has slumped in recent years as cheap gasoline prices has prompted drivers to buy more SUVs.  “We’re always considering ways to increase production in the United States, regardless of the political situation,” Toyota President Akio Toyoda told reporters on Thursday. ",1
6475,Mexico says rejects threats against investment after Trump remark,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexico’s government said on Friday it rejects any attempt to use threats to influence investment in the country, one day after Donald Trump said Japanese automaker Toyota would have to pay a hefty tax to produce cars in Mexico for U.S. consumers. “The Economy Ministry categorically rejects any attempt to influence investment decisions by companies based on fear or threats,” the ministry said in a brief statement. It made no mention of Toyota or U.S. President-elect Trump. “Toyota Motor said will build a new plant in Baja, Mexico, to build Corolla cars for U.S. NO WAY! Build plant in U.S. or pay big border tax,” Trump had said in a post on Twitter. ",1
6476,Factbox: U.S. intel report on Russian cyber attacks in 2016 election,"(Reuters) - A declassified report by U.S. intelligence agencies said  Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered an effort to help Donald Trump’s electoral chances by discrediting Democrat  Hillary Clinton in the 2016 presidential campaign.  The following quotes are some highlights of the report, which was drafted by the Central Intelligence Agency, the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the National Security Agency, and released on Friday: - “Russian efforts to influence the 2016 U.S. presidential election represent the most recent expression of Moscow’s longstanding desire to undermine the U.S.-led liberal democratic order, but these activities demonstrated a significant escalation in directness, level of activity, and scope of effort compared to previous operations.” - “We assess Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered an influence campaign in 2016 aimed at the U.S. presidential election. Russia’s goals were to undermine public faith in the U.S. democratic process, denigrate Secretary Clinton, and harm her electability and potential presidency. We further assess Putin and the Russian Government developed a clear preference for President-elect Trump. We have high confidence in these judgments.” - “We also assess Putin and the Russian Government aspired to help President-elect Trump’s election chances when possible by discrediting Secretary Clinton and publicly contrasting her unfavorably to him. All three agencies agree with this judgment. CIA and FBI have high confidence in this judgment; NSA has moderate confidence.” - “Moscow’s approach evolved over the course of the campaign based on Russia’s understanding of the electoral prospects of the two main candidates. When it appeared to Moscow that Secretary Clinton was likely to win the election, the Russian influence campaign began to focus more on undermining her future presidency.” - “We did not make an assessment of the impact that Russian activities had on the outcome of the 2016 election.” - “Further information has come to light since Election Day that, when combined with Russian behavior since early November 2016, increases our confidence in our assessments of Russian motivations and goals.” - “Moscow’s influence campaign followed a Russian messaging strategy that blends covert intelligence operations — such as cyber activity — with overt efforts by Russian Government agencies, state-funded media, third-party intermediaries, and paid social media users or ‘trolls’.” - “Russia’s intelligence services conducted cyber operations against targets associated with the 2016 US presidential election, including targets associated with both major U.S.  political parties.” - “We assess with high confidence that Russian military intelligence (General Staff Main Intelligence Directorate or GRU) used the Guccifer 2.0 persona and DCLeaks.com to release U.S. victim data obtained in cyber operations publicly and in exclusives to media outlets and relayed material to WikiLeaks.” - “We assess with high confidence that the GRU relayed material it acquired from the DNC and senior Democratic officials to WikiLeaks. Moscow most likely chose WikiLeaks because of its self-proclaimed reputation for authenticity. Disclosures through WikiLeaks did not contain any evident forgeries.” - “Russia collected on some Republican-affiliated targets but did not conduct a comparable disclosure campaign.”  - “Russian intelligence obtained and maintained access to elements of multiple U.S. state or local electoral boards. DHS (Department of Homeland Security) assesses that the types of systems Russian actors targeted or compromised were not involved in vote tallying.”  - “We assess Moscow will apply lessons learned from its Putin-ordered campaign aimed at the U.S. presidential election to future influence efforts worldwide, including against U.S. allies and their election processes.” - “Immediately after Election Day, we assess Russian intelligence began a spearphishing campaign targeting U.S. Government employees and individuals associated with U.S. think tanks and NGOs in national security, defense, and foreign policy fields. This campaign could provide material for future influence efforts as well as foreign intelligence collection on the incoming administration’s goals and plans.” ",1
6477,White House says it did not leak material used in NBC report,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House said on Friday material used in an NBC report about alleged Russian hacking to influence the 2016 U.S. election was not leaked by the White House. President-elect Donald Trump said earlier on Friday that he would ask congressional committees to investigate NBC’s receipt of top secret information. “I certainly feel confident in saying that is not material that was leaked to the public by the White House,” White House spokesman Josh Earnest told reporters at a daily briefing. ",1
6478,Democrats want strong response to intel report on 2016 election,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The top Democrats on the U.S. Senate and House of Representatives intelligence committees said on Friday a report on Russian activity related to the 2016 U.S. election should inspire a strong response to prevent a repeat. “The strength of America’s democracy will be measured, in part, on how we respond, and the steps we take to develop a robust and proactive cyber strategy,” said Mark Warner, the top Democrat on the Senate panel. Representative Adam Schiff, his counterpart on the House panel, said Congress must undertake “thorough investigations” to determine what happened and how, and how to protect the U.S. government. ",1
6479,U.S. ambassadors appointed by Obama must quit by Inauguration Day,"(Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump’s transition team has issued a blanket mandate for politically appointed ambassadors installed by President Barack Obama to leave their posts by Inauguration Day, the U.S. ambassador to New Zealand said on Friday. “I will be departing on January 20th,” Ambassador Mark Gilbert said in a Twitter message to Reuters. The mandate was issued “without exceptions” through an order sent in a State Department cable on Dec. 23, Gilbert said. He was confirming a report in the New York Times, which quoted diplomatic sources as saying previous U.S. administrations, from both major political parties, have traditionally granted extensions to allow a few such ambassadors, particularly those with school-age children, to remain in place for weeks or months. State Department spokesman John Kirby said it was “common” procedure for all politically-appointed ambassadors to step down as a new U.S. administration comes in on Jan. 20. “All political appointees for the Obama administration were directed to submit their resignation and the due date was Dec. 7, and the resignations are to take effect on Jan. 20,” Kirby told reporters. “That is common, typical practise ... that’s the way it works.” Kirby said, as expected, no career diplomats serving as ambassadors had been asked to resign by the transition team.  He acknowledged, however, that in the past there had been exceptions made for a small number of political appointees to stay on for a short time for personal reasons. “But that is totally in the prerogative of the incoming administration,” he added.  The order could leave the United States without Senate-confirmed envoys for months in critical nations like Germany, Canada and Britain, the New York Times reported. A senior Trump transition official told the newspaper there was no ill will in the move, describing it as a simple matter of ensuring Obama’s overseas envoys leave the government on schedule, just as thousands of political aides at the White House and in federal agencies must do.    Trump has taken a strict stance against leaving any of Obama’s political appointees in place as he prepares to take office on Jan. 20, aiming to break up many of his predecessor’s signature foreign and domestic policy achievements, the newspaper said. Diplomats told the New York Times that the order has thrown their personal lives into a tailspin, leaving them scrambling to secure living arrangements and acquire visas allowing them to stay in their countries so their children can remain in school.   ",1
6480,U.S. intel report says Putin directed cyber campaign aimed at helping Trump,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered “an influence campaign” in 2016 aimed at the U.S. presidential election with the goal of undermining the democratic process and denigrating Democratic rival Hillary Clinton, a new, declassified intelligence report said on Friday. “We further assess Putin and the Russian Government developed a clear preference for President-elect Trump,” the report said. “We also assess Putin and the Russian Government aspired to help President-elect Trump’s election chances when possible by discrediting Secretary Clinton and publicly contrasting her unfavorably to him,” it said.  ",1
6481,Trump to order anti-hacking plan within 90 days of taking office: statement,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump said he had a “constructive” meeting with members of U.S. intelligence agencies on Friday and plans to appoint a team to give him a plan to combat cyber attacks within 90 days of taking office on Jan. 20. “While Russia, China, other countries, outside groups and people are consistently trying to break through the cyber infrastructure of our governmental institutions, businesses and organizations including the Democrat National Committee, there was absolutely no effect on the outcome of the election including the fact that there was no tampering whatsoever with voting machines,” Trump said in a statement after the briefing from spy chiefs who have accused Russia of hacking to interfere in the 2016 U.S. election. Russia denies the allegations. ",1
6482,U.S. Congress certifies Trump's Electoral College victory,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Congress on Friday certified the Electoral College vote that gave Republican Donald Trump his victory in the contentious 2016 presidential election after a raucous half-hour joint session punctuated by Democratic challenges. The Republican businessman, whose presidential campaign was his first bid for public office, garnered 304 electoral votes, compared with 227 won by his Democratic challenger, Hillary Clinton, according to the vote tally read by Vice President Joe Biden. The electoral votes were opened before a joint session of Congress in what is considered a formality for most presidential elections.  Members of the House of Representatives objected to the electoral tally in states including Alabama, Florida, Michigan, Texas, Mississippi and the Carolinas in a symbolic move that exposed lingering dismay over a contentious election campaign. Some members complained about long lines at polling stations while others cited concerns over Russian attempts to influence the result in Trump’s favor. “I object because people are horrified by the overwhelming evidence of Russian interference in our election,” said  Representative Barbara Lee of California before being overruled. Biden denied the objections one by one, at times jocular and apparently determined to finish the tally. “It is over,” he said at one point, to laughter from Republicans. None of the representatives had the backing of a senator, which would have allowed them to suspend the joint session and allow the House and Senate to meet separately to debate the objections. Although Trump, who is set to take office on Jan. 20, won the Electoral College vote that determines the victor, Clinton won the popular vote by nearly 3 million ballots. The election has been shadowed by concerns about Russian hacking of Democratic groups and other forms of intervention during the campaign. Trump, who has repeatedly downplayed possible Russian interference, was due to receive a U.S. intelligence report on the situation later on Friday. He told The New York Times on Friday that the focus on the issue was a “political witch hunt.” The intelligence agencies did not conclude that Russian hacking changed any vote tallies. But House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi said concerns about Russian interference cast a pall over the 2016 vote. “That’s why people have some level of dismay today on the vote ... about the Electoral College,” Pelosi said at a news conference. “How much is known about the foreign disruption of our election?”   ",1
6483,"Anarchists threaten to disrupt Trump inauguration, police say ready","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Anarchist groups have threatened to shut down Republican Donald Trump’s swearing-in as U.S. president, but police in Washington said on Friday they believe the thousands of security officers assigned to the event will be able to head off any disruption. Dozens of activist groups plan to protest the Jan. 20 inauguration of the New York real estate developer, whose supporters are counting on him to fulfill a host of controversial campaign promises including building a wall on the Mexican border and deporting millions of illegal immigrants. Police expect some 900,000 people to flood Washington for the inauguration ceremony, which includes a parade from the U.S. Capitol to the White House along streets thronged with onlookers. Interim Police Chief Peter Newsham told reporters on Friday that in addition to the more than two dozen activist groups that have sought permits for peaceful demonstrations, Washington police were aware of anarchist groups vowing online to interrupt the proceedings. “The fact that you have some folks that are indicating on social media that they’re coming to shut down the inauguration events is something that we will be prepared for,” Newsham said. “We’ve experienced that type of thing before in the city and we’ll be able to handle it.” Asked about the prospect of mass arrests, Newsham said: “That’s one of the things that we have to prepare for, but we don’t anticipate that will be the case.” Protests are planned  before, during and after the inauguration, with the biggest event the Women’s March on Washington on Jan. 21. The National Park Service said Thursday it would start issuing permits for protest sites after civil rights lawyers threatened to sue, saying the agency was quashing dissent. About 3,000 police officers from outside the District, 5,000 National Guard troops and federal agents will staff buffer crowd-control barriers and bag checks, said Brian Ebert, the head of the Secret Service’s District field office. Barriers will be in place to prevent any possible truck attack, such as the attacks in Berlin last month and in Nice, France, in July. A pro-pot lobbying group has vowed to distribute 4,200 joints and light up near the inaugural site to show support for legalization of marijuana nationwide. Marijuana is legal in the District of Columbia but can only be consumed in private. Asked if police would bust smokers, Mayor Muriel Bowser said, “That wouldn’t be our first priority.” ",1
6484,U.S. Congress certifies Trump's Electoral College victory,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Congress on Friday certified the Electoral College vote that gave Republican Donald Trump the victory in the 2016 presidential election. Trump won 304 electoral votes compared to 227 garnered by Democratic presidential contender Hillary Clinton, according to the tally announced by Vice President Joe Biden. ",1
6485,Trump to seek probe of secret report he says was given to NBC,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump said on Friday that he would ask congressional committees to investigate NBC’s receipt of top secret information, apparently referring to a report on Russian hacking to influence the 2016 U.S. election. “I am asking the chairs of the House and Senate committees to investigate top secret intelligence shared with NBC prior to me seeing it,” Trump said in a post on Twitter. Several news outlets carried stories on Thursday evening on a U.S. intelligence report on Russian efforts to influence American presidential election. The report was delivered to President Barack Obama earlier in the day. ",1
6486,Top U.S. senator: Trump administration won't toss Iran deal,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The chair of the U.S. Senate Foreign Relations Committee said  that abrupt rejection of the Iran nuclear deal by the incoming Trump administration could create “a crisis” and that he did not expect such an approach. “To tear it up on the front end, in my opinion, is not going to happen. Instead, we will begin to radically enforce it,” Senator Bob Corker told reporters on Friday at a breakfast sponsored by the Christian Science Monitor. He said he expected strong enforcement of the international agreement, announced in July 2015, in which Iran agreed to curtail its nuclear program in exchange for relief from crippling economic sanctions. Concern about the Iran deal under Trump, who at times has pledged to pull Washington out of it, has led to worries that Tehran would be unable to attract foreign investment and that its economy could collapse. “To me the prudent course of action is to make sure you enforce it, that you hold the UN Security Council accountable,” Corker said. “And in the event the agreement falls apart, it’s someone else that is causing it to fall apart, not a president coming in on day one and ripping up the agreement.” Every Republican in the U.S. Congress, including Corker, objected to the nuclear pact, signed by the United States, Britain, Russia, France, China, Germany and Iran. Dozens of Democrats also objected, but there was too much support for it to prevent its implementation last January. At times on the campaign trail, Trump threatened to scrap the agreement, although he said at other times he would seek a better deal. The Obama administration and other supporters of the nuclear pact said Washington’s backing out would upset the U.S. partners that also signed and risk destabilization by allowing Iran to resume its nuclear development. Corker said Washington had a choice, to strictly enforce the deal or come in and tear it up. “And you can create a crisis on the front-end by doing so,” he said. Corker advocated a wait-and-see approach. “In spite of all the flaws in the agreement, nothing bad is going to happen relative to nuclear development in Iran over the next few years. It’s just not,” he said. ",1
6487,U.S. intel report identifies Russians who gave emails to WikiLeaks -officials," WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The CIA has identified Russian officials who fed material hacked from the Democratic National Committee and party leaders to WikiLeaks at the direction of Russian President Vladimir Putin through third parties, according to a new U.S. intelligence report, senior U.S. officials said on Thursday.  The officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said the Central Intelligence Agency and others have concluded that the Russian government escalated its efforts from discrediting the U.S. election process to assisting President-elect Donald Trump’s campaign.  The intelligence assessment was presented to President Barack Obama on Thursday and will be briefed to Trump on Friday. Trump has rejected the broad intelligence community’s assessment that Russia staged cyber attacks during the election campaign to undermine Democratic rival Hillary Clinton.  Russia has rejected the hacking allegations.  MORE FROM REUTERS* Trump says U.S. funds spent on border wall would be repaid by Mexico* Schumer emerges as Trump's newest punching bag* Beheading attire and sexy suicide vests? Satire of ISIS wives stirs anger and praise “By October, it had become clear that the Russians were trying to help the Trump campaign,” said one official familiar with the full report speaking on the condition of anonymity because the complete version is Top Secret.  In some cases, one official said, the material followed what was called “a circuitous route” from the GRU, Russia’s military intelligence agency, to WikiLeaks in an apparent attempt to make the origins of the material harder to trace, a common practice used by all intelligence agencies, including U.S. ones.  These handoffs, the officials said, enabled WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange to say the Russian government or state agencies were not the source of the material published on his website.  In an interview with Fox News this week, Assange said he did not receive emails stolen from the DNC and Clinton aide John Podesta from “a state party.” Assange did not rule out the possibility that he got the material from a third party.  Details of the report emerged as the top U.S. intelligence official, James Clapper, said on Thursday he was “even more resolute” in his belief that Russia staged cyber attacks on Democrats during the 2016 election campaign.  Not all 17 intelligence agencies participated in preparing the assessment. An unclassified version of the report is expected to be released on Friday morning, two officials said.  The report contains some of what the officials called “minor footnotes” about open questions and other uncertainties, in part because some of the evidence supporting the conclusion is inferential.  One such example, the officials said, was that intercepted messages and conversations among senior Russian officials in Putin’s inner circle indicated they were aware of the hacking campaign and celebrated Trump’s election as a victorious end to the campaign.  The officials declined to discuss the nature of the communications, including whether they were domestic, international, or both.  “People who knew what this was about were celebrating a victory over the United States,” said one official.  Another example of inferential evidence, the officials said, was that as time passed and the early leaks attracted media attention that undermined or eclipsed Clinton’s campaign, the Russians increasingly focused their hacking “almost exclusively” on Democratic rather than Republican targets.  There was also strong resemblance — including the use of the same computer malware — the Russians have used against targets in Europe and the marriage of traditional espionage tactics used by Soviet and Russian intelligence such as bribery, blackmail and internet vulnerabilities, which they said Putin has devoted increasing resources and attention to exploiting.  For example, one official said, the Democratic databases and email servers the Russians hacked also contained personal information that WikiLeaks has not published.  Such information could be used to search for financial, medical, browsing history and other records that can be used to target individuals for recruiting efforts by Russian spies.  ",1
6488,Trump calls storm over Russia hacking 'political witchhunt': NYT,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump called the controversy over Russian hacking during the 2016 presidential campaign a “political witchhunt” on Friday in an interview hours before he was to receive a U.S. intelligence briefing on the topic. “China, relatively recently, hacked 20 million government names,” Trump told the New York Times, referring to the Office of Personnel Management breach in 2014 and 2015. “How come nobody even talks about that? This is a political witch hunt.” He said hackers have infiltrated the White House and Congress. “We’re like the hacking capital of the world,” said Trump. ",1
6489,"U.S. spy chief 'resolute' on Russia cyber attack, differs with Trump","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The top U.S. intelligence official said on Thursday he was “even more resolute” in his belief that Russia staged cyber attacks on Democrats during the 2016 election campaign, rebuking persistent skepticism from Republican President-elect Donald Trump about whether Moscow was involved. James Clapper, the director of national intelligence, said he had a very high level of confidence that Russia hacked Democratic Party and campaign staff email, and disseminated propaganda and fake news aimed at the Nov. 8 election. “Our assessment now is even more resolute than it was” on Oct. 7 when the government first publicly accused Russia, Clapper told a hearing of the Senate Armed Services Committee. He said motives for the attack would be made public next week. Trump on Thursday morning called himself a “big fan” of intelligence agencies. But he has cast doubt on their assessments that Russia targeted the campaign of his opponent, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, drawing ire from his fellow Republicans as well as Democrats who are wary of Moscow and distrust Trump’s praise of Russian President Vladimir Putin. The intelligence officials at Thursday’s hearing said they worried a lack of support from atop the government could prompt valued staff members to leave their agencies. “There’s a difference between healthy skepticism ... and disparagement,” Clapper said. Vice President-elect Mike Pence has used the expression “healthy skepticism” to defend Trump’s criticism of intelligence findings. Central Intelligence Agency Director John Brennan, speaking at the University of Chicago Institute of Politics on Thursday, said that because Trump had never served in government, he was unfamiliar with the intelligence profession. “It doesn’t bother me if someone is going to be skeptical and challenge our work and maybe disagree with our views, but I expect that the president of the United States will recognize that the CIA and intelligence community were established by statute for a very important reason,”  The congressional hearing was overseen by Republican Senator John McCain, a vociferous Russia critic. It was the first in a promised series of briefings and hearings on allegations that Russia tried to disrupt or influence the U.S. campaign, one of the most bitter in recent history. Moscow denies the allegations. McCain told reporters that Senator Lindsey Graham, also a vocal critic of Moscow, would chair a new Armed Services subcommittee dedicated to cyber issues. Trump will be briefed by intelligence agency chiefs on Friday on the hacks. President Barack Obama received a report on the matter on Thursday. An unclassified version will be made public early next week. “I don’t think we’ve ever encountered a more aggressive or direct campaign to interfere in our election process than we’ve seen in this case,” said Clapper, who leaves when Trump becomes president on Jan. 20. Clapper stopped short of declaring Russia’s actions “an act of war,” saying that determination was beyond the scope of his office. Clapper and the two other officials who testified, National Security Agency Director Admiral Mike Rogers, and Marcel Lettre, undersecretary of defense for intelligence, did not say what made U.S. intelligence confident Russia was behind the cyber attacks, a conclusion also reached by several private firms. Obama last week ordered the expulsion of 35 suspected Russian spies and imposed sanctions on two Russian intelligence agencies he said were involved in hacking U.S. political groups such as the Democratic National Committee. The CIA has identified Russian officials who fed material hacked from the DNC and Democratic Party leaders to WikiLeaks at Putin’s direction through third parties, according to a new U.S. intelligence report, senior U.S. officials said.  Documents stolen from the DNC and Clinton’s campaign chairman, John Podesta, were posted on the Internet before the election, embarrassing the campaign. In a tweet on Wednesday, Trump was skeptical about a Russian role in the affair, writing: “(WikiLeaks founder) Julian Assange said ‘a 14 year old could have hacked Podesta’ - why was DNC so careless? Also said the Russians did not give him the info!” But on Thursday, Trump said in another Twitter post that he was not against intelligence agencies or in agreement with Assange. “The media lies to make it look like I am against ‘intelligence’ when in fact I am a big fan!” Trump tweeted. Clapper said Assange had put American lives in danger and deserved no credibility. McCain and other lawmakers also blasted Assange. Senator Claire McCaskill, a Democrat, said there would be “howls” from Republicans if a Democrat described intelligence officials as Trump had. U.S. intelligence officials have said Russian cyber attacks were specifically aimed at helping Trump beat Clinton. Several Republicans have acknowledged the Russian hacking but have not linked it to an effort to help Trump win. Trump and top advisers believe Democrats are trying to delegitimize his victory by accusing Russia of helping him.  Senator Tim Kaine, an Armed Services member who was Clinton’s vice presidential running mate, said: “It is my hope that this Congress is willing to stand in a bipartisan way for the integrity of the electoral process.” Graham said Obama’s actions against Moscow fell short. “I think what Obama did was throw a pebble. I’m ready to throw a rock,” Graham said. “Putin is up to no good and he better be stopped.” ",1
6490,Exclusive: Nissan halts joint development of luxury cars with Daimler - sources,"PARIS (Reuters) - Nissan is halting joint development of luxury cars with Daimler’s Mercedes-Benz, sources close to the companies told Reuters, suspending a key project in their seven-year partnership and potentially hitting profitability at a new shared factory in Mexico. Nissan (7201.T) decided in October its premium Infiniti brand would not use “MFA2”, an upgraded Daimler (DAIGn.DE) car platform that the companies have jointly funded, in part because Infiniti was not performing well enough to absorb Mercedes technology costs, the sources said. “It wasn’t possible to close a deal on the basis of MFA2,” said one of the people. “The targets set by Infiniti were too difficult to achieve.” The move could reduce efficiency at a $1 billion shared factory opening this year in Aguascalientes, Mexico, where the companies had planned to use the same compact car architecture to cut complexity and production costs, two of the sources said. It could also ultimately force Nissan to write down part of a 250 million pound ($306 million) investment at its UK plant that included Mercedes-based tooling, they added. Daimler and Nissan pursue joint programs only when “beneficial for both sides”, the companies said in separate statements to Reuters, without directly addressing emailed questions about their plans for MFA2 vehicles. Projects are constantly reviewed against targets to account for “developments beyond the control of management”, they added, and discussions about joint development of future premium compact cars are ongoing.  Nissan’s decision deals a blow to the broad cooperation deal struck between Renault-Nissan boss Carlos Ghosn and his Daimler counterpart Dieter Zetsche in 2010. It also underscores the mixed results of Nissan’s battle over almost three decades to transform Infiniti into a significant global player in the lucrative luxury car market. The decision predates Donald Trump’s election as the next U.S. president, the sources said, and was unrelated to campaign vows to penalize Mexican imports that have rattled the auto industry. Ford (F.N) on Tuesday scrapped a planned compact car plant in the country. Nissan and Daimler are pushing ahead with Aguascalientes, where they will build Infiniti and Mercedes models for the U.S. and other markets from a single assembly line opening in 2017. The project nonetheless faces weakening U.S. demand for smaller cars that contributed to Ford’s cancellation and has further raised profitability hurdles for new Infiniti compacts. Persistently low oil prices accelerated the market shift to larger vehicles in 2016, Ford sales chief Mark LaNeve said on Wednesday. “All the growth was SUVs and trucks.” Infiniti has struggled outside the United States, last year selling 16,000 vehicles in Western Europe and 230,000 globally - less than 5 percent of Nissan’s overall tally and barely one-tenth of Mercedes’s expected 2 million deliveries. The first Infiniti appeared in 1989, the same year as the launch model for Toyota’s (7203.T) upscale Lexus brand - which has since grown three times bigger by sales. Modern carmakers pursue economies of scale by increasing the number of models built on each underlying platform - an adaptable chassis accommodating different body sizes, engines and alternative component sets for every part of the vehicle. The retreat on luxury compacts leaves intact the sharing of engines between Infiniti and Mercedes, and small cars between Renault and Daimler’s Smart. The three groups also collaborate on vans and pickups. But joint premium car development for Mexican production was “one of the largest projects between the Renault-Nissan alliance and Daimler”, Ghosn said when unveiling the program in 2014. A year later, after upgrading its plant in Sunderland, England, Nissan began building the Infiniti Q30 hatchback on the current MFA architecture developed for the Mercedes A-Class and derivatives. The plant added the QX30 SUV in 2016, extending Infiniti’s push into smaller vehicles. Nissan has now ditched plans to use the updated Mercedes platform for successors to those models planned for Aguascalientes, the sources said - or for any future Infinitis. Other cancellations include a compact Mercedes-based Infiniti Q40 sedan earmarked for the plant in 2018. Instead the single, less efficient assembly line will build Mercedes cars including an A-Class sedan and subsequent mini-SUV alongside Infiniti vehicles based on Renault-Nissan architecture, starting with a new QX50 SUV this year. Nissan was forced to conclude that the Infiniti brand would not command the higher prices required to turn a profit on vehicles stuffed with Mercedes technology, one source explained.  “One of the lessons learned is that if you have the costs of a luxury vehicle but not the pricing, it’s hard to be profitable,” he said. Nissan may end up writing down some Sunderland investment in Mercedes-based tooling that had been intended to outlast the current Q30 and QX30, people with knowledge of the matter said.  The company is still paying its share of MFA2 development costs running to hundreds of millions of euros for a platform it no longer plans to use, they said, but will leave Daimler with a higher share of some production costs in Aguascalientes. The setback may also show the limits of Ghosn’s consensual approach to economies of scale as head of both Renault (RENA.PA) and Nissan, whose 18-year-old alliance is underpinned by significant cross-shareholdings. The slow pace of integration has contributed to upheaval at the recently created alliance powertrain division, charged with  converging Renault and Nissan engineering. Plans to build Infinitis on Mercedes technology had encountered resistance at Nissan from the start, one source said. “Once again, Ghosn has been unable to break through the wall of engineers to force commonality.” ",1
6491,Japan defends Toyota after Trump broadside over Mexican plant,"TOKYO (Reuters) - The Japanese government defended Toyota Motor Corp (7203.T) on Friday as an “important corporate citizen” of the United States, after President-elect Donald Trump singled out the automaker and threatened to slap punitive tariffs on its Mexico-built cars. Trump has repeatedly hit out at U.S. companies for using lower-cost factories abroad at the expense of jobs at home. He has slammed U.S. automakers, including Ford (F.N) which this week scrapped a planned $1.6 billion Mexico plant. But the attack overnight on Toyota is his first against a foreign automaker. “Toyota Motor said will build a new plant in Baja, Mexico, to build Corolla cars for U.S. NO WAY! Build plant in U.S. or pay big border tax,” Trump tweeted. Toyota shares fell more than 3 percent before recovering, and Honda Motor Co (7267.T) and Nissan Motor Co (7201.T) slid around 2 percent - even as the government and analysts sought to brush off the impact of the attack.  Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told reporters on Friday that Toyota was an “important corporate citizen”, while Trade Minister Hiroshige Seko stressed the contribution of Japanese companies to U.S. employment. “We think the impact on business performance is limited,” Akira Kishimoto, a senior analyst at JP Morgan, said in a note. “A cool judgement is needed.”     Toyota’s exposure to Mexico is limited, Kishimoto said, adding that even an “extreme case” tariff of 20 percent would hit its operating profit by around 6 percent. Trump has threatened a 35 percent tariff on cars imported from Mexico. Toyota is just one of a host of companies operating in Mexico. It has an assembly plant in Baja California, where it produces the Tacoma pick-up truck, and where it could increase production. Trump’s tweet, however, confused Toyota’s existing Baja plant with the planned $1 billion plant in Guanajuato, where construction got under way in November, days after the election. The Guanajuato plant will build Corollas and have an annual capacity of 200,000 when it comes online in 2019, shifting production of the small car from Canada.  Baja produces around 100,000 pick-up trucks and truck beds annually. Toyota said in September it would increase output of pick-up trucks by more than 60,000 units annually.  Other Japanese automakers and suppliers in Mexico include Nissan, which has been in Mexico for decades after choosing it as the site for its first assembly plant outside Asia. Nissan has two facilities there, producing 830,000 units in the year to March 2016. Honda operates two assembly and engine plants with a total annual capacity of 263,000 vehicles, and a transmission plant with an annual capacity of 350,000 units.       Aisin Seiki Co (7259.T) and Denso Corp (6902.T), both suppliers to Toyota and other carmakers, have two and three plants, respectively, in Mexico. Parts makers tend to cluster near assembly plants under the industry’s “just-in-time” production philosophy.  ",1
6492,China sales vroom in 2016 for global automakers; dull 2017 looms,"BEIJING (Reuters) - Global automakers reported a surge in China sales last year as consumers rushed to take advantage of a tax cut on small-engine cars, but cautioned 2017 would be tougher for the industry as the incentive is rolled back and the broader economy slows. Toyota Motor Corp, Ford Motor Co and Nissan Motor Co Ltd on Friday each reported sales growth of 8 percent or better for 2016, although Honda Motor Co Ltd led the pack with a 24 percent growth. Toyota, which reported an 8.2 percent rise in China sales last year, sees growth slowing in 2017 as slightly higher taxes keep some buyers away from the world’s biggest auto market. It expects to sell at least 1.2 million vehicles, steady from 2016. “We are not being strictly volume focused. We would like to do so (increase volumes) while boosting car quality and keep our customer base satisfied with our products and service,” a Beijing-based Toyota spokesman told Reuters.  While Honda expects to sell more vehicles in China this year, it forecast a significantly slower growth rate of 7.4 percent, roughly in line with a slowing economy.  Demand for cars in China got a shot in the arm in 2016 ahead of a planned expiry of lower taxes at year-end. Sales will come under pressure this year, but not fall sharply, given a decision to slowly roll back the incentive instead of abruptly ending it. The purchase tax on cars with engines of 1.6 litres or smaller in China, at 5 percent now, will rise to 7.5 percent this year before returning to 10 percent in 2018. Overall passenger car sales in China could have dropped 2 percent this year had the tax cut expired on Dec. 31, but are now expected to grow by 3-5 percent, consultancy Automotive Foresight said.  Analysts, however, cautioned that car sales could fall in the first quarter as consumers fearing the policy would end in 2016 moved ahead their purchases instead of waiting until 2017. “In late 2016 we definitely saw pull forward effects in engines below 1.6 liter. This will effect the Q1 negatively,” a sales executive at a major foreign automaker told Reuters.  Honda posted the biggest growth in China sales last year among automakers reporting Friday, powered by a steady stream of new models, mainly in the hot sport-utility vehicle segment. Vehicle sales by Honda rose to 1.25 million in 2016, while Ford reported a growth of 11.9 percent to 1.24 million vehicles. But with premium Lincoln brand car sales, which are not consistently included in monthly data releases, Ford’s sales totaled 1.27 million, giving it an edge over Toyota and Honda. All three, however, continued to lag Nissan Motor Co Ltd in China sales. Nissan’s sales grew 8.4 percent to 1.35 million vehicles in the country last year.  General Motors Co and Volkswagen continue to be the market leaders in China. On Thursday, GM and its joint venture partners reported sales of 3.87 million vehicles in China for 2016, up 7.1 percent. The full-year figures come in spite of sales slipping for several brands in the final month, with GM, Honda and Toyota all reporting a year-on-year drop for December with news China was not completely ending its tax incentive making its impact felt. ",1
6493,Germany says can't figure out Trump's foreign policy goals,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German officials who have held talks with members of U.S. President-elect Donald Trump’s transition team have not been able to figure out what kind of foreign and security policy his administration wants to pursue, a spokesman said on Friday. “It ultimately remains the case that there still is no clear, coherent and comprehensive picture of what kind of foreign and security policy the new Trump administration wants to pursue in the world,” Foreign Ministry spokesman Martin Schaefer told a regular government news conference. Trump has repeatedly praised Russian President Vladimir Putin and nominated people seen as friendly toward Moscow to senior administration posts. Should Trump seek to improve relations with Kremlin, he could unsettle Germany, whose Chancellor Angela Merkel has supported the extension of European Union sanctions against Russia over its role in the conflict in Ukraine. ",1
6494,Democratic leader Schumer emerges as Trump's newest punching bag,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump, who insulted rivals during his 2016 campaign with nicknames such as “Crooked Hillary” and “Little Marco,” has a new nemesis: U.S. Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer, a man he derides as a “clown.” The rhetorical banter that erupted between the two New Yorkers this week centered on a fight over Republican plans to dismantle Obamacare, an effort that Trump has put at the top of his domestic agenda. Just two weeks before he is to be sworn in as the 45th U.S. president, Trump has taken to Twitter to denigrate the hard-charging senator, someone he feted at a fundraiser in 2008 for Democratic senators at the real estate magnate’s posh Florida oceanside estate. Schumer, whose Democrats are in the minority in the Senate but still have enough muscle to potentially block some of Trump’s legislative initiatives, clashed with the president-elect as Republicans this week took the first steps to try to gut President Barack Obama’s signature healthcare law known as Obamacare. Schumer used Trump’s “Make America Great” campaign slogan to mock the Republican repeal effort, saying it would “make America sick again.” On Twitter, Trump shot back that Democrats were to blame for what he called the “failed Obamacare disaster.” He added: “Don’t let the Schumer clowns out of this web.” On Thursday, Trump wrote on Twitter that Democrats were being led by “head clown Chuck Schumer.” That prompted the Senate Democratic leader to say that Trump should stop wasting his time calling people names and instead “roll up his sleeves” and come up with a workable substitute for Obamacare. At campaign rallies last year, Trump attacks on Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton as “Crooked Hillary” stirred enthusiasm among his supporters who chanted “lock her up.” During the heated primary campaign season, Trump swatted at rival Republican presidential candidates Ted Cruz, Jeb Bush and Marco Rubio with cries of “Lyin’ Ted,” “low-energy” Bush and “Little Marco.” The mocking may have been unorthodox, but it proved part of a winning formula, sweeping Trump’s opponents off the stage. Matthew Green, a Catholic University political science professor, said Trump is tangling with a different kind of opponent in Schumer. “He can name-call Democratic leaders in Congress, but he can’t get rid of them. They still occupy the legislative branch,” Green said. On the other hand, engaging with Trump carries risks for Schumer, who undoubtedly will feel pressure from the more liberal wing of the Democratic Party if he cuts deals, especially given the ire Trump stirs among millions of Democratic voters. Trump has outlined an ambitious legislative agenda including overhauling the tax code, a $1 trillion infrastructure investment program and renegotiating major trade deals, while also pumping up U.S. defense spending. Thomas Quinn, a Democratic activist and long-time Washington lobbyist, said Trump was fortunate to have Schumer as the top Democrat in the Senate, because, like Trump, the senator likes to cut deals and is a somewhat moderate Democrat. In some ways, Schumer is tailor-made for Trump. Both are bold New Yorkers expert at capturing media attention. However, their paths have rarely crossed until now.       Tony Sayegh, a New York-based Republican campaign strategist whose Jamestown Associates firm did work for Trump, warned that unless Democrats cooperate with Trump, he will use his bully pulpit to win public support. “Can you picture Air Force One landing in Indiana, in Montana, in western Pennsylvania, eastern Ohio, central Michigan, and northern Wisconsin, and Donald Trump walks out and gets crowds these politicians could never dream of getting?”  ",1
6495,Trump team has differences of opinion on shaping spy agencies: sources,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - There is disagreement within President-elect Donald Trump’s camp about the structure of the top U.S. intelligence agency when he takes office and it is unclear whether his national security adviser will prevail in advocating a reorganization, sources familiar with the matter said on Thursday. At issue is the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (ODNI), which Congress created after the Sept. 11 attacks to better coordinate the efforts of U.S. intelligence agencies to protect the United States. Trump security adviser Michael Flynn, who as head of the Pentagon’s Defense Intelligence Agency under President Barack Obama sometimes clashed with other intelligence agencies, favors restructuring and paring back the ODNI, the sources said. But one source close to the Trump transition cautioned that the outcome is not certain. “There is a general consensus that the ODNI is too big and grown too fast. Some around him (Trump) believe this, but whether they plan to address it or how, I just don’t know,” said the source, who like others requested anonymity to discuss the Trump team’s internal deliberations. Flynn has had a fraught relationship with the ODNI. After complaints over his management style at the Defense Intelligence Agency, he was fired by Director of National Intelligence James Clapper. A senior transition official told Reuters on Thursday that Trump has picked former U.S. Senator Dan Coats as his director of national intelligence - a sign Trump does not plan to try to eliminate ODNI. A U.S. official familiar with Coats’ views suggested he would not move precipitously to overhaul U.S. intelligence agencies. “Any possible reforms to the structure of the intelligence community, he would approach with great caution and responsibility,” the official said. Relations between Trump and U.S. intelligence agencies are extraordinarily rocky even before he is sworn in on Jan. 20. Trump disparaged the spy agencies’ conclusions that Russia was behind hacks of the Democratic National Committee and the campaign staff of his 2016 election opponent Hillary Clinton. Clapper told Congress Thursday he was “even more resolute” that Russia staged cyber attacks, rebuking Trump’s skepticism. Trump was scheduled to be briefed on Friday on an intelligence report that reaches that conclusion. Russia has denied the hacking allegations. “I think the president-elect is more skeptical of the conclusions that are drawn from the raw data rather than the intelligence in the raw data that’s provided,” Trump spokesman Sean Spicer told reporters on Wednesday. Coats, according to another U.S. official familiar with his views, said he knew a lot about Europe and Russia and may well “butt heads with Trump over Russia.” The Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday that Trump is working with top advisers to restructure and reduce the size of the ODNI. That report largely reflects the views of Flynn, said a  source familiar with the retired lieutenant general’s thinking who declined to be identified. Trump spokesman Sean Spicer on Thursday rejected the report. “There is no truth to this idea of restructuring the intelligence community infrastructure,” Spicer said. “All transition activities are for information gathering purposes and all discussions are tentative.” A broad intelligence reorganization would require congressional action. Congress created ODNI in a 2004 law that makes it the parent of 16 other U.S. intelligence agencies, ranging from the CIA and the DIA to the eavesdropping National Security Agency and the State Department’s intelligence bureau. Flynn, who served as a top military intelligence officer in Afghanistan and Iraq, is said by those familiar with his views to favor major changes at the CIA as well. Both on the battlefield and at the DIA, Flynn pushed for intelligence personnel to be moved out of compounds and offices and closer to front lines, where Flynn believed they would be more effective intelligence collectors, said the source familiar with his views. Flynn would like the CIA to reorganize itself along these lines, the source said. The CIA was just reorganized last year, however, to bring frontline spies and backroom analysts together in new units focused tightly on specific issues or regions. Republican congressman Mike Pompeo, Trump’s choice for CIA director, is known to share Flynn’s views about the need for restructuring at CIA, the source said. But two other people familiar with Trump transition discussions said Pompeo has not been involved in talks about possible CIA reorganization. ",1
6496,Republicans act to curb U.S. regulation; Democrats poised for fight,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republicans lawmakers on Thursday pressed ahead in trying to strip down U.S. regulations, with the House of Representatives passing a bill that requires Congressional approval of major rulemakings that could affect areas ranging from the environment to education. The House voted 237 to 187 on legislation known as the “REINS Act” that is intended to keep agencies from pumping out new rules.  “Excessive regulation means higher prices, lower wages, fewer jobs, less economic growth and a less competitive America,” House Judiciary Committee Chairman Bob Goodlatte said before the vote, echoing the anti-regulation sentiment popular in his party. President-elect Donald Trump has promised to roll back regulation, saying it would boost economic growth. The Judiciary Committee’s senior Democrat, John Conyers, called the REINS Act “gumming-the-works legislation” that imposes unworkable deadlines and prescribes convoluted procedures in order to “end rulemaking as we know it.” “Without question, it was the lack of regulatory controls that facilitated rampant predatory lending, which nearly destroyed our nation’s economy,” Conyers said, referring to the 2007-09 financial crisis and recession. “It led to millions of home foreclosures and devastated neighborhoods across America. In fact, it nearly caused a global economic meltdown.”   On Wednesday, the House passed a bill giving Congress the power to kill dozens of new rules at once. On Thursday Republican Senator Ron Johnson introduced an identical companion bill in the Senate. The legislation would allow lawmakers to bundle a variety of rules finalized since May together for a single vote of disapproval. Under a law known as the Congressional Review Act, Congress currently can only vote to void rules one-by-one. That could take days, given the high number of recently enacted rules that rankle Republicans on energy, the environment, transportation, finance, education and communications. Disapproval votes require simple majorities to pass. Senate Democrats, however, are poised to block Johnson’s bill and most other anti-regulation legislation. Many in the party believe regulations benefit and protect individuals. While Republicans control Congress, and in a couple of weeks will take over the White House, Democrats can cripple their efforts through Senate filibusters and possibly start a protracted fight over regulations. “This legislation would make the process much quicker, but I’m committed to working as long as we need to in order to take advantage of the Congressional Review Act,” Johnson said. “We ought to work 24-7 if necessary to bring regulatory relief to American consumers and businesses.” ",1
6497,U.S. agency to free up protest sites during Trump inauguration,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Protesters will get public sites for demonstrations during Republican Donald Trump’s presidential inauguration, a major federal land agency said on Thursday, after being threatened with a lawsuit from civil rights lawyers who accused it of quashing dissent. Up to 900,000 people are expected to pack into the U.S.  capital for the New York businessman’s Jan. 20 swearing-in to his first political office. Some plan to protest Trump’s more controversial promises, including plans to build a wall along the Mexican border and deport illegal immigrants. Only three of the more than 30 groups seeking to stage rallies either protesting or celebrating Trump’s election independently of the Trump Presidential Inaugural Committee have received permits to use National Park Service land before, during or after Trump’s inauguration. The agency said it expected to begin issuing permits for demonstration sites on park land in coming days, an announcement that came a few hours after the Partnership for Civil Justice Fund said it would sue if the permits were not issued by Friday. “We believe that this is a significant victory for free speech. They are doing this under threat of litigation,” Mara Verheyden-Hilliard, the fund’s executive director, said in a telephone interview. The Park Service had maintained it was following a procedure in place since 2008 by turning over control of sites, including along the parade route from the Capitol to the White House, to Trump’s Presidential Inaugural Committee. Agency spokesman Mike Litterst said the Park Service would regain control of permits for the Ellipse, a grassy area south of the White House, from the inaugural committee on Jan. 21. Litterst said in an email that the agency was working with more than 30 permit applicants and was still receiving requests.    The Park Service has been under a court order since 2008 mandating it to guarantee free speech during presidential inaugurations. Three liberal groups, the ANSWER Coalition, the American Constitution Society and the Black is Back Coalition, have been permitted to hold events near the parade route, but only ANSWER was granted one for Inauguration Day, according to the Park Service permits website. Some 3,000 police officers and 7,000 National Guard troops from outside the District will be on hand to help provide security at Trump’s swearing in, Chris Geldart, the District of Columbia’s homeland security director said in a phone interview. The biggest inauguration protest, the Women’s March on Washington on Jan. 21, will go on regardless of the dispute over protest sites since it will be held on city streets. At least one protest could come with a cloud of marijuana smoke, as the DCMJ pro-pot lobbying group, which spearheaded the legalization of the drug in Washington D.C. in 2015, plans to distribute 4,200 joints near the inaugural site. Smoking marijuana along the parade route would violate the laws of both the District of Columbia - which allows it only in private spaces - and the federal government, which bans it outright. ",1
6498,Trump picks former U.S. Senator Coats as director of national intelligence,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump on Thursday picked former U.S. Senator Dan Coats as his director of national intelligence, two senior transition officials said, as he puts his stamp on a U.S. intelligence community that he frequently criticizes. The official announcement was expected this week as Trump makes decisions on some of the remaining major positions he must fill as he prepares to take over the White House on Jan. 20. Coats, 73, is a traditional conservative from Indiana who just finished a six-year term in the U.S. Senate. He was also  U.S. ambassador to Germany for Republican President George W. Bush.  Coats “would be an excellent choice,” Senate Intelligence Chairman Richard Burr, a North Carolina Republican, told reporters. “Because Dan’s got the experience, he’s got the leadership skills having been an ambassador and I think his time on the committee has served him to understand what that role entails.” One Democratic official familiar with Coats’ background and views described him as a “very reasonable guy.” Another U.S. official familiar with intelligence matters said he was “very well respected on both sides of the aisle.” A source close to the transition said Trump had also considered New Jersey Governor Chris Christie for the job but that Christie had chosen not to take it. Trump has repeatedly expressed doubts about the U.S. intelligence community’s assessment that Russia had a hand in hacking during the presidential campaign. The Democratic official said Coats knew a lot about Europe and Russia and might “butt heads with Trump over Russia.” The president-elect was to get a briefing about the intelligence community’s findings on the topic from senior U.S. officials on Friday at Trump Tower in New York. Some U.S. intelligence officials on Thursday welcomed Coats’ selection, saying they hoped his appointment was a sign that Trump was seeking to mend fences with the intelligence community after months of enmity over its assessment that Russia tried to influence the 2016 election through hacking. One official, speaking on condition of anonymity to discuss a domestic political issue, said he hoped that if confirmed by the Senate, Coats could negotiate what he called “a truce” between the intelligence community and Trump’s choice for national security adviser, retired Army Lieutenant General Mike Flynn, who was fired as Defense Intelligence Agency director by the current director of national intelligence, James Clapper. Coats has been a vigorous defender of government surveillance programs, having voted against congressional reforms to the National Security Agency’s bulk collection of U.S. call records in 2015. While on the Senate Intelligence Committee, Coats also joined other Republican members in 2014 in approving a minority report that defended the CIA’s use of harsh interrogation methods against detainees in secret foreign prisons, saying the program “saved lives and played a vital role in weakening al Qaida.” The conclusion contrasted with the majority report that found the program failed to produce significant intelligence and that the CIA misled the Bush administration, Congress and the American public about the use of so-called Enhanced Interrogation Techniques. The techniques included waterboarding, which simulates drowning and was condemned as torture by President Barack Obama, other senior officials and lawmakers, and human rights experts    Trump was also nearing decisions on two other Cabinet positions, agriculture secretary and secretary of veterans affairs, with announcements expected soon, the source close to the transition said. The leading candidate to lead the U.S. Department of Agriculture was former Georgia Governor Sonny Perdue, although one source said Idaho Governor Butch Otter was also in the mix. For Veterans Affairs, Trump met on Tuesday with Leo Mackay Jr., a former deputy secretary for veterans affairs and a senior vice president of Lockheed Martin Corp (LMT.N), about the Cabinet post. ",1
6499,Kerry says he accepts U.S. intelligence assessment on Russian hacking,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said on Thursday he accepted the U.S. intelligence assessment that the “highest level” of the Russian government was responsible for cyber attacks during the 2016 U.S. presidential campaign. Asked during a news conference if he thought Russian President Vladimir Putin directed the hacking of the Democratic National Committee, Kerry said: “I accept the judgment of the intelligence community that this went to the highest level” of the Russian government. ",1
6500,Democrats demand probe of Trump health nominee,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Senate Democrats on Thursday demanded an ethics probe into Tom Price, President-elect Donald Trump’s pick for U.S. health secretary, following a report that the fierce Obamacare critic traded in healthcare company stocks while pushing legislation in Congress that could affect those shares. Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer and others made their comments as congressional Republicans moved ahead with their long-desired effort to dismantle President Barack Obama’s Affordable Care Act, and signaled the vehemence with which Democrats will fight to protect the 2010 law. Price is an orthopedic surgeon and a Republican congressman from Georgia who, if confirmed by the Senate as Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) secretary, would be given the task of carrying out Trump’s promise to gut the law that has enabled up to 20 million previously uninsured Americans to obtain medical coverage. The Democrats called on the independent Office of Congressional Ethics (OCE), which examines misconduct allegations involving House of Representatives members, to investigate Price’s stock trades. The Wall Street Journal last month reported that Price bought and sold more than $300,000 in stock in about 40 healthcare, pharmaceutical and biomedical companies over the past four years while sponsoring and advocating legislation that could influence those companies’ shares. “Every American should be shocked by this,” Schumer told a news conference. “We don’t know if he broke the law,” Schumer said of Price. “But there are certainly enough serious questions to warrant a serious investigation before any hearing is held on Congressman Price to become secretary of HHS.” Democratic Senator Patty Murray said lawmakers want to know what nonpublic information Price may have had when the transactions at issue were made. Phil Blando, a Trump transition spokesman, called Schumer’s demands a “stunt” to deflect attention from Obamacare’s “dismal record.” Price, asked by Reuters in a Capitol hallway for a reaction to Schumer’s comments, replied, “We’re looking forward to a positive and productive confirmation hearing.” A 2012 law prohibits members and employees of Congress from using “any nonpublic information” stemming from the person’s position or gained while performing their job for personal benefit. The nonpartisan watchdog group Public Citizen also asked the ethics office, as well as the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, to investigate Price and another Republican congressman, Chris Collins of New York, for possible violations of insider trading and conflict-of-interest laws and rules. Public Citizen said that, while serving in the House, Collins also sat on the board of directors of Australian biotech company Innate Immunotherapeutics Ltd (IIL.AX) and was its largest shareholder, with a 17 percent stake. It said Price also bought shares in the company. Collins serves as the Trump transition team’s congressional liaison. Collins spokesman Michael McAdams said in a statement the congressman “has followed all ethical guidelines related to his personal finances during his time in the House and will continue to do so.” House Republicans had moved on Monday to weaken the ethics office but backtracked a day later after criticism from Democrats and Trump. Trump transition spokesman Blando said the ethics questions Schumer raised about Price should be directed to three sitting Democratic senators, Delaware’s Tom Carper, Virginia’s Mark Warner and Rhode Island’s Sheldon Whitehouse, “who own and have traded hundreds of thousands of dollars in pharmaceutical and health insurance company stocks.” “Hypocrisy is apparently alive and well this morning in Washington,” Blando said. A Warner spokeswoman said his investments were managed by an independent trustee. A Whitehouse spokesman said the senator does not direct his trading. A Carper spokeswoman said he has submitted thorough financial disclosures and “always complied with every requirement and regulation.” Republicans will control the White House and Congress once Trump takes office on Jan. 20. In a series of Twitter posts on Thursday, Trump blasted the Democrats over Obamacare, taunting Schumer as “head clown.” “It is time for Republicans & Democrats to get together and come up with a healthcare plan that really works - much less expensive & FAR BETTER!” Trump wrote. Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan said he expects the legislative work on repealing and replacing Obamacare to be completed this year. “What date all of this gets phased in on is something we do not now know,” Ryan added. Ryan indicated that a Republican proposal to strip women’s healthcare organization Planned Parenthood of federal funding will be included in the Obamacare repeal legislation. Planned Parenthood draws the ire of many Republicans because it provides abortions, as well as cancer screenings and other services. Republicans criticize Obamacare, one of Obama’s signature accomplishments in his eight years in office, as an excessive government intrusion into the healthcare market and contend it is harming job growth by burdening businesses. Democrats said Obamacare has extended insurance to millions of Americans and curbed abuses by private insurers such as refusing to provide policies to people with pre-existing medical conditions. ",1
6501,Comey defends actions during 'challenging' U.S. election year,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - FBI Director James Comey on Thursday defended his handling of Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton’s email investigation during the contentious U.S. presidential election, according to a message to FBI staff reported by ABC News. Comey and the Federal Bureau of Investigation came under criticism from Republicans and Democrats amid its investigation into Democrat Hillary Clinton’s use of a personal email server while U.S. secretary of state.  “I would be lying if I said the external criticism doesn’t bother me at all, but the truth is, it doesn’t bother me much because of the way we made the decision,” Comey said in the New Year’s message, ABC reported. “At every turn last year, we were faced with choosing among bad options and making decisions we knew would bring a torrent of criticism.” The most furious criticism came after Comey disclosed that the FBI was examining a trove of newly discovered Clinton emails just 11 days before the Nov. 8 vote.  The new trove did not change the FBI’s decision not to recommend criminal charges against Clinton, Comey said a week later. But Clinton cited his decision as a turning point that cost her the election to Republican businessman Donald Trump. ",1
6502,Massachusetts sheriff offers prison inmates to build Trump's wall,"BOSTON (Reuters) - A Massachusetts county sheriff has proposed sending prison inmates from around the United States to build the proposed wall along the Mexican border that is one of U.S. President-elect Donald Trump’s most prominent campaign promises. “I can think of no other project that would have such a positive impact on our inmates and our country than building this wall,” Bristol County Sheriff Thomas Hodgson said at his swearing-in ceremony for a fourth term in office late Wednesday.  “Aside from learning and perfecting construction skills, the symbolism of these inmates building a wall to prevent crime in communities around the country, and to preserve jobs and work opportunities for them and other Americans upon release, can be very powerful,” he said. Hodgson, who like Trump is a Republican, said inmates from around the country could build the proposed wall, described by Trump as a powerful deterrent to illegal immigration. Trump, who will be sworn in on Jan. 20, insisted during his campaign that he would convince the Mexican government to pay for the wall, though Mexican officials have repeatedly said they would not do so. Officials in the Trump transition office did not immediately respond to a request for comment. The United States has a long history of prison labor, with advocates of the idea saying that putting inmates to work can help them learn skills that prepare them for their return to society after completing their sentences. Opponents contend that inmates are not fairly compensated. The federal prisons system operates some 53 factories around the United States that produced about $500 million worth of clothing, electronics, furniture and other goods in the fiscal year ended Sept. 30, according to its financial statements. Still, an attorney for the American Civil Liberties Union in Massachusetts said Hodgson’s proposal could violate prisoners’ rights. “The proposal is perverse, it’s inhumane and very likely unconstitutional,” ACLU staff counsel Laura Rotolo said in a phone interview. “It certainly has nothing to do with helping prisoners in Massachusetts or their families. It’s about politics.” In response to a request by the Trump transition office, the Department of Homeland Security last month identified more than 400 miles (644 km) along the U.S.-Mexico border where new fencing could be erected, according to a document seen by Reuters.  The document contained an estimate that building that section of fence would cost more than $11 billion. ",1
6503,Reports that Trump eyeing revamp of spy agencies are false: spokesman,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Donald Trump’s spokesman on Thursday rejected media reports that said the Republican president-elect was planning to restructure the nation’s intelligence agencies, calling the reports “100 percent false.” “There is no truth to this idea of restructuring the intelligence community infrastructure,” Trump spokesman Sean Spicer told reporters in a conference call. “All transition activities are for information gathering purposes and all discussions are tentative.”  ",1
6504,Ryan says expects legislation to replace Obamacare this year,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said on Thursday he expected to have legislation to replace, as well as repeal, the Affordable Care Act this year. “Our legislating will occur this year,” Ryan, a Wisconsin Republican, said at a news briefing. “What date all of this gets phased in on is something we do not now know,” partly because the administration is not in office yet.  ",1
6505,U.S. intelligence chief says Russia involvement in 2016 election unprecedented,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Director of National Intelligence James Clapper said on Thursday that Russia has a “long history” of interfering in elections, but that U.S. officials had never encountered activity like its efforts during the 2016 U.S. campaign. “The Russians have a long history of interfering in elections. Theirs and other people’s... This goes back to the 60s, from the heyday of the Cold War,” he testified to the Senate Armed Services Committee. However, he added, “I don’t think we’ve ever encountered a more aggressive or direct campaign to interfere in our election process than we’ve seen in this case.”  ",1
6506,U.S. intelligence chiefs call Russia 'major' cyber threat to U.S.,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Russia is a major threat to a wide range of U.S. interests because of its “highly-advanced offensive cyber program” and sophisticated capabilities, senior U.S. intelligence officials said on Thursday. “Russia is a full-scope cyber actor that poses a major threat to U.S. government, military, diplomatic, commercial and critical infrastructure,” James Clapper, the Director of National Intelligence, Marcel Lettre, Undersecretary of Defense for intelligence, and Admiral Michael Rogers, director of the National Security Agency, said in joint testimony prepared for a hearing of the Senate Armed Services Committee. ",1
6507,Senator McCain says Russia hacking probe not intended to question U.S. election result,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican U.S. Senator John McCain said on Thursday the goal of the intelligence community’s review of Russian hacking and any influence on the 2016 U.S. election is not intended to question the result of the November poll. He also told a hearing of the Senate Armed Services Committee on cyber security issues that the panel, which he chairs, intends to hold a series of hearings on the issue during the coming months. ",1
6508,"With one bill, Republicans fast track plan to undo Obama regulations","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. House of Representatives passed legislation on Wednesday giving Congress the power to kill dozens of recently enacted rules in one fell swoop, as Republicans charged ahead on their campaign to strip down federal regulations. It was the second time the Republican-dominated chamber took up legislation blocking “midnight rules,” those rolled out at the close of a president’s term. But the previous bill, introduced in November, had faced a certain veto from President Barack Obama, a Democrat.  On its second day back in session, the House passed the bill on a vote of 238 to 184. The Senate is expected to soon consider companion legislation, which could face a harder time because it would need eight votes from Democrats.  Under a law known as the Congressional Review Act, Congress has the right to review regulations for a certain period of time after they are issued. That means any federal regulation approved since May could be voided by the Republican-led Congress once President-elect Donald Trump moves into the White House and can sign off on their disapproval.  It takes only a simple majority of both chambers to reverse a rule, giving Senate Democrats little power to block a vote with a filibuster. As disapproving each regulation separately could span days, Republicans would like to simply vote once to end a variety of new rules on energy, the environment, transportation, banking, finance, education and media ownership. Many Wall Street regulations inspired by the 2007-09 financial crisis have only recently taken final form or are on the cusp of completion, putting them in the disapproval line of fire. That includes two pending rules on payday lending and mandatory arbitration clauses in contracts - both of which have raised Republican ire. “Because outgoing administrations are no longer accountable to the voters, they are much more prone to issue midnight regulations that fly in the face of the electoral mandate the voters just gave the new, incoming administration,” said House Judiciary Committee Chairman Bob Goodlatte before the vote. “Waves of midnight rules can also be very hard for Congress or a new administration to check adequately.” Cutting down regulation was a near-constant theme in Republican political campaigns last year, and is part of House Speaker Paul Ryan’s “Better Way” agenda. The House is also expected to consider soon legislation that would require a congressional vote of approval for any new regulation.  							   ",1
6509,U.S. obtained evidence after election that Russia leaked emails: officials," WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. intelligence agencies obtained what they considered to be conclusive evidence after the November election that Russia provided hacked material from the Democratic National Committee to WikiLeaks through a third party, three U.S. officials said on Wednesday.  U.S. officials had concluded months earlier that Russian intelligence agencies had directed the hacking, but had been less certain that they could prove Russia also had controlled the release of information damaging to Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton.  REUTERS RECOMMENDS:   Amazon, Forever 21 kick the tires at American Apparel Child monks in the Indian Himalayas  The timing of the additional intelligence is important because U.S. President Barack Obama has faced criticism from his own party over why it took his administration months to respond to the cyber attack. U.S. Senate and House leaders, including prominent Republicans, have also called for an inquiry.  At the same time, President-elect Donald Trump has questioned the U.S. intelligence community’s conclusion that Russia tried to help his candidacy and hurt Clinton’s. Russia has denied the hacking allegations.  A U.S. intelligence report on the hacking was scheduled to be presented to Obama on Thursday and to Trump on Friday, though its contents were still under discussion on Wednesday, officials said.    They said the post-election intelligence gave the Obama administration greater certainty about the full role of the Russian government in the hacking and leaks of documents than it had on Oct. 7, when the U.S. intelligence agencies had said they were “confident” Russia orchestrated the hacking.  The additional intelligence also informed U.S. President Barack Obama’s decision to retaliate on Dec. 29 by expelling 35 suspected Russian spies and sanctioning two Russian spy agencies, four intelligence officers and three companies, a decision that capped four months of debate at the White House about how to respond, the officials said.  The officials declined to describe the intelligence obtained about the involvement of a third-party in passing on leaked material to WikiLeaks, saying they did not want to reveal how the U.S. government had obtained the information.  In an interview with Fox News, WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange said he did not receive emails stolen from the DNC and top Hillary Clinton aide John Podesta from “a state party.” Assange did not rule out the possibility that he got the material from a third party.     Trump on Wednesday sided with Assange and again questioned the U.S. intelligence community’s conclusion that Russia tried to help his candidacy and hurt Clinton’s.  Concern by U.S. officials over the hacking first spiked in August, when intelligence agencies concluded that Russian intelligence, with the direction of President Vladimir Putin, had been trying to disrupt and discredit the presidential and congressional elections.  Obama in August rejected recommendations from some of his advisors to disclose the Russian link and take some limited covert action as “a shot across Putin’s bow to knock it off,” one official with knowledge of the matter said.  Instead, Obama warned Putin privately, arguing that a similar private message to Chinese President Xi Jinping had reduced Chinese hacking into U.S. agencies and companies.  In October, Obama again declined to take action, arguing such a move could be seen as an effort to help Clinton and discredit Republican Trump, one that could stain a Clinton presidency, one official said.  Obama took public action on the issue only after Trump was elected and began disparaging the intelligence community’s reporting on the Russian hacking, another official said.  ",1
6510,Brexit campaigner Farage to attend Trump inauguration,"LONDON (Reuters) - Leading Brexit campaigner Nigel Farage, who has said he wants to be a bridge between the British government and the new U.S. administration, will attend U.S. President-elect Donald Trump’s inauguration later this month. Farage, who will attend the event as a guest of Mississippi Governor Phil Bryant, spoke at a Trump rally in Mississippi during the U.S. presidential campaign and was the first British politician to meet the president-elect after his victory, ahead of Prime Minister Theresa May. Farage spent decades campaigning for Britain to leave the European Union and helped to force then Prime Minister David Cameron to call the June 2016 referendum that resulted in the Brexit vote. Trump has said Farage - the former leader of the United Kingdom Independence Party (UKIP) - would be great as Britain’s envoy to Washington, but the British government has dismissed the suggestion. Asked if he would be attending Trump’s inauguration on Jan. 20, Farage told Sky News: “I certainly am, I can’t wait.” “The governor of Mississippi has invited me and I’m there for a few days and it’s going to be a great, historic event. In America they’ve had a political revolution and it’s complete; the problem in Britain is our revolution is not complete because the same people are still in charge.”  ",1
6511,"Trump's SEC pick Clayton points to capital formation, not enforcement","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - With his selection of deal-making attorney Walter “Jay” Clayton to head the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, President-elect Donald Trump is signaling that the agency will try to reduce regulations that critics see as burdensome or hindering corporate growth. Trump announced on Wednesday that he intends to nominate Clayton, a partner in the New York office of law firm Sullivan & Cromwell, to lead the agency that polices and regulates Wall Street. Clayton specializes in public and private mergers and acquisitions and capital-raising efforts, and notably worked on the initial public offering of Alibaba Group Holding Company (BABA.N). He also helps companies navigate regulatory and enforcement actions, including a number of cases that involved mortgage securities. At least two clients that Clayton has represented - Alibaba and Ally Financial - have both disclosed in recent years that they are being investigated by the SEC; it is not clear whether either review has been concluded. “Jay Clayton is a highly talented expert on many aspects of financial and regulatory law, and he will ensure our financial institutions can thrive and create jobs while playing by the rules at the same time,” Trump said in a statement.  Clayton did not immediately respond to a request for comment, but in a statement released by the Trump transition team, he pledged to ensure investors and companies have confidence to invest in America.  Many Republicans in recent years have criticized the SEC for focusing too much on enforcement, especially under outgoing chair Mary Jo White, a former federal prosecutor, and not enough on its other missions, including writing rules that promote capital formation. Legal experts said Clayton’s background is more in line with some past SEC chiefs, and points to less regulation and perhaps a shift away from White’s policy in which the agency fined firms for smaller violations in an effort to deter bigger ones. “As a day-to-day corporate transactional lawyer, he’ll know what these regulations are like,” said Walter Van Dorn, a partner at BakerHostetler and former SEC official. As is often the case with SEC chair nominees, Clayton has some close personal and professional ties to Wall Street. During the height of the 2008 financial crisis, Clayton worked on major deals involving big banks, including Barclays Capital’s (BARC.L) acquisition of Lehman Brothers’ assets, the sale of Bear Stearns to JP Morgan Chase (JPM.N), and the U.S. Treasury Department’s capital investment in Goldman Sachs (GS.N), according to his law firm’s website. He has helped draft comment letters to the SEC that advocated for less onerous restrictions for foreign public companies, and also participated in a 2011 article which advocated for less zealous enforcement of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Clayton’s background representing Goldman and other Wall Street firms is likely to come up during his Senate confirmation hearing. His wife, Gretchen Butler Clayton, is employed by Goldman Sachs as a private wealth advisor. Democrats including Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren have previously been critical of any potential SEC nominee, including those from within their own political party, who have strong ties to Wall Street. “It’s hard to see how an attorney who’s spent his career helping Wall Street beat the rap will keep President-elect Trump’s promise to stop big banks and hedge funds from ‘getting away with murder,’”, said U.S. Senate Banking Committee Ranking Member Sherrod Brown. Like White, also a former Wall Street lawyer, Clayton will likely need to recuse himself on some matters and divest certain stock holdings. Under federal ethics rules, he will be recused for one year from voting on any particular matter if a firm or individual is being represented by Sullivan & Cromwell.  Prior clients who have been represented by Sullivan & Cromwell in SEC cases have included UBS (UBSG.S) and Fifth Third Bank (FITB.O).  He will also be recused for a year from working on matters that involve clients he represented in the past year, and recused indefinitely if a deal he previously worked on comes up during SEC litigation. The length of time could be longer if Trump opts to continue President Barack Obama’s current policy, which extended the recusal period by an additional year. Trump still needs to fill two other SEC vacancies to round out the five-member panel. Without a full panel, possible recusals could in certain cases lead to a deadlocked vote on some enforcement matters. Perhaps the trickier conflicts to navigate will involve his wife’s employment at Goldman Sachs, said Richard Painter, a law professor at the University of Minnesota who served as the chief ethics lawyer at the White House under President George W. Bush. “You cannot be chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission and have you or your spouse have any financial interest in Goldman Sachs,” he said. To manage the conflict, he said, she would need to divest any stock or stock options in the company and negotiate a flat salary.  It could not be immediately determined whether Gretchen Butler Clayton does own Goldman stock. She did not immediately respond to an email seeking comment. Breakingviews TV: An insider at the SEC     reut.rs/2hQq8ud SEC subpoenas Ally Financial over subprime auto lending (2014): here ",1
6512,Trump to choose businessman Hagerty as next U.S. envoy to Japan: source,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump plans to pick businessman  William Hagerty as the next U.S. ambassador to Japan, an adviser to Trump’s transition team told Reuters on Wednesday. Japan’s Nikkei news service reported that Trump would soon announce the choice of Hagerty, the director of presidential appointments in his transition team. The adviser who spoke to Reuters confirmed the Nikkei report on condition of anonymity. Hagerty is a Tennessee native who founded a private equity firm, Hagerty Peterson. He spent several years in Japan with the Boston Consulting Group management consultancy and later served in the White House of former President George H.W. Bush. He will replace Caroline Kennedy, who has held the position since 2013. Japan’s chief cabinet secretary, Yoshihide Suga, declined to comment on the report since the choice has yet to be formally announced, saying only that he hoped the new ambassador would be able to develop a friendly U.S.-Japan relationship. Others said that while the extent of Hagerty’s knowledge of diplomacy and regional politics remained unknown and could be a concern, the choice suggests Trump is prioritizing economics in bilateral ties, which may relieve officials concerned by his protectionist stance on trade during the presidential campaign.   Japanese companies play a key role in the U.S. economy, employing more than 800,000 American workers. They contributed $78 billion to U.S. exports in 2014, according to the U.S. Embassy in Tokyo. Koichi Hori, the chairman of consulting firm Dream Incubator Inc and a former president of Boston Consulting in Japan, who worked with Hagerty in the early 1990s, termed him a pragmatist who might not always toe Trump’s conservative line on trade. “Rather than doing that, he might advise Trump that if he doesn’t think of other countries more, it ultimately may not benefit the United States,” Hori added. A long-time U.S. resident of Tokyo with knowledge of business and politics who knows Hagerty by reputation, but not personally, said he had a reputation as a “typical management consultant - logical, thoughtful, and has no patience for trade rhetoric.” The news was likely to reassure officials at the Ministry of Economics, Trade and Industry (METI) as well as the Ministry of Finance (MOF), he added.  “The boys at the U.S. Defense Department and the Defense Agency may be disappointed because of his lack of experience in the geopolitical aspects of the U.S.-Japan relationship, but METI, MOF and everyone else here in Tokyo should be breathing a sign of relief,” he added. Japan’s Defense Ministry was formerly called the Defense Agency. ",1
