id,title,text,label
3006,U.S. judge halts deportation of Iraqis nationwide,"DETROIT (Reuters) - A federal judge halted late on Monday the deportation of all Iraqi nationals detained during immigration sweeps across the United States this month until at least July 10, expanding a stay he imposed last week. The stay had initially only protected 114 detainees from the Detroit area. U.S. District Judge Mark Goldsmith sided with lawyers from the American Civil Liberties Union who filed an amended complaint on Saturday seeking to prevent Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) from deporting Iraqis from anywhere in the United States.  The ACLU argued those being deported could face persecution, torture, or death because many were Chaldean Catholics, Sunni Muslims, or Iraqi Kurds and that the groups were recognized as targets of ill-treatment in Iraq. Goldsmith agreed with the ACLU on the grave consequences deportees may face, writing in his seven-page opinion and order that: “Such harm far outweighs any interest the Government may have in proceeding with the removals immediately.” On Thursday, Goldsmith ordered a stay in the Michigan Iraqis’ deportation for at least two weeks while he decided whether he had jurisdiction over the merits of deporting immigrants who could face physical danger in their countries of origin. He expanded his stay on Monday to the broader class of Iraqi nationals nationwide, saying it applies to the removal of all Iraqi nationals in the United States with final orders of removal who have been or will be detained by ICE. There are 1,444 Iraqi nationals who have final deportation orders against them, although only 199 of them were detained as part of a nationwide sweep by immigration authorities, federal prosecutors said in court on Monday. Those detained had convictions for serious crimes, including rape and kidnapping, ICE said. Goldsmith also said his stays were designed to give detainees time to find legal representation to appeal against their deportation orders, and to give him time to weigh the question of his jurisdiction. Daniel Lemisch, acting U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of Michigan, called the opinion “highly extraordinary.” “But it’s a very extraordinary circumstance because of the on-the-ground situation in Iraq,” Lemisch said by phone, referring to the danger faced by possible deportees.  ACLU attorney Lee Gelernt praised the ruling for saying that “the lives of these individuals should not depend on what part of the United States they reside and whether they could find a lawyer to file a federal court action.” Goldsmith’s order came the same day the U.S. Supreme Court handed a victory to President Donald Trump by reviving parts of a travel ban on people from six Muslim-majority countries. The roundup in Michigan followed Iraq’s agreement to accept deportees as part of a deal that removed the country from Trump’s revised temporary travel ban. Some of those affected came to the United States as children and committed their crimes decades ago, but they had been allowed to stay because Iraq previously declined to issue travel documents for them. That changed after the two governments came to the agreement in March. ",1
3007,"Once on the outside, conservative Koch network warms to Trump","COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo. (Reuters) - At a glitzy weekend gathering of donors to the powerful Koch brothers’ network, much of the talk was about the conservative political group’s criticism of the healthcare bill moving through the U.S. Senate. That opposition suggests billionaires Charles and David Koch, powerful players in Republican politics, remain at odds at least on some key issues with President Donald Trump, whose campaign last year they refused to back. But beyond healthcare, the Kochs and their operatives have welcomed much of the fledgling administration’s actions, including efforts to roll back federal regulations, the decision to pull out of the Paris global climate accord, a Veterans Administration reform bill and the appointment of Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court. Koch officials say their network has better access to the Trump administration than they expected given past frictions, partly because former Koch operatives have been hired in key administration jobs. “Overall, we’ve made tremendous progress on the federal level that we haven’t been able to make in the last 10 years,” said James Davis, a spokesman for Freedom Partners, a Koch-backed advocacy group. Vice President Mike Pence has played a key role, meeting privately with Charles Koch on Friday, as well as Marc Short, a former member of the Koch network who is now Trump’s point man in Congress.  Charles Koch, addressing more than 400 supporters gathered at The Broadmoor luxury resort in Colorado for the event, touted the progress the organization is making, particularly since the 2016 election. “When I look at where we are — at the size and effectiveness of this network — I’m blown away,” he said. “I’m more optimistic now than ever.” The Koch brothers have been a force in American politics since the 1980s. Their influence has largely been powered by a fortune centered on Koch Industries, the second-largest privately held company in the United States with annual revenues of more than $115 billion from interests in energy, chemicals and other sectors.  Both Trump and the Koch network have incentives to build warmer ties. The Kochs could end up spending hundreds of millions to preserve the Republican majority in Congress during next year’s midterm elections. Attendees to the weekend meeting had to donate at least $100,000 to be invited. Koch-funded groups such as Freedom Partners could also help build support among conservative activists for tax reform and other Trump administration agenda items. During the 2016 campaign, the Kochs kept their distance from Trump. Charles Koch spoke out against Trump’s proposed Muslim registry, invoking a comparison to Nazi Germany. The network did not actively work to defeat Trump during the Republican primary. But when he secured the nomination, the group did not spend money backing him or criticizing Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton. By contrast, the Koch network spent more than $120 million in the 2012 election to defeat President Barack Obama.     For his part, Trump lumped the Kochs in with other special-interest groups, boasting that he did not need their money and that they could not influence him. But the Koch network began showing its clout in the spring when it worked with the White House to push the House of Representatives healthcare bill in a more conservative direction.     Tim Phillips, president of Americans for Prosperity, a Koch advocacy group, teamed with Pence and Short, Trump’s legislative affairs director, to help get the measure through the House.     Pence is viewed as a trusted friend of the Koch network, dating to his time as a congressman.     At the meeting with Charles Koch on Friday they discussed healthcare and tax reform, Phillips and other Koch aides said.      Short is a former Pence aide and Koch alumni, having run the Koch political organization that became Freedom Partners. Stephen Ford, a speechwriter for Pence, has worked for Freedom Partners.     Koch operatives were encouraged when the White House recently cooled to the idea of a tax on imports, the so-called “border adjustment tax” advocated by House Speaker Paul Ryan.     Americans for Prosperity and Freedom Partners mounted a media and public-pressure campaign against the border tax. Phillips has met with Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin on the issue. Mnuchin’s chief of staff, Eli Miller, served as the Ohio director of AFP.     Mnuchin has since come out against the tax in meetings with members of Congress, Representative Mark Meadows of North Carolina said at the donor retreat.     On the veterans bill, Koch group Concerned Veterans of America was able to work with one of their own. Darin Selnick, a former senior adviser to that group, is now a top aide to Trump’s Secretary of Veterans Affairs David Shulkin.     That group is working with the White House on the more than 130 federal judicial vacancies Trump must fill, partnering with conservative legal advocate Leonard Leo, who has become a trusted Trump adviser on the issue.     Leo joined Charles Koch on stage at a donor event on Saturday night. A Koch group,  Concerned Veterans of America, mounted a grassroots campaign to secure Neil Gorsuch’s confirmation to the Supreme Court.     Yet some stark policy differences remain between the Kochs and the Trump administration.     The Kochs, who are proponents of criminal justice reform, are frustrated with the Department of Justice’s effort to crack down on low-level drug offenders. They also disagree with Trump’s hardline immigration stance.     Asked about the Koch network’s successes, a White House aide did not expressly address the network’s goals, but said Trump “has already made tremendous progress toward making our country prosperous and safe again.”     In interviews with attendees at the donor summit, opinions on Trump were mixed, but even some critics found reason to praise the administration. Several mentioned Education Secretary Betsy DeVos, an advocate of charter schools and vouchers.     Other attendees were effusive in their praise of Trump’s actions so far.     “He’s walks the walk,” said Al Hartman, CEO of a property management firm in Houston. “He’s doing exactly what everyone wants done.” ",1
3008,"Image of the United States has plunged under Trump, survey shows"," BERLIN (Reuters) - The image of the United States has deteriorated sharply across the globe under President Donald Trump and an overwhelming majority of people in other countries have no confidence in his ability to lead, a survey from the Pew Research Center showed.  Five months into Trump’s presidency, the survey spanning 37 nations showed U.S. favorability ratings in the rest of the world slumping to 49 percent from 64 percent at the end of Barack Obama’s eight years in the White House.  But the falls were far steeper in some of America’s closest allies, including U.S. neighbors Mexico and Canada, and European partners like Germany and Spain.  Trump took office in January pledging to put “America First”. Since then he has pressed ahead with plans to build a wall along the U.S. border with Mexico, announced he will pull out of the Paris climate accord, and accused countries including Canada, Germany and China of unfair trade practices.  On his first foreign trip as president in early June, Trump received warm welcomes in Saudi Arabia and Israel, but a cool reception from European partners, with whom he clashed over NATO spending, climate and trade.  Just 30 percent of Mexicans now say they have a favorable view of the United States, down from 66 percent at the end of the Obama era. In Canada and Germany, favorability ratings slid by 22 points, to 43 percent and 35 percent, respectively.  In many European countries, the ratings were comparable to those seen at the end of the presidency of George W. Bush, whose 2003 invasion of Iraq was deeply unpopular.  “The drop in favorability ratings for the United States is widespread,” the Pew report said. “The share of the public with a positive view of the U.S. has plummeted in a diverse set of countries from Latin America, North America, Europe, Asia and Africa”.  The survey, based on the responses of 40,447 people and conducted between Feb. 16 and May 8 this year, showed even deeper mistrust of Trump himself, with only 22 percent of those surveyed saying they had confidence he would do the right thing in world affairs, compared to 64 percent who trusted Obama.  Both Russian President Vladimir Putin and Chinese President Xi Jinping, with confidence ratings of 27 percent and 28 percent respectively, scored higher than Trump. German Chancellor Angela Merkel, with a confidence rating of 42 percent, scored highest among the four leaders in the survey.  The countries with the lowest confidence in Trump were Mexico, at 5 percent and Spain at 7 percent. The only two countries where ratings improved compared to Obama were Russia, where confidence in the U.S. president surged to 53 percent from 11 percent, and Israel, where it rose 7 points to 56 percent.  Globally, 75 percent of respondents described Trump as “arrogant”, 65 percent as “intolerant” and 62 percent as “dangerous”. A majority of 55 percent also described him as a “strong leader”.  The survey showed widespread disapproval of Trump’s signature policy proposals, with 76 percent unhappy with his plan to build the wall on the border with Mexico, 72 percent against his withdrawal from major trade agreements and 62 percent opposed to his plans to restrict travel to the U.S. from some majority-Muslim countries.  On the positive side, the survey showed that 58 percent of respondents had a positive view of Americans in general. And in many regions of the world, a majority or plurality of respondents said they expected relations with the United States to stay roughly the same in spite of Trump.  ",1
3009,Republican healthcare bill imperiled with 22 million seen losing insurance,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Twenty-two million Americans would lose insurance over the next decade under the U.S. Senate Republican healthcare bill, a nonpartisan congressional office said on Monday, complicating the path forward for the already-fraught legislation. After the Congressional Budget Office (CBO) score, Senator Susan Collins, a moderate Republican, said she could not support moving forward on the bill as written. Collins’ opposition highlights the delicate balance that Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell must strike as he tries to deliver a legislative win to President Donald Trump by reconciling the Republican Party’s moderate and conservative wings. Moderate senators are concerned about millions of people losing insurance. Key conservative senators have said the Senate bill does not do enough to repeal Obamacare. The CBO assessment that an additional 15 million people would be uninsured in 2018 under the bill and its prediction that insurance premiums would skyrocket over the first two years prompted concern from both sides.  McConnell’s goal was to have a vote on the bill before the July 4 recess that starts at the end of this week. But several Republicans, including Collins, have said they would not approve a procedural motion that would clear the way for a vote. McConnell can afford to lose just two Republican senators from their 52-seat majority in the 100-seat Senate, which would allow passage of the bill with Vice President Mike Pence casting the tie-breaking vote.   “If you are on the fence ... this CBO score didn’t help you, so I think it’s going to be harder to get to 50, not easier,” Republican Senator Lindsey Graham said of the bill’s prospects. The CBO score is also likely to amplify criticism from industry groups such as the American Medical Association, which said earlier on Monday that the Senate’s bill violated the doctors’ precept of “first, do no harm.” The CBO is only able to assess the impact of legislation within a 10-year window, but it said that insurance losses are expected to grow beyond 22 million due to deep cuts to the Medicaid insurance program for the poor and disabled that are not scheduled to go into effect until 2025.  Trump and Republicans in Congress made repealing and replacing Obamacare, former Democratic President Barack Obama’s signature domestic legislation, a central campaign promise. The pressure is on for them to deliver now that they control the White House, House of Representatives and Senate. Republicans view Obamacare as costly government intrusion and say that individual insurance markets are collapsing. Obamacare expanded health coverage to some 20 million Americans by expanding Medicaid and mandating that individuals obtain health insurance. The CBO score was released just hours after Republicans revised the bill, adding a measure that would penalize people who let their insurance coverage lapse for an extended period. The move followed criticism that the original bill would result in a sicker - and more expensive - insurance pool.  At least four conservative Republicans - Senators Ted Cruz, Rand Paul, Ron Johnson and Mike Lee - have expressed opposition to the Senate legislation.    Moderate Republicans have warned against replacing Obamacare with legislation that is too similar to the version passed by the House, saying it would cause too many people, especially those with low incomes, to lose health coverage. The CBO estimated that the House bill would cause 23 million people to lose insurance. Trump had called the House bill “mean” and asked Senate Republicans to come up with “more generous” legislation. Democrats uniformly oppose both the House and Senate versions of the bill. “CBO’s report today makes clear that this bill is every bit as ‘mean as the House bill,” Senator Chuck Schumer, the Democratic leader, told reporters. The White House in a statement on Monday criticized the CBO for issuing a “flawed report” and said its assessments should not be “trusted blindly.” Trump and McConnell have been working to shore up support. The president called key conservative senators over the weekend, White House spokesman Sean Spicer said.  Both Cruz and Johnson said they were concerned about CBO estimates that insurance premiums would initially rise as much as 30 percent over the first two years before declining. “Doesn’t help the people whose premiums skyrocket next year,” Cruz told reporters. “Kind of a problem, isn’t it?” Johnson said of the short-term premium increase. Johnson and Paul have said they will oppose the procedural motion that would allow the Senate to move forward to a vote. Cruz is drafting suggested fixes. Paul remains opposed to the bill.     The first moderate Republican to oppose the bill, Senator Dean Heller, is already facing political fallout. America First Policies, a political group run by former Trump campaign staffers, said it would air healthcare-related attack ads against Heller, who faces a competitive re-election race in Nevada next year. Senator Rob Portman, of Ohio, who has not said whether he supports the bill, was “dressed down” by McConnell during a Monday leadership meeting, a senior Republican aide told Reuters.  Ohio participates in Obamacare’s Medicaid expansion, and Republican Governor John Kasich has criticized the Senate bill. Portman’s office did not respond to a request to comment. Senator Marco Rubio of Florida said his governor, fellow Republican Rick Scott, would be on Capitol Hill this week to discuss the bill’s impact on the state. Constituent and industry groups have been critical of the Senate bill’s proposal to reduce the Medicaid healthcare program for the poor and point to the CBO analysis that it would disproportionately affect older adults. Under Senate rules, the bill must replicate savings projected in the House version that passed last month. It cleared that critical hurdle, with the CBO estimating it would decrease the budget deficit by $321 billion over 2017-2026. A revision to the bill that imposes a penalty for prolonged lapses in insurance coverage addresses the original bill’s provision to drop the Obamacare penalty on those who do not have insurance. Experts had warned that canceling the fine could lead to a sicker insurance pool because young and healthy people would not face consequences for failing to purchase insurance.  The bill would impose a six-month waiting period for anyone who lets their health insurance lapse for over 63 days and then wants to re-enroll in a plan in the individual market. The 15 million people the CBO estimates would be uninsured in 2018 is largely due to the repeal of the penalty associated with being uninsured. The CBO did not evaluate the revised version that included the new waiting period. Insurer Blue Cross and Blue Shield said it was encouraged by the inclusion of incentives for continuous coverage. Molina Healthcare said it preferred the Obamacare mandate, said that and the Senate bill, even after revised, would simply delay care. If the Senate passes a bill, it will either have to be approved by the House, the two chambers would have to reconcile their differences in a conference committee, or the House could pass a new version and bounce it back to the Senate. ",1
3010,"Trump urges India's Modi to fix deficit, but stresses strong ties","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump urged Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi to do more to relax Indian trade barriers on Monday during talks in which both leaders took great pains to stress the importance of a strong U.S.-Indian relationship. At a closely watched first meeting between the two, Trump and Modi appeared to get along well. Modi pulled in Trump for a bear hug on the stage as the cameras rolled in the Rose Garden. “I deeply appreciate your strong commitment to the enhancement of our bilateral relations,” Modi told him. “I am sure that under your leadership a mutually beneficial strategic partnership will gain new strength, new positivity, and will reach new heights.” Trump was also warm but made clear he sees a need for more balance in the U.S.-India trade relationship in keeping with his campaign promise to expand American exports and create more jobs at home. Last year the U.S. trade deficit with India neared $31 billion. Trump said he would like a trading relationship that is “fair and reciprocal.”  “It is important that barriers be removed to the export of U.S. goods into your markets and that we reduce our trade deficit with your country,” he said. Trump said he was pleased about an Indian airline’s recent order of 100 new American planes and that the United States looked forward to exporting more energy, including major long-term contracts to purchase American natural gas. These energy contracts “are being negotiated and we will sign – trying to get the price up a little bit,” Trump said. Modi came to Washington looking to revitalize a relationship that thrived under former President Barack Obama but has appeared to flag as Trump courted India’s rival China in an effort to persuade Beijing to do more to rein in North Korea. Modi effusively praised Trump, hailing his “vast and successful experience in the business world” and “great leadership” for U.S.-India ties, which he said should “lend an aggressive and forward looking agenda to our relations.” Trump accepted Modi’s invitation to visit India, the White House said in a statement, but no time frame was given for the trip. Modi harked back to Trump’s “Make America Great Again” campaign slogan to stress that his agenda for his country was little different than Trump’s. “I am sure that the convergence of my vision for “New India” and President Trump’s vision for making America great again will add new dimensions to our cooperation,” he said. Trump did not mention U.S. differences with India on immigration and the Paris climate accord. “The future of our partnership has never looked brighter,” Trump said as both leaders underscored the importance of the defense and security relationship. As they met, a Pentagon agency said the U.S. State Department has approved the possible sale to India of a Boeing C-17 transport aircraft with an estimated cost of $366 million. The United States also has offered to sell a naval variant of the Predator drone made by U.S. defense contractor General Atomics Aeronautical Systems, the White House said in a statement, a deal that would be worth more than $2 billion. The United States has become the leading supplier of defense equipment to India, signing contracts worth more than $15 billion since 2008. On Monday evening, Trump and Modi had a working dinner, the first time Trump has played host to a foreign dignitary at a White House dinner. Trump administration officials have pointed to both leaders’ impact on social media - each has more than 30 million Twitter followers - as proof they are cut from the same cloth. “If the chemistry is good, everything else gets sorted,” said an Indian official. “The only way is up. How much up we go depends on the leaders. If they click, we go up higher.” Trade, however, remains an irritant, and on Saturday, leading U.S. congressmen complained in a letter to Trump that high-level engagement had failed to eliminate major barriers to U.S. imports and investment and had not deterred India from imposing new ones. Indian officials reject suggestions that Modi’s “Make in India” platform is protectionist and complain about the U.S. regulatory process for generic pharmaceuticals and rules on fruit imports. They stress the future importance of the huge Indian market to U.S. firms and major growth in areas such as aviation which will offer significant opportunities for U.S. manufacturers. Among the Indian business executives in Washington for Modi’s visit was Ajay Singh, chairman of Indian budget airline SpiceJet, which in January announced a deal to buy up to 205 aircraft from Boeing, worth up to $22 billion at list prices. Singh told Reuters that according to the U.S. Department of Commerce, the deal would sustain up to 132,000 jobs. “The market is growing 20-25 percent a year. Even at today’s pace you need 100 more planes a year just to keep pace with the market and we are not getting anywhere close to that number.” “As our economy grows ... we can potentially create a lot of jobs for Americans in the United States,” he said. Boeing has estimated India will need 1,850 new aircraft worth $265 billion by 2036 to meet demand for air travel. ",1
3011,Trump high court pick Gorsuch shows conservative credentials,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - In less than three months, President Donald Trump’s nominee to the U.S. Supreme Court, Justice Neil Gorsuch, is already staking out ground on the court’s right, adding his voice to the biggest controversies including Trump’s travel ban targeted at six Muslim-majority countries, gun control, religious rights and gay rights. In a flurry of activity at the court on Monday, Gorsuch showed his inclination to rule from a spot occupied by fellow conservative Justice Clarence Thomas. At a minimum, he is so far living up to Trump’s claim that he would be a conservative in the mold of the man he replaced, Justice Antonin Scalia, who died last year. Thomas, appointed by President George H.W. Bush in 1991, is seen by legal experts as the most conservative of the nine justices and is known for his idiosyncratic views of some legal issues. The court has a 5-4 conservative majority. Two of the conservative majority, Anthony Kennedy, and to a lesser extent Chief Justice John Roberts, sometimes side with the liberals. Liberal groups and Democratic senators had vociferously opposed Gorsuch’s appointment, with the evidence so far suggesting their depiction of him as a dogged conservative was largely correct. “Justice Gorsuch has shown himself to be the conservative ideologue many predicted he would be and not the moderating check on the executive branch as others suggested he would be,” said Michele Jawando, a lawyer with the liberal Center for American Progress. Conservatives, meanwhile, are delighted. Their hope that Gorsuch, 49, would be a solid vote on the right, would appear to be well founded. “Gorsuch is rapidly becoming my favorite justice,” said Ilya Shapiro, a lawyer with the libertarian Cato Institute. The new justice, formerly an appeals court judge in Colorado, was sworn in on April 10 after Democrats made a concerted effort to block his confirmation by the Republican-controlled U.S. Senate. Gorsuch has not been shy to make his voice heard since day one on the bench when, during three one-hour arguments, he sparred with attorneys no fewer than eight times. “I’m sorry for taking up so much time, I apologize,” he said, smiling, after one such lengthy exchange. Gorsuch has asserted himself on paper as well. His one opinion for the court, in a case about debt collection, was unanimous. But it’s not unusual for new justices to be assigned a first opinion to write where the court is in broad agreement. In the cases where the court has been divided, he has reliably stuck with the conservative wing while showing something of an independent streak similar to Thomas. Gorusch nailed his colors to the mast in a series of written opinions and votes on Monday. In the biggest dispute before the justices, the court handed a partial win to Trump by partly reviving his travel ban that he has said is needed for security reasons but opponents criticize as discriminatory. The ban was blocked by lower courts and the high court agreed to hear oral arguments in its next term starting in October. Gorsuch, with two of the court’s other conservatives, said they would have voted to allow the entire ban to go into effect. When the court also declined to hear what would have been a major gun rights case on whether the constitutional right to keep firearms for self-defense extends outside the home, only two of the nine justices dissented. One was Thomas. The other was Gorsuch. A gay rights case saw a similar pattern, with Thomas, Gorsuch and fellow conservative Samuel Alito the only dissenters as the court threw out an Arkansas court ruling that allowed the state to refuse to list both same-sex spouses on birth certificates. Gorsuch has also showed a willingness to quibble with his colleagues on what might seem minor points. In the court’s big ruling on Monday in a religious rights case, the justices were split 7-2 on allowing a church to apply for state funding to re-pave its school playground. Gorsuch wrote a separate concurring opinion, joined by Thomas, in which he explained in part why he agreed with all of the majority opinion, except for one footnote that limited it. “It could be that he is more similar to Thomas than Scalia. If he continues this pattern it might be significant,” said Ilya Somin, a libertarian law professor at George Mason University. ",1
3012,"Trump, Modi call North Korea's 'grave threat' to peace: White House","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi called North Korea’s pursuit of nuclear and ballistic missile programs a “grave threat” to global peace, the White House said in a statement after a meeting of the two leaders on Monday. Trump and Modi pledged to work together to counter North Korea’s “weapons of mass destruction” programs and vowed to hold “all parties” that support these programs accountable, the White House statement said. ",1
3013,"Trump, India's Modi call on Pakistan to stem terrorist attacks","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday called on Pakistan to ensure that its territory is not used to launch terrorist attacks on other countries, the White House said in a statement. The two leaders, who held a meeting at the White House on Monday, also “called on all nations to resolve territorial and maritime disputes peacefully and in accordance with international law,” the statement said. ",1
3014,Russia sanctions bill remains stalled in U.S. Congress,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. lawmakers said on Monday they did not know when legislation to impose new sanctions on Russia might come up for a vote in the House of Representatives, and the White House said it had concerns about the measure. The legislation passed the Senate by a nearly unanimous margin two weeks ago, looking like it might complicate President Donald Trump’s desire for warmer relations with Moscow, where officials have denounced new sanctions. A White House official said the Trump administration felt some provisions in the bill would interfere with its ability to use sanctions to try to influence Russia. “There are some provisions in the Senate bill that would unprecedentedly impair Treasury’s ability to wield its sanctions tools, risk endangering the transatlantic sanctions coalition, and weaken the State Department’s ability to credibly signal that we would calibrate our sanctions in response to Russian behavior,” the official said in an emailed statement, requesting anonymity. Republican Senator Bob Corker, chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and a co-author of the legislation, said he hoped for progress within the next day or two on a procedural issue that has kept the House from taking up the Countering Iran’s Destabilizing Activities Act, which also includes the new sanctions against Russia. The measure must pass the House, where Trump’s fellow Republicans control a larger majority than in the Senate, before it can be sent for Trump to sign into law or veto. House Republican leaders said last week that the Senate bill violated a constitutional requirement that any bill affecting government revenues must originate in the House, something known as a “blue slip” violation. House aides also said leadership had not yet decided whether to vote on the Senate bill once the “blue slip” issue was resolved, or first refer it to House committees, which could further delay or change it. Democrats said they were skeptical about the “blue slip” explanation, noting that the issue had resolved very quickly in recent years for other bills. Corker said Senate Republicans remained solidly behind the legislation. “I’ve heard no one here have second thoughts, by the way” he told Reuters. “If you find one, please tell me.” White House spokesman Sean Spicer declined comment during a news briefing on Monday on whether the administration would support the sanctions bill. ",1
3015,House committee eyes $18.5 billion increase to Trump defense budget,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. lawmakers said on Monday they wanted another $18.5 billion added to President Donald Trump’s proposed defense budget of $603 billion to hire more troops and buy more aircraft and ships in fiscal 2018. Republican House of Representatives Armed Services Committee Chairman Mac Thornberry released a proposed defense policy bill intended to address military readiness and the Department of Defense’s unfunded requirements list, which is hovering at $33 billion, House staff told reporters on Monday. The $621.5 billion proposed base spending plan for the Pentagon and defense related expenses at the U.S. Department of Energy was more than 13 percent higher than the 2018 defense spending budget cap of $549 billion which would need to be raised by Congress for the legislation to be enacted. The proposal also included $75 billion for Overseas Contingency Operations (OCO) to pay for ongoing wars. This funding would not count against the budget caps. The House proposal would put total defense-related spending at $696 billion for fiscal 2018.  Trump’s budget proposal included $65 billion for OCO funding, and total spending of $668 billion.  If enacted, the House proposal would mean the Pentagon could commit to buying 17 more F-35 jets from Bethesda, Maryland-based Lockheed Martin Co for a total of 87 in 2018. It would increase the Army by 10,000, to 486,000 active service troops.  The proposal would allow the Pentagon to buy a total of 22 Boeing Co F-18s, up from 14 in Trump’s budget proposal. The proposal also gives the Navy authorization for an additional five ships above Trump’s original budget request. The ships include an Arleigh Burke class destroyer made by General Dynamics Corp and Huntington Ingalls Industries Inc and a total of three Littoral Combat Ships built by Lockheed Martin and Australia’s Austal Ltd. The proposal also includes defense acquisition reform measures that would change how the Pentagon buys services and would allow the military to buy commercial off the shelf products from existing business to business e-commerce markets, such as Amazon.com Inc or W W Grainger Inc. On Wednesday, Democrats and Republicans on the House Armed Services Committee are slated to meet to discuss and potentially alter the proposal. ",1
3016,Illinois House Democrats push tax freeze to end budget impasse,"CHICAGO (Reuters) - Democrats in Illinois’ House of Representatives on Monday offered Republicans a four-year freeze on local property taxes that has been a key sticking point in the state’s historic budget impasse. It was not clear whether the legislation represented a break in the political logjam that has left the country’s fifth-largest state without a full-year operating budget for two fiscal years and threatens to downgrade its credit rating to junk. Republican Governor Bruce Rauner and the Democrat-led legislature face a Friday deadline to pass a budget or risk the consequences of a third-straight year of fiscal futility, including the halt of state-funded road projects and a suspension from national lottery programs. A committee hearing is set for Tuesday on a bill, filed Monday by a top Democratic ally of House Speaker Michael Madigan, to freeze property taxes for four years through 2020, except for Chicago.  Under state Representative Michael Zalewski’s plan, debt-service and pension payments would be excluded from the freeze, and cash-strapped school systems that have been placed on a financial watch list by Illinois would be exempt, including Chicago’s struggling public school system. While Senate Democrats passed a two-year tax freeze last month, Rauner and lawmakers from his party have been pushing for a four-year freeze on property taxes. Madigan told reporters on Monday that a House Democratic spending outline would be made public on Tuesday before a planned meeting of the four legislative leaders, but he declined to offer details. “Once that’s in place, the question is: ‘Can we work together to find the revenue to pay for that spending plan?’ That’s where we come up against Governor Rauner’s demands for an extreme-right agenda,” Madigan said. Rauner has also insisted on changes to pensions and the way injured workers are compensated by employers, as well as term limits for certain state officials. Madigan revealed his own demands on Sunday, including a school funding revamp bill already passed both chambers. House Republican Leader Jim Durkin insisted that any tax increase match the duration of a property tax freeze before he would be willing to help secure Republican votes. “We’re looking at four years on both, and nothing more than that,” Durkin told reporters at a news conference in the state capital. Rauner’s office directed an inquiry from Reuters to Durkin’s office. A spokesman for Durkin later declined specific comment on Zalewski’s legislation, saying only it was being reviewed. ",1
3017,White House spokesman Spicer draws heat off camera,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - White House spokesman Sean Spicer drew the ire of some reporters on Monday for banning cameras from daily press briefings as part of what Spicer called an effort to vary the routine. “Why are the cameras off, Sean? Why did you turn them off?” shouted CNN correspondent Jim Acosta. Other reporters chimed in. “You are a taxpayer-funded spokesman for the United States government - can you at least give us an explanation for why the cameras are off?” Acosta asked. Spicer answered questions for audio only about President Donald Trump’s healthcare overhaul bill, a Supreme Court ruling on Trump’s travel ban, and Trump’s tweets about investigations into Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election. Still cameras were allowed in but TV cameras were not, a practice Spicer started a few weeks ago. On Friday, CNN sent a courtroom sketch artist to capture the scene and make a point. White House briefings have been open to live television broadcasts since the presidency of Bill Clinton in the 1990s when then-press secretary Mike McCurry decided to make them available to general viewership.  In more recent years McCurry has publicly questioned whether he made the right decision. Spicer has complained reporters do too much grandstanding for the cameras. He told reporters there was nothing wrong with mixing up the routine. “Some days we’ll have it - some days we won’t,” Spicer said, noting Trump would be speaking later alongside India’s prime minister. “I want the president’s voice to carry the day.” The White House Correspondents’ Association has urged Spicer to keep the briefing televised in the interests of transparency and a healthy democracy. Reuters White House correspondent Jeff Mason is association president. ",1
3018,U.S. jurors hear closing arguments over Iran-linked office tower,"(Reuters) - Lawyers for the United States on Monday urged jurors to allow the U.S. government to seize a Manhattan office tower from a non-profit for violating U.S. sanctions against Iran. In closing arguments at the end of a month-long trial in Manhattan federal court, Assistant U.S. Attorney Michael Lockard told jurors that the non-profit Alavi Foundation, the building’s majority owner, knew its minority partner, Assa Corp, was a front for Iran’s government and helped hide that fact. “They knew that when that secret got out, they stood to lose everything,” he said. The government wants to seize the 36-story building at 650 Fifth Avenue, likely worth close to $1 billion, to benefit people with judgments against Iran relating to bombings and other attacks. John Gleeson, arguing for Alavi, did not dispute that Alavi knew Assa was owned by Iran’s state-controlled Bank Melli when it entered into a partnership with it in 1989. But he said the foundation, established in the 1970s by the Shah of Iran to promote Persian and Islamic culture in the United States, was led to believe that Assa was sold before 1995, and was misled when it tried to learn more. “At every turn, it was either ignored, or given the run-around, or lied to,” Gleeson said. Lockard told jurors that Alavi continued to turn rental income from the building over to Assa after the United States imposed sanctions on Iran in 1995, violating those sanctions. He pointed to evidence including testimony from former Alavi board member Seyed Mojtaba Hesami-Kiche, a key government witness. He said a letter from another former board member to Iran’s Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei referred to the United States as “the Great Satan” and suggested Alavi was working for Iran. Lockard acknowledged that much of the evidence was from before 1995, but said Alavi personnel did not “forget” who controlled Assa when the sanctions took effect. Gleeson described Alavi as a legitimate non-profit raising money for charitable activities. He attacked the credibility of Hesami-Kiche, who was paid by the U.S. government and admitted on the stand that he initially failed to pay taxes on that money. Gleeson is expected to continue his arguments on Tuesday. The government will be allowed a brief response. ",1
3019,Obamacare taxes stand if Senate fails to adopt health bill: Brady,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Nearly $1 trillion of taxes imposed by the Affordable Care Act will remain in place if the Senate fails to adopt legislation to dismantle the law known as Obamacare, the top Republican on tax policy in the House of Representatives said on Monday. House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady told reporters there are no plans to use future tax reform legislation as a secondary route for abolishing the Obamacare levies, should the Senate healthcare effort stall. President Barack Obama’s signature healthcare law is funded by a range of taxes on businesses, individuals and investments that Republicans have long sought to eliminate as part of their drive to demolish Obamacare. But failure to overturn the healthcare law could constrain the scope of tax reform, which President Donald Trump and his fellow Republicans have billed will be the biggest overhaul of the U.S. tax system since the Reagan era. “We have never planned to import that $1 trillion of taxes into the tax reform effort,” said Brady, one of six principals involved in closed-door discussions to reach agreement on a sweeping tax reform package.  “Those taxes are a big drag on the economy, and I think, very harmful for local businesses and those who have healthcare, which is why it’s critical that the Senate complete its work.” Brady said tax reform legislation would have a harder time lowering taxes without healthcare legislation. House Republicans, including Speaker Paul Ryan, say that eliminating Obamacare’s taxes would make it easier for tax reform to include big tax cuts by lowering the revenue target that tax legislation would have to hit.   Brady spoke just before the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office released a widely anticipated analysis of Senate legislation to repeal and replace much of Obamacare. The CBO report showed that the Senate healthcare bill would eliminate about $700 billion in Obamacare tax revenues over a decade. That is nearly $200 billion less than the tax cuts in the healthcare bill that passed the House last month, which reduced health coverage more dramatically and cut the federal deficit by less. Senate Republican leaders want to hold a vote on their bill this week. If the Senate approves the bill, the House and Senate would have to reconcile the differences and send a single piece of legislation to the White House for Trump’s signature. ",1
3020,State Department will implement travel ban in 'orderly fashion': spokeswoman,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The State Department will implement President Donald Trump’s travel ban “in an orderly fashion” consistent with the Supreme Court’s order, the agency’s spokeswoman said on Monday. “We will keep those traveling to the United States and partners in the travel industry informed as we implement the order in a professional, organized, and timely way,” State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said in a statement on Monday. “We are also in contact with our partners in the implementation of the United States Refugee Admissions Program, and will keep them apprised of changes as they take effect,” she said. ",1
3021,"Narrowed travel ban could sow confusion in U.S. and abroad, experts say","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Supreme Court’s criteria for who can be barred from entering the United States under President Donald Trump’s travel ban may confuse the U.S. officials overseas charged with implementing it and trigger a new round of lawsuits, experts said. People with a “bona fide relationship with a person or entity” in the United States are spared from the temporary ban affecting people from six Muslim-majority countries and all refugees that the justices on Monday allowed to go partially into effect. “There’s no precedent for something like this that I’m aware of,” said Jeffrey Gorsky, a former legal adviser to the State Department’s Visa Office, referring to the new “bona fide” standard. Gorsky said the standard is likely to sow confusion among U.S. consular officials who have to make visa decisions and could require another court decision to determine what constitutes a connection to the United States sufficient to allow entry. The Supreme Court agreed to decide the legality of Trump order in its next term, which begins in October. Justice Clarence Thomas argued that the court should have granted Trump’s request to implement the travel ban in full while the legal fight continues. “Today’s compromise will burden executive officials with the task of deciding - on peril of contempt - whether individuals from the six affected nations who wish to enter the United States have a sufficient connection to a person or entity in this country,” Thomas wrote, joined by two fellow conservative justices. In Monday’s ruling, the high court gave a few examples of connections that qualify. For individuals, a close family relationship is required.  Bona fide connections to entities, it said, must be “formal” and “documented.” That would include students who have been admitted to a U.S. school and workers who have accepted an offer of employment from an American company, the court said. It noted that Trump’s executive order already allowed for case-by-case waivers for people with connections to the country. On the other hand, the justices said, relationships created for the purposes of evading the travel ban will not be considered valid. For instance, an immigration agency cannot add foreigners to client lists “and then secure their entry by claiming injury from their exclusion.” The March 6 order called for a 90-day ban on travelers from Libya, Iran, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen and a 120-day ban on all refugees to enable the government to implement stronger vetting procedures. Trump cited national security concerns as the reason for the order. Stephen Legomsky, chief counsel for U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services under former President Barack Obama, said lawsuits could claim that a bona fide relationship was ignored.  While Legomsky said he believes the vast majority of cases will be clear cut, courts will have to determine whether visiting a close friend or taking part in a wedding could also qualify. “In theory, you could say if somebody is coming for tourism and has made a reservation for a hotel, there’s now a U.S. interest in bringing them to the United States. The hotel is a U.S. entity,” Gorsky said.  Some lawyers also said the vagueness of the “bona fide” standard was license for the Trump administration to interpret it broadly. “It’s just like a green light to the government to do what it wants to do,” said Kiyanoush Razaghi, a Maryland-based immigration attorney who deals with primarily Iranian clients. “Who is going to tell us what is the definition of ‘bona fide relationship?’”  The difficult job of judging foreigners’ claimed connections could land back in the lower courts in Maryland and Hawaii that had originally blocked Trump’s travel ban, said Stephen Vladeck, a professor University of Texas School of Law.   “We could have dozens of these cases between now and September,” Vladeck said, adding that the Supreme Court would not be likely to weigh in on them on a case-by-case basis. David Martin, a former U.S. Department of Homeland Security official and now a professor at the University of Virginia, said the ruling was “carefully tailored” and should be manageable for officials to enact. Part of the reason, Martin said, is the case-by-case waiver process that was already envisioned in the executive order. “I think there will be some litigation over the extent of the reach of this bona fide relationship but I don’t think it will be as burdensome as the dissenters suggest,” Martin said. ",1
3022,U.S. Senate Republicans release changes to healthcare proposal,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Republicans on Monday released changes to their healthcare bill, including a six-month waiting period for people who have let their insurance coverage lapse for over 63 days - about two months - and want to get insured again. The change appeared aimed at deterring people from dropping health insurance to begin with, a concern that arose in part because the bill cancels the monetary penalty for being uninsured under the current law, known commonly as Obamacare. Senate leaders want to hold a vote on the bill before the July 4 recess that starts at the end of this week. ",1
3023,Trump says Supreme Court decision on travel ban 'a clear victory',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump praised the Supreme Court’s decision on Monday to review the legality of his temporary ban on travelers from six Muslim-majority countries and all refugees, and to allow it to be partly implemented in the meantime. “Today’s unanimous Supreme Court decision is a clear victory for our national security,” Trump said in a statement released by the White House, adding: “Today’s ruling allows me to use an important tool for protecting our Nation’s homeland.”    ",1
3024,U.S. says it will work with travel industry to implement travel ban,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Department of Homeland Security said it would implement the Trump administration’s temporary travel ban in a professional and public manner after the Supreme Court’s earlier on Monday allowed its partial implementation of the ban on travelers from six Muslim-majority countries and all refugees.  “The implementation of the Executive Order will be done professionally, with clear and sufficient public notice, particularly to potentially affected travelers, and in coordination with partners in the travel industry,” the department said in a statement. ",1
3025,Yemen official says disappointed by U.S. Supreme court decision on travel ban,"SANAA (Reuters) - A Yemeni government official expressed disappointment over a decision by the U.S. Supreme Court on Monday to allow much of President Donald Trump’s ban on travelers from six Muslim-majority countries and all refugees to go back into effect. “We’re disappointed with this decision. We believe it will not help in confronting terrorism and extremism, but rather will increase feelings among the nationals of these countries that they are all being targeted,” said Ahmed al-Nasi, an official in Yemen’s Ministry of Expatriate Affairs. This was especially the case, he added, “given that Yemen is an active partner of the United States in the war on terrorism,” conducting joint operations against militants inside Yemen. ",1
3026,"U.S. Supreme Court revival on Trump travel ban draws praise, criticism","(Reuters) - The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday gave President Donald Trump a victory by allowing his temporary ban on travelers from six Muslim-majority countries and all refugees to go into effect for people with no strong ties to the United States while agreeing to decide the order’s legality this fall. The case is a major test of presidential powers. The justices granted parts of the Trump administration’s emergency request to put the order into effect immediately while the legal battle continues. The court, which narrowed the scope of lower court rulings that had blocked his March 6 executive order, said it would hear arguments in October on the lawfulness of the ban. THE COUNCIL ON AMERICAN-ISLAMIC RELATIONS, A MUSLIM CIVIL RIGHTS AND ADVOCACY ORGANIZATION The council expressed its concerns about the Supreme Court decision in relations to Islam saying it “ignores the Islamophobic origins of the policy and emboldens Islamophobes in the Trump administration.” AHMED AL-NASI, OFFICIAL AT YEMEN MINISTRY OF EXPATRIATE AFFAIRS Al-Nasi, whose country is one of the six falling under the ban, also criticized the Supreme Court decision.  “We believe it will not help in confronting terrorism and extremism, but rather will increase the feeling among the nationals of these countries that they are all being targeted,” he said. “Especially given that Yemen is an active partner of the United States in the war on terrorism and that there are joint operations against terrorist elements in Yemen.” Shaheen expressed disappointment in the court’s decision. “Muslim travel ban has no merit & offensive to our nation’s core values,” she said on Twitter.  TOM FITTON, PRESIDENT OF JUDICIAL WATCH, A CONSERVATIVE FOUNDATION  Fitton praised the Supreme Court’s decision. “This is a major blow to anti-Trump activist judges on the lower courts. And it is a big victory for our nation’s security, President Trump, and the rule of the law.” he said in a statement.  DAVID MILIBAND, CHIEF EXECUTIVE OF THE INTERNATIONAL RESCUE COMMITTEE HUMANITARIAN AGENCY AND A FORMER BRITISH FOREIGN MINISTER Miliband said the ruling could hurt refugees who have already been vetted and were slated to come to the United States.      “The court’s decision threatens damage to vulnerable people waiting to come to the U.S.: people with urgent medical conditions blocked, innocent people left adrift, all of whom have been extensively vetted,” he said in a statement. “We urge the administration to begin its long-delayed review of the vetting process and restart a program which changes lives for the better.” MICHAEL O’ROURKE, CHIEF MARKET STRATEGIST AT JONESTRADING IN GREENWICH, CONNECTICUT O’Rourke said it was not clear if the news on the travel ban was having an impact on stocks.  “I think it’s having a little impact, but I’m not sure. It just seemed to be the timing of the headlines.  “There are a couple of different things floating around. ... I feel there’s a combination of a bunch of little things.   “And I have a thematic track basket for immigration, and there are a bunch of tech names in there. Maybe people are reading into the immigration story there. ... But we know what policy the president is going to pursue. It’s not lining up perfectly for me.” ERIC SCHWARTZ, PRESIDENT OF REFUGEES INTERNATIONAL AND FORMER U.S. ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF STATE FOR POPULATION, REFUGEES, AND MIGRATION Schwartz said he was disappointed by the court’s decision. “The suspension of refugee resettlement will impact the most vulnerable of the world’s populations, including refugee women and girls, survivors of violence and torture, and refugee children, among many other groups at considerable risk.” he said. “The options for organizations like ours are now limited as the Supreme Court reviews this case.” BECCA HELLER, DIRECTOR OF THE INTERNATIONAL REFUGEE ASSISTANCE PROJECT Heller said the parts of the travel ban allowed to go into effect “are actually incredibly narrow.” “Almost anyone coming into the U.S. who has a visa or has been in the refugee program for a while ... has some kind of tie to a U.S. person or a U.S. entity,” she said. “The hope is that this really only impacts a very small number of people.” Trump praised the court’s decision in a statement released by the White House. “Today’s unanimous Supreme Court decision is a clear victory for our national security,” he said. “Today’s ruling allows me to use an important tool for protecting our nation’s homeland.” DEMOCRATIC SENATOR ED MARKEY OF MASSACHUSETTS, MEMBER OF THE SENATE FOREIGN RELATIONS COMMITTEE Markey said in an interview with CNN that the top court made it clear the Trump administration had overreached when it came to businesses, family members and students but expressed concern that the court did not issue a more fundamental ruling.           “I’m disappointed that the court just didn’t rule that a Muslim ban in and of itself is unconstitutional,” Markey said. OMAR JADWAT, DIRECTOR OF THE AMERICAN CIVIL LIBERTIES UNION’S IMMIGRANTS’ RIGHTS PROJECT Jadwat, who argued the appellate case on the executive order, said in a statement: “President Trump’s Muslim ban violates the fundamental constitutional principle that government cannot favor or disfavor any one religion. Courts have repeatedly blocked this indefensible and discriminatory ban. The Supreme Court now has a chance to permanently strike it down.” WILLIAM STOCK, OUTGOING PRESIDENT OF THE AMERICAN IMMIGRATION LAWYERS ASSOCIATION  Stock said the “bona fide connections” to the United States cited by the court as a requirement for admission to the country might include those on employer-sponsored visas, family-sponsored green card applications, people who are admitted by schools in the United States as students and those collaborating on research with people in the United States.  “The court seems to be saying if a family in Iran had prepaid for Disneyland, they probably have a demonstrable connection to the United States that might allow for issuance of a visitor visa,” Stock said. “If a person says ‘I’ve heard of Disneyland and I’d really like to see it,’ that probably doesn’t get them in.” In a statement, Perez vowed to keep fighting the ban, which he called unconstitutional and an assault on American religious freedom.   “As a nation, our diversity is our greatest strength, and we cannot allow such prejudice to shut the doors of progress. Democrats will continue to fight this hatred every step of the way,” Perez said.   “Great news for our national security, the rule of law and @POTUS,” Strange said on Twitter, referring to Trump. ",1
3027,Twenty-two million Americans would lose health coverage under Senate bill: CBO,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Twenty-two million Americans would lose their health insurance coverage over the next decade under draft legislation unveiled by Senate Republicans last week, the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office said on Monday. By comparison, the CBO had earlier estimated that similar legislation passed by the House of Representatives would cause 23 million Americans to lose coverage by 2026.  In an analysis of the Senate draft, the CBO said the number of Americans who would be uninsured by 2026 under the Senate bill would be 49 million. That compares with its estimate of 51 million under the House bill and 28 million under current law. ",1
3028,Leading U.S. senator urges changes in foreign investment rules,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A Republican senator leading the charge on updating little-known investment rules designed to protect national security said that he will soon introduce a bill aimed at reining in potentially dangerous deals done by China. Senator John Cornyn, a member of the Republican leadership who is on the Senate Intelligence Committee, told the Council on Foreign Relations on Thursday that he was concerned by China’s attempts to ensure that its military catches up to the U.S. Defense Department in terms of technology. “China is using every tool at its disposal to close the technology gap between the United States and that country, and in the process, to eliminate our military’s technological advantage,” he said in his speech. Cornyn’s office provided Reuters with a copy of the address on Monday. To combat this, Cornyn plans to introduce a bill in Congress that would update the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States, or CFIUS, an interagency panel led by the Treasury Department that reviews proposed transactions to ensure they do not pose a challenge to national security. The law firm Covington and Burling LLP, which follows CFIUS, said in a note after the speech that it believed that Cornyn’s proposed legislation “may ultimately become law.” “Senator Cornyn is among the most influential members of the Senate, and there appears to be an emerging bipartisan consensus that CFIUS should be strengthened,” the firm said in an analysis on Friday. Cornyn said the legislation would be called the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act, and would ensure that CFIUS focuses its investigations on countries which pose the biggest threat to the United States. It would also give CFIUS the authority to look at a broader range of deals, including joint ventures based outside the United States and smaller, minority-position investments which would give the investing companies access to sensitive information, Cornyn said. Cornyn’s office did not respond to a query on Monday regarding when the bill would be introduced. CFIUS already has a reputation for being tough on high-tech deals, and has been known in particular to block transactions that involve sophisticated semiconductors. The bill will not expand the committee, which will disappoint those who had pushed for the Agriculture Department to become a member of the panel. ",1
3029,Republican senator to block arms sales over Qatar crisis,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The chairman of the U.S. Senate Foreign Relations Committee said on Monday he would block arms sales to Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates and other members of the Gulf Cooperation Council pending progress in resolving a simmering dispute with Qatar. “All countries in the region need to do more to combat terrorism, but recent disputes among the GCC countries only serve to hurt efforts to fight ISIS and counter Iran,” Republican Senator Bob Corker wrote in a letter to Secretary of State Rex Tillerson.  His action could increase pressure on members of the Gulf Cooperation Council to settle the crisis. The GCC groups Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, United Arab Emirates, Qatar, Bahrain and Oman.  Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and the United Arab Emirates imposed a boycott on Qatar, their tiny but wealthy neighbor, on June 5, accusing it of supporting terrorism. They have sent it 13 demands including closing al Jazeera television, curbing relations with Iran, and paying reparations. Under U.S. law, major foreign U.S. arms sales are submitted for review to a small group of lawmakers, including the chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee, before they can go ahead. Trump considered Corker as a potential vice president and secretary of state, and he works closely with the White House. The administration would be unlikely to ignore his resistance to the arms sales, and U.S. officials said they considered his statement part of a broader effort to solve the Qatar crisis. A State Department official noted that Tillerson called on Sunday for the countries involved to sit down together and discuss ways forward. The official declined comment on arms sales beyond saying the department remains committed to working with lawmakers. It was not immediately clear what sales would be affected. Trump has announced billions of dollars in arms sales since taking office in January. He sees weapons sales as a way to create jobs in the United States. A Corker aide said his action would not affect sales that had already been reviewed by Congress or non-lethal assistance, including training. One sale already cleared by Congress was for up to $350 billion in precision-guided munitions and other offensive weapons to Saudi Arabia. In his letter, Corker said he was pleased with Trump’s recent trip to Saudi Arabia, which included a GCC summit.  “Unfortunately, the GCC did not take advantage of the summit and instead chose to devolve into conflict,” Corker wrote. ",1
3030,Possible sale of Boeing C-17 aircraft to India approved: Pentagon,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. State Department has approved the possible sale to India of one Boeing C-17 transport aircraft, with an estimated cost of $366 million, a Pentagon agency said on Monday. The Defense Security Cooperation Agency said in a statement it notified Congress on Monday of the sale, which includes four turbofan engines, a missile warning system, a countermeasures dispensing system and an identification friend or foe transponder.      ",1
3031,Mexico announces more help for migrants after tough Texas law,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexico has been increasing actions to protect Mexican migrants in response to a law in Texas that allows police to question people about their immigration status, a Mexican official said on Monday. Deputy Foreign Minister for North America Carlos Sada said Mexico respected decisions by the United States but added that Mexico had increased the number of places where its citizens could seek information and legal aid from consulates.   ",1
3032,"Trump says Obama 'colluded' on Russia, without giving evidence","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Monday demanded that investigators apologize for looking into Russian interference and possible collusion with his 2016 election campaign, accusing predecessor President Barack Obama of having “colluded or obstructed,” but he did not provide evidence. Department of Justice Special Counsel Robert Mueller, along with several congressional committees, are investigating allegations by U.S. intelligence agencies that Russia used cyber attacks and fake media stories to help Republican Trump against his Democratic Party opponent, Hillary Clinton. “The reason that President Obama did NOTHING about Russia after being notified by the CIA of meddling is that he expected Clinton would win... and did not want to ‘rock the boat.’ He didn’t ‘choke,’ he colluded or obstructed, and it did the Dems and Crooked Hillary no good,” he wrote on Twitter. Russia has denied meddling in the election and Trump has repeatedly called the investigations a witch hunt. In a Fox News interview broadcast on Sunday, Trump said he had learned that Obama had known about the Russia issue long before the election but that he “did nothing about it.”   An official from Obama’s White House, who spoke on condition of anonymity, rejected Trump’s criticism and noted that Obama had raised the meddling issue directly with Russian President Vladimir Putin. “The Obama administration’s interest in making sure the response was bipartisan wasn’t for the sake of being bipartisan. It was necessary because we needed the buy-in from state and local election administrators – many of whom were Republican partisans and/or skeptical of federal government,” the official said. The White House referred any questions about the Russia investigations to Trump’s personal lawyer, Marc Kasowitz.  Representatives for Kasowitz did not immediately reply to requests for comment on Trump’s latest statement.  “With 4 months looking at Russia...they have zero “tapes” of T (Trump) people colluding. There is no collusion & no obstruction. I should be given apology!” Trump said in another Twitter post on Monday. The Obama administration formally accused Russia in October of a campaign of cyber attacks against Democratic Party organizations ahead of the Nov. 8 election. In December, Obama ordered intelligence agencies to review cyber attacks and foreign intervention in the election and to deliver a report before he left office on Jan. 20. The intelligence agencies said in January they had concluded that Moscow tried to tilt the election in Trump’s favor, including by hacking into senior Democrats’ emails and leaking them.  Following a weekend Washington Post report about the Obama administration’s responses to the Russian matter, the top Democrat on the U.S. House of Representatives Intelligence Committee, Adam Schiff, criticized the Obama administration on Sunday for not taking earlier and tougher action against Russia. ",1
3033,No definite arrangements in place for Putin-Trump meeting: Kremlin,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Kremlin said on Monday it was still premature to say anything certain about a possible meeting between Russian President Vladimir Putin and his U.S. counterpart Donald Trump next month because no definite arrangements had been made for it. The two leaders are widely expected to hold their first personal meeting when they attend a G20 summit in Germany in July. “Anyway, they (Putin and Trump) will be present at the same event, in the same city, at the same time. Anyway, there will be a possibility for such a meeting,” Putin’s spokesman Dmitry Peskov told a conference call with reporters. “Let’s wait for this G20 summit. But I repeat again: to our regret, there have so far been no definite arrangements regarding this (meeting).” ",1
3034,New York Pride marchers target Trump as San Francisco parties,"NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Large crowds turned out for Pride marches on Sunday in New York City and San Francisco, the two U.S. places most associated with the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender rights movement, with the East Coast city bringing a more political flavor to the event sparked by events there almost 50 years ago. Participants included Chelsea Manning, the transgender U.S. Army soldier who served seven years in prison for leaking classified data before former President Barack Obama granted her clemency.  “Honored to represent the ACLU at this years NYC Pride March,” Manning said on Twitter, posting a photo of her riding in a red convertible. “Started to lose my voice from screaming so much,” Manning, who was released from a military prison in May, added.  A group of marchers heading down New York’s Fifth Avenue carried photographs of U.S. President Donald Trump and his press secretary, Sean Spicer, as others waved banners bearing the word ‘RESIST’ and the rainbow flag of the Pride movement. In contrast, a smattering of anti-Trump signs in San Francisco was drowned out by a desire to let loose. “It’s too good a day to be upset about Trump,” said Richard Babb, 66, of San Francisco.  In New York, Brad Hoylman, a Democratic lawmaker in the New York State Senate, said lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people were “under assault” by the Trump administration. “He already rolled back rights for transgender students, for example, and the list is on and on,” he said. “So we have a lot more work to do, that’s why we are here today.” As a candidate, Trump promised to protect gay people. But his move in February to revoke the Obama administration’s guidance letting transgender students choose which gender bathroom they use, and his executive order last month to promote religious liberty have been seen by some as discriminatory.  The New York march’s grand marshals this year include the American Civil Liberties Union, which was chosen for its history of litigation defending gay rights; Brooke Guinan, a transgender woman who works as a firefighter in the city; and Geng Le, a gay rights activist in China. “Pride this year is showing that we are here, we are queer, and we are not going to sit down for anything less than full rights, full equality,” said Austin Anderson, a 28-year-old advertising worker at the New York event.      The march route ends on Christopher Street in Manhattan’s West Village to commemorate the riots that broke out there in 1969 after police raided the Stonewall Inn, a gay bar, in an event seen as a turning point in the gay rights movement. New York’s first Pride march started close by a year later.  In San Francisco, revelers had to pass through one of dozens of metal security detectors to get into the main plaza. “Happy Pride everyone!” a security monitor yelled to the crowd, as people cheered and saluted. “Have fun today.” Two gay cousins attended the parade dressed in tutus and unicorn headbands.  “We see this as a party, not a political protest,” Qiaira McPeters, 18, said. Despite that, McPeters said that she feels things for gay people have been getting worse.  “Gay people are getting beat up all the time,” she said.  In Seattle, hundreds of people marched downtown in unusually hot weather, many in skimpy outfits and carrying pink balloons. A rainbow flag was hoisted to the top of the city’s iconic Space Needle.  Seattle Mayor Ed Murray, the first openly gay person to hold that job, joined the parade with his husband, Michael Shiosaki. “Today we celebrate our unity,” he said in a video posted on Twitter. The Seattle Police Department, which put rainbow-colored decals on their patrol cars, said a group of people blocked the parade route for about 30 minutes to hold a sit-in in honor of Charleena Lyles, the black mother slain by city police a week ago. There were no arrests, police said. [L1N1JG04T] ",1
3035,Key Republican Collins has 'serious concerns' on healthcare bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican Senator Susan Collins of Maine said on Sunday she has extreme reservations about the U.S. Senate’s healthcare overhaul and does not think it will be able to pass this week. Collins, a moderate Republican who has not taken a formal stance on the bill, said she was concerned it would cut Medicaid too deeply and said she wants to see an upcoming analysis by the Congressional Budget Office before making a decision. “I have very serious concerns about the bill,” she said on ABC’s “This Week” program. “It’s hard for me to see the bill passing this week.” Republican Senate leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky has pushed for a vote before the July 4th Independence Day holiday recess that begins at the end of this week. He can afford to lose the support of only two Republicans in the face of unanimous Democratic opposition. Five Republican senators have announced they will not support the bill, which is designed to repeal and replace Obamacare, in its current form. One of those senators, Ron Johnson of Wisconsin, called on Sunday for a slowdown in the process to give the Senate and the public time to evaluate the healthcare bill. “We don’t have enough information. I don’t have the feedback from constituencies who will not have had enough time to view the Senate bill. We should not be voting on this next week,” he said on NBC’s “Meet the Press.” Another senator who has announced that he does not support the current version of the bill, Rand Paul of Kentucky, said he would back it if the Senate reached an impasse on healthcare. “If we get to impasse, if we go to a bill that is more repeal and less big government programs, yes I’ll consider partial repeal,” Paul said on ABC. The Senate’s 142-page proposal, worked out in secret by a group led by McConnell, aims to deliver on a central campaign promise of President Donald Trump to undo former President Barack Obama’s signature healthcare law, which has provided coverage to 20 million Americans since it was passed in 2010. Republicans view the law, formally known as the Affordable Care Act, as a costly government intrusion and say individual insurance markets created by it are collapsing. “I think they have, at best, a 50-50 chance of passing this bill,” Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer of New York said on ABC. He said Democrats “are doing everything we can to fight this bill because it’s so devastating for the middle class.” The House of Representatives has passed a measure similar to the Senate plan. The Senate would phase out Obamacare’s expansion of the Medicaid program for the poor more gradually than the House bill, waiting until after the 2020 presidential election, but would enact deeper cuts starting in 2025. ",1
3036,Top Democrat slams Obama administration's response to Russian hacks,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The top Democrat on the U.S. House Intelligence Committee on Sunday criticized the administration of former President Barack Obama for not taking earlier and tougher action against Russia for its alleged hacks aimed at swaying the Nov. 8 election for Donald Trump. “The Obama administration should have done a lot more when it became clear that not only was Russia intervening, but it was being directed at the highest levels of the Kremlin,” said Representative Adam Schiff on CNN’s “State of the Union” program. The Obama administration imposed sanctions in December on two Russian intelligence agencies over their alleged involvement in hacking political groups during the election, but those sanctions were too little, too late, Schiff said. Schiff and his Senate counterpart, Dianne Feinstein, issued an unusual public statement in September condemning Russia for the alleged hacks. “We had to vet that with the intelligence community, but we took that step because we weren’t succeeding in getting the administration to do it itself,” Schiff said. ",1
3037,Conservative activists hold muted rallies in Washington,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Conservative activists held a pair of rallies in Washington on Sunday to decry the handful of celebrities who have joked about violence against President Donald Trump and to protest efforts to stop contentious speakers at colleges. Both rallies attracted only a few dozen supporters, with nearly as many counterprotesters at one of the events on the steps of the Lincoln Memorial. That contrasted with recent marches that have filled U.S. cities with hundreds of thousands of people protesting Trump policies they believe harm immigrants, women and other groups. Richard Spencer, an avowed white nationalist and founder of the so-called “alt-right” movement, drew about 100 supporters to the rally at the Lincoln Memorial, a monument to the president associated with the end of slavery in the United States. In remarks to reporters before his speech, Spencer said he was disappointed with Trump’s presidency so far, and was waiting for the president to enact the policies he promised during his campaign. “Where’s the Muslim ban?” said Spencer, who following Trump’s election victory was filmed saying “Hail Trump” and drawing Nazi-like salutes at a conference. “Where’s the wall?” he added, referring to Trump’s plan to increase barriers along the U.S. border with Mexico. As Spencer addressed the crowd, two protesters unfurled a banner in front of him that read: “NO LONGER SILENT WE WILL BE HEARD.” Speakers led the crowd in chants of “Unite the Right,” as counter-protesters heckled from the sidelines. A short distance away in front of the White House, Trump supporters gathered to denounce celebrities such as the comedian Kathy Griffin and the actor Johnny Depp, who have both made joking allusions to Trump being assassinated. Both celebrities have apologized. Among the scheduled speakers was Michael Flynn Jr., the son of retired Lieutenant General Michael Flynn, who briefly served as Trump’s national security adviser before being fired, and Roger Stone, a longtime Trump adviser. Stone withdrew, citing security concerns. Speakers at the rally said they were also angered by a recent production of Shakespeare’s “Julius Caesar” in New York City’s Central Park for its portrayal of the assassinated Roman ruler as a Trump-like blond populist in a business suit. “We’re here for peace,” Jack Posobiec, a prominent alt-right activist, told a few dozen supporters at the rally. He said the examples of Griffin and Depp showed the left was “normalizing” violence against the right. “It needs to stop,” he said. ",1
3038,Conservative Koch network criticizes U.S. Senate healthcare bill,"COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo. (Reuters) - Officials with the conservative U.S. political network overseen by the Koch brothers say they are unhappy with the healthcare bill that may be voted on by the Senate this week and will lobby for changes to it. At a weekend event with conservative donors, top aides to Charles Koch, the billionaire energy magnate, said the Senate bill does not go far enough to dismantle former President Barack Obama’s signature healthcare law, also known as Obamacare. “We have been disappointed that movement has not been more dramatic toward a full repeal,” said Tim Phillips, president of Americans for Prosperity, a grassroots advocacy group backed by Charles Koch and his brother, David. The Senate’s 142-page proposal, worked out in secret by a group led by Senate Majority Leader McConnell, aims to deliver on a central campaign promise of President Donald Trump to repeal Obamacare, which has provided coverage to 20 million Americans since its passage in 2010. Republicans view the law, formally called the Affordable Care Act, as a costly government intrusion and say individual insurance markets created by it are collapsing. Phillips and other aides to the Koch network told Reuters they want to see the Senate bill do more to roll back Obamacare’s expansion of the Medicaid program for poor and disabled Americans. They also contend the bill does not do enough to reform the U.S. healthcare system and cut costs. The aides said lobbying efforts to reshape the bill are continuing ahead of a planned vote. Similar concerns helped steer the House’s version of the bill in a more conservative direction. A primary mover of that effort, Mark Meadows, a Republican congressman from North Carolina, attended the Koch donor event. Meadows, chairman of the conservative Freedom Caucus in the House, said he is prepared to support the Senate bill if it clears that chamber, a sign that quick action to land the legislation on Trump’s desk is possible. However, Meadows said the Senate version of the bill would need to be amended to allow insurers who sell plans on Obamacare’s insurance exchanges to offer less-expensive plans that do not comply with that law’s coverage requirements. Republican Senator Ted Cruz of Texas, who currently opposes the Senate bill, has offered an amendment along those lines. Cruz attended the Koch event here, as did Senators Jeff Flake of Arizona and Ben Sasse of Nebraska, who remain undecided. Meadows also seeks an amendment that would allow some consumers who have private health savings accounts to deduct the cost of insurance premiums from their taxes. Senate leaders have set a goal of passing the healthcare measure by the end of this week, ahead of the July 4 congressional recess, which would then send it back to the House. If the Senate passes legislation this week that is palatable to the House, Meadows said it is conceivable the House could pass that version and choose to forgo a formal conference committee that would reconcile the Senate and House bills. That, he said, could result in sending the bill to Trump’s desk for his signature before the recess. Getting a vote by the end of the week could be difficult. Five Senate Republicans, including Cruz, have publicly voiced their opposition to the current Senate draft. No Senate Democrats are expected to back it, which means McConnell cannot afford to lose more than two Senate Republicans. As a sign of the Koch network’s influence, Phillips said his organization is prepared to spend as much as $400 million before next year’s congressional elections to advocate for the network’s conservative causes.  ",1
3039,Senator Rand Paul says would consider partial repeal of Obamacare,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Republican Senator Rand Paul said on Sunday that he remains open to supporting the Senate healthcare bill but only under certain circumstances. “If we get to impasse, if we go to a bill that is more repeal and less big government programs, yes I’ll consider partial repeal,” Paul said in an interview with ABC’s “This Week.” However, he added that the current bill as proposed “is not anywhere close to repeal.” ",1
3040,Top Senate Democrat Schumer: 50-50 chance Republicans pass healthcare bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer said on Sunday that he sees a 50 percent probability that Republicans will be able to pass their healthcare bill. “I think they have at best a 50-50 chance of passing this bill,” he said in an interview with ABC’s “This Week.” ",1
3041,"U.S. lawmakers urge Trump to press India's Modi on trade, investment","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Leading U.S. congressmen have called on President Donald Trump to press Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi to remove barriers to U.S. trade and investment when they meet for the first time on Monday. The lawmakers, from the Republican and Democratic parties, said in a letter to Trump that high-level engagement with India had failed to eliminate major trade and investment barriers and had not deterred India from imposing new ones. “Many sectors of the Indian economy remain highly and unjustifiably protected, and India continues to be a difficult place for American companies to do business,” they wrote,  noting that a 2017 World Bank report ranked India 130th out of 190 countries for ease of doing business. The lawmakers - Republican House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady and Ranking Member Richard Neal, and Republican Senate Finance Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch and Ranking Member Ron Wyden - said the bilateral economic  relationship “severely underperforms” as a result of India’s failure to enact market-based reforms. They said the barriers covered multiple sectors and included high tariffs, inadequate protection of intellectual property rights, and inconsistent and non-transparent licensing and regulatory practices. Among U.S. goods affected were solar and information technology products, telecommunications equipment and biotechnology products, they said. The lawmakers also pointed to limitations on foreign participation in professional services, restrictive foreign equity caps for financial, retail, and other major services sectors and barriers to digital trade and Internet services. “The list is long and growing,” they said. Modi is due to meet with about 20 leading U.S. CEOs in Washington on Sunday before his first meeting with Trump on Monday at the White House, when he will seek to revitalize ties that have appeared to drift, in spite of the priority they were afforded under former President Barack Obama. While progress is expected in defense trade and cooperation, Trump, who campaigned on an “America First” platform has been irritated by the growing U.S. trade deficit with India and has called for reform of the H1B visa system that has benefited Indian tech firms. Other signs of friction have included Trump accusing New Delhi of negotiating unscrupulously at the Paris climate talks to walk away with billions in aid. Indian officials reject suggestions that Modi’s “Make in India” platform is protectionist and complain about the U.S. regulatory process for generic pharmaceuticals and rules on fruit exports to the United States. They stress the future importance of the huge Indian market to U.S. firms and major growth in areas such as aviation which will offer significant opportunities for U.S. manufacturers. ",1
3042,"Exclusive: Overruling diplomats, U.S. to drop Iraq, Myanmar from child soldiers' list","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - In a highly unusual intervention, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson plans to remove Iraq and Myanmar from a U.S. list of the world’s worst offenders in the use of child soldiers, disregarding the recommendations of State Department experts and senior U.S. diplomats, U.S. officials said. The decision, confirmed by three U.S. officials, would break with longstanding protocol at the State Department over how to identify offending countries and could prompt accusations the Trump administration is prioritizing security and diplomatic interests ahead of human rights.  Tillerson overruled his own staff’s assessments on the use of child soldiers in both countries and rejected the recommendation of senior diplomats in Asia and the Middle East who wanted to keep Iraq and Myanmar on the list, said the officials, who have knowledge of the internal deliberations. Tillerson also rejected an internal State Department proposal to add Afghanistan to the list, the three U.S. officials said. One official said the decisions appeared to have been made following pressure from the Pentagon to avoid complicating  assistance to the Iraqi and Afghan militaries, close U.S. allies in the fight against Islamist militants. The officials spoke on condition of anonymity. Foreign militaries on the list can face sanctions including a prohibition on receiving U.S. military aid, training and U.S.-made weapons unless the White House issues a waiver. Human rights officials expressed surprise at the delisting, which was expected to be announced on Tuesday, the officials said, as part of the State Department’s annual Trafficking in Persons (TIP) Report. A State Department official said the TIP report’s contents were being kept under wraps until its release and the department “does not discuss details of internal deliberations.” The Pentagon did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Under the Child Soldiers Prevention Act of 2008, the U.S. government must be satisfied that “no children are recruited, conscripted or otherwise compelled to serve as child soldiers” in order for a country to be removed from the list and U.S. military assistance to resume. In the lead-up to Tuesday’s report, the State Department’s Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor, which researches the issue and helps shape U.S. policy on it, along with its legal office and diplomatic bureaus in Asia and the Middle East concluded that the evidence merited keeping both countries on the list, the officials said. Officials said that although the report had been finalized there was always the possibility of last-minute changes. Human Rights Watch said removing Myanmar, formerly known as Burma, from the list would be a “completely premature and disastrous action that will effectively betray more children to continued servitude and rights abuses.” The decision also would put the Trump administration at odds with the United Nations, which continues to list the Myanmar military, along with seven ethnic armed groups, on its list of entities using and recruiting child soldiers. “What’s particularly astonishing is this move ignores that the U.N. in Burma says that it is still receiving new cases of children being recruited” by the Myanmar military, said Phil Robertson, deputy Asia director at Human Rights Watch. Rights groups have long accused Myanmar of using child soldiers. Bordering both China and India, Myanmar is also of growing strategic importance to the United States at a time of increasing encroachment in the region by China, which has sought closer relations with its neighbor. Iraq, which has received more than $2 billion in U.S. arms and training over the last three years, was added to the State Department’s “Child Soldier Prevention Act List” in 2016. However, the flow of U.S. assistance has continued. Former President Barack Obama handed out full or partial waivers regularly, including last year to Iraq, Myanmar, Nigeria, South Sudan and others out of 10 countries on the list. Last year’s State Department report said some militias of Iraq’s Popular Mobilization Forces (PMF), an umbrella group of mostly Shi’ite Muslim factions with ties to the Iraqi government and backed by Iran, “recruited and used child soldiers.” The report said that despite the PMF being funded by the government, Baghdad struggled to control all of its factions. “The government did not hold anyone accountable for child recruitment and use by the PMF and PMF-affiliated militias.”     Human Rights Watch said in January that it had learned that militias had been recruiting child soldiers from one Iraqi refugee camp since last spring.     The broader TIP report, the first of Trump’s presidency, is sure to be closely scrutinized for further signs that under his “America First” approach there will be little pressure brought to bear on friendly governments, especially strategically important ones, for human rights violations at home. The Obama administration, while more vocal about political repression around the world, also faced criticism from human rights groups and some U.S. lawmakers that decisions on annual human trafficking rankings had become increasingly politicized. ",1
3043,Trump reaches out to lawmakers on healthcare as another says 'no',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump made calls to fellow Republicans in the U.S. Senate on Friday to mobilize support for their party’s healthcare overhaul while acknowledging the legislation is on a “very, very narrow path” to passage. Five Republican senators have announced they will not support the bill, which is designed to repeal and replace Obamacare, in its current form. White House officials said on Friday that Trump has been in touch with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and made calls on Thursday and Friday to other lawmakers. Trump’s role is expected to become more pronounced in coming days as the vote nears. Senate Republican leaders may rely on the deal-making former businessman to lean on conservative senators who are balking at the bill. “We’re pleasantly surprised with a lot of the support that’s already come out and I think we’ll continue to work through (it,) in particular the four individuals who have expressed some ideas and concerns,” White House spokesman Sean Spicer told reporters at a White House briefing. With all Democrats expected to oppose the measure, the Republicans can afford to lose the support of only two of their 52 members if they want to pass the legislation. After Spicer spoke, Republican Senator Dean Heller became the fifth Republican opponent on Friday, saying he would not support the bill in its current form.  “This bill that’s currently in front of the United States Senate is not the answer,” Heller, a moderate who is up for re-election in 2018, said at a news conference in Las Vegas. That could add Heller’s name to Trump’s call list. A White House official said the Trump has pushed his team to stay involved and plans to flex his negotiating muscle, the official said. An outside political group aligned with the White House, America First Policies, said it is planning an advertising campaign targeting Heller for his opposition to the bill. Healthcare stocks closed down 0.1 percent on Friday, clawing back some losses after the sector dropped sharply late in the session on Heller’s announcement. The Senate’s 142-page proposal, worked out in secret by a group led by McConnell, aims to deliver on a central Trump campaign promise to undo former President Barack Obama’s signature healthcare law, which has provided coverage to 20 million Americans since it was passed in 2010. Republicans view the law, formally known as the Affordable Care Act, as a costly government intrusion and say individual insurance markets created by it are collapsing. On Thursday, four of the Senate’s most conservative members said the new plan failed to rein in the federal government’s role. Rand Paul, who has rejected the plan along with fellow Republican Senators Ted Cruz, Mike Lee and Ron Johnson, said fundamental problems remained that would leave taxpayers subsidizing health insurance companies. Trump, in an interview with Fox News that aired on Friday morning, called the group of conservative lawmakers “four very good people.” “It’s not that they’re opposed,” he said. “They’d like to get certain changes. And we’ll see if we can take care of that.” Trump said getting approval would require traveling a “very, very narrow path” but that “I think we’re going to get there.” “It’s going to be a good bill,” Trump said in a separate Fox News interview to air on Sunday.   For the House of Representatives’ version of healthcare, Trump held regular meetings with representatives at the White House. He celebrated the bill’s narrow passage last month in a Rose Garden event with House Republican leaders.  Trump later criticized the House bill privately as “mean” and this week called for a health plan “with heart.” He indicated the Senate plan met that request. McConnell said in an interview with Reuters last month that he told Trump early on in the process that he did not need his help but that there may be a role for him later. The Senate bill maintains much of the structure of the House’s but differs in key ways. It would phase out Obamacare’s expansion of the Medicaid program for the poor more gradually, waiting until after the 2020 presidential election, but would enact deeper cuts starting in 2025. It also would provide more generous tax subsidies than the House bill to help low-income people buy private insurance. ",1
3044,Factbox: Where Republican U.S. senators stand on healthcare bill,"(Reuters) - U.S. Senate Republicans’ legislation to overhaul Obamacare hit roadblocks almost as soon as it was unveiled: opposition from all 48 Democratic and independent senators and four conservative Republican lawmakers, as well as skepticism from several other Republicans. To win approval of the bill released on Thursday, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell can afford to lose only two Republican votes. (In the event of a deadlocked 50-50 vote, Republican Vice President can vote to break the tie.) Here is a tally of where Republican senators stand on the bill in its present form, before any possible amendments, based on statements by or interviews with the lawmakers on Thursday and Friday. OPPOSED: Five senators - Rand Paul of Kentucky, Ron Johnson of Wisconsin, Ted Cruz of Texas, Mike Lee of Utah and Dean Heller of Nevada. SUPPORTIVE: Four senators - Richard Burr of North Carolina and three members of the Senate Republican leadership: John Cornyn of Texas, John Thune of South Dakota and John Barrasso of Wyoming. UNDECIDED, LEANING YES: Four senators - Patrick Toomey of Pennsylvania, Richard Shelby of Alabama, Lamar Alexander of Tennessee  and Johnny Isakson of Georgia. UNDECIDED: 10 senators - Shelley Moore Capito of West Virginia, Bill Cassidy of Louisiana, Marco Rubio of Florida, Susan Collins of Maine, Rob Portman of Ohio, Lisa Murkowski of Alaska, James Risch of Idaho, John McCain of Arizona, Thom Tillis of North Carolina and Lindsey  Graham of South Carolina. ",1
3045,White House says Trump tweet meets Comey tapes records request,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House said in a letter on Friday that a tweet by President Donald Trump on Thursday was the formal answer to a request by the House of Representatives Intelligence Committee for information about records of conversations with fired FBI Director James Comey. The letter to Republican Representative Mike Conaway, who is leading the panel’s investigation into Russian interference to the 2016 election, and Representative Adam Schiff, the committee’s top Democrat, said: “In response to the committee’s inquiry, we refer you to President Trump’s June 22, 2017, statement regarding this matter.” The House panel said on June 9 it had written to Don McGahn, the White House counsel, asking about the existence of any recordings or memos covering Comey’s conversations with Trump and asked that copies of the materials be provided to the panel by June 23. Trump wrote on Twitter on Thursday, a day before the deadline, that he did not know if there were recordings of his conversations with Comey, but he did not make or have any such recordings. Conaway told reporters Friday morning that Trump’s tweet was not a sufficient response. Schiff said in a statement on Thursday that Trump’s Twitter comment stopped short of denying the White House had tapes or recordings and said the White House must respond in writing. (This version of the story corrects Conaway’s role to leader of investigation from chairman in second paragraph) ",1
3046,Trump does not intend to fire investigator Mueller: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump has no intention of firing the special counsel investigating charges of Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. election, even though he questioned the official’s impartiality in an interview, the White House said on Friday. White House spokesman Sean Spicer told reporters that while Trump “retains the authority” to dismiss special counsel Robert Mueller, “he has no intention of doing that.” Trump voiced concern in a TV interview on Fox News on Friday about what he said was the close relationship between former FBI Director James Comey and Mueller, who was named to take over the Russia investigation after Trump fired Comey. “He’s very, very good friends with Comey, which is bothersome,” Trump told Fox News. “Look, there has been no obstruction. There has been no collusion. There has been leaking by Comey.” Lawmakers investigating allegations of Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. election have raised questions about whether Comey’s May 9 firing was an attempt by Trump to stop the Russia probe. While White House officials have said the firing was due to concerns about Comey’s actions at the Federal Bureau of Investigation, Trump told an interviewer the Russia investigation was one of his concerns in taking the action. But the president insists his campaign did not collude with Russia and that his firing of Comey did not obstruct justice. “There’s been no collusion, no obstruction and virtually everybody agrees to that,” Trump told Fox, adding that Mueller “is an honorable man and hopefully he’ll come up with an honorable solution.” Russia denies it meddled in the U.S. presidential election. In excerpts from a separate interview, Trump criticized President Barack Obama for inaction in the face of Russian meddling.  “Well I just heard today for the first time that Obama knew about Russia a long time before the election, and he did nothing about it,” Trump said, according to excerpts from a Fox News interview to be broadcast on Sunday.  In congressional testimony on Wednesday, Jeh Johnson, who headed the Homeland Security Department under Obama, said his department had warned about hacking into voter databases. When asked why the Obama administration did not do more to warn the public, he said: “We were very concerned that we would not be perceived as taking sides in the election, injecting ourselves into a very heated campaign.” ",1
3047,White House close to naming nominees for U.S. SEC: senior official,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House is very close to naming its nominees for the top U.S. securities regulator, a senior official said on Friday, which could lead the current three-member Securities and Exchange Commission to reach its full five-member complement in the near future. The official said there are currently nominees in the “pipeline” and undergoing the security clearance review that typically takes two months. The senior White House official spoke on condition of anonymity. ",1
3048,U.S. would like nuclear deal with India to go forward: official,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s administration would like to see a Westinghouse nuclear reactor deal with India move forward, a senior White House official said on Friday ahead of Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s meetings with Trump on Monday. The deal, years in the making, has been slow to complete due to concerns about liability in the event of a nuclear accident. “We’re still very much interested in seeing this deal move forward,” the official told reporters. “Westinghouse stands by the viability of the project ... We very much support continued negotiations between Westinghouse and its Indian partners.” ",1
3049,Senators demand investigation of reports of torture in Yemen,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The leaders of the U.S. Senate Armed Services Committee asked Defense Secretary Jim Mattis on Friday to investigate any involvement of U.S. interrogators at secret prisons in Yemen where inmates have reportedly been tortured. The Associated Press published a report on Wednesday that nearly 2,000 men have disappeared into a secret network of prisons in Yemen run by the United Arab Emirates or Yemeni forces trained by the Gulf nation, where they have been abused and tortured. The UAE denied the allegations in a statement to AP. The AP report said U.S. forces have been involved in interrogations of detainees, citing senior American defense officials. The U.S. officials denied any participation in or knowledge of human rights abuses, but obtaining intelligence that may have been extracted by torture inflicted by another party would violate the International Convention Against Torture. Senators John McCain, the Senate committee’s Republican chairman, and Jack Reed, its ranking Democrat, asked Mattis to conduct an immediate review of the alleged abuses, including of U.S. support to the forces involved. McCain, who was tortured as a prisoner of war in Vietnam, has been a leader of anti-torture efforts in Congress. In the letter, he and Reed argued that any suggestion the United States is complicit in torture hurts national security. They also asked Mattis to assess what, if anything, U.S. forces knew about the alleged abuses and to provide a briefing to the committee as soon as possible. “We are confident that you find these allegations as extremely troubling as we do,” McCain and Reed wrote. ",1
3050,"As debt limit looms, House leaders eye bipartisan deal","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Congressional leaders are quietly working on a bipartisan deal to raise the U.S. debt ceiling within weeks, hoping to prevent the difficult debt issue from snarling a budget fight to come in September, a senior Democratic budget writer said on Friday. John Yarmuth, top Democrat on the U.S. House of Representatives Budget Committee, told Reuters there is bipartisan interest in raising the debt limit before August. “There is talk going on, there is leadership conversation about this,” said Yarmuth, who added that House Democrats do not plan to demand concessions from Republicans in exchange for supporting a debt limit increase. Unlike most countries, the U.S. government has a statutory limit on how much money it can borrow to cover the budget deficit that results from Washington spending more than it collects in taxes. Only Congress can raise that limit.  The Trump administration has warned the debt limit will need to be raised in the fall. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin last month moved the target deadline for action to September from October, saying tax receipts are coming in slower than expected. Senate Republicans remain in contact with the administration on the issue, but don’t have further updates on their plans, a senior aide said. House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi has said Democrats will support a “clean” debt-limit bill, free of conditions. Conservative Republicans in the House Freedom Caucus have traditionally voted against clean increases and have already indicated they would like to raise the debt limit less than requested by the Trump administration. Congress’s agenda is crowded, with healthcare legislation pending and a deal needed by late September on funding the government. Raising the debt limit adds another obligation. Over the past decade, raising the limit went from a routine job to a politically charged negotiation. In 2011, under former Democratic President Barack Obama, Republicans began demanding concessions in exchange for their votes to raise the limit. As a result, the nation twice went to the brink of busting the debt ceiling before an agreement could be reached. Yarmuth said Democrats are not opposed to attaching a debt ceiling increase to “bipartisan” legislation, but warned against adding “poison pills.”  “I don’t think our side wants to play games with this,” he said. Bipartisan discussions in the Senate on the debt limit have not begun, a leadership aide confirmed.      Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer told reporters earlier this week that the responsibility for raising the limit lies with Republicans and warned against tying the debt limit to deficit-creating tax cuts for the rich. ",1
3051,Republican Senator Heller opposes healthcare bill: MSNBC,"(Reuters) - U.S. Republican Senator Dean Heller said on Friday he would not support a healthcare bill unveiled by the Senate Republican leadership in its current form, becoming the fifth Republican senator to oppose the draft legislation, MSNBC reported. “This bill ... is not the answer,” Heller told MSNBC. “I’m announcing today that in this form I will not support it.” ",1
3052,Democrat sees bipartisan support for corporate tax reform,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump could find Democratic support for a corporate tax reform package if a comprehensive tax code overhaul runs aground over Republican infighting, a Democratic lawmaker told Reuters on Friday. Representative John Yarmuth, top Democrat on the House of Representatives Budget Committee, predicted Trump’s promise to deliver the biggest tax reform since Ronald Reagan would have to be scaled back if the Republican-controlled Senate fails next week to adopt legislation dismantling Obamacare, formally known as the Affordable Care Act. The Trump administration and Republican congressional leaders are trying to agree in closed-door talks on a comprehensive 2017 tax reform bill that would cut taxes for individuals and businesses and overhaul the U.S. tax code. Their aim is to unveil legislation in September.  But a Republican effort to dismantle the Affordable Care Act, which would could ease the path to tax reform, faces difficulties in the Senate, where a healthcare measure is opposed by enough lawmakers to block passage. Yarmuth, a Kentucky Democrat, said there are also few signs that House and Senate Republicans can unify their fractured caucuses to pass a fiscal 2018 budget resolution, which they must do to enact tax reform without Democratic votes. “Tax reform is going to be really difficult,” Yarmuth said. “If they limited it to corporate tax reform, I think there’s an opportunity to get it home and get it done on a bipartisan basis.” Trump wants to cut business tax rates to 15 percent. Yarmuth said “a fair amount of Democrats” agree that the current 35 percent corporate tax rate is too high and should be more competitive with other countries. A bipartisan package could lower the corporate tax rate to 25 percent or 28 percent and include measures to help small businesses, Yarmuth said.    Republicans have thus far balked at the idea of a narrow corporate tax deal. On Thursday, House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady said Republicans would reject tax legislation that left the corporate rate at around 28 percent.   But tax rate targets have eluded Republican efforts to hammer out a deal. Some lawmakers say a defeat for the Senate healthcare bill would make tax reform harder by leaving in place hundreds of billions of dollars in Obamacare taxes Meanwhile, the House Budget Committee hopes to send a budget proposal to the floor next week that would include a procedural path for tax reform to proceed with only Republican votes, panel members said. They warned that any Republican deal within the committee did not ensure speedy passage in the Republican-led House, where conservative Republicans want a budget that includes steep cuts to domestic spending, which more moderate Republicans oppose. Yarmuth said Republicans, at one point, considered using language in a 2018 budget proposal - known as reconciliation instructions - for both tax reform and healthcare, a move that could keep hopes for dismantling Obamacare alive if the Senate fails to pass a bill.  ",1
3053,White House spokesman does not rule out Trump-Putin July meeting in Germany,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A White House spokesman did not rule out a meeting between President Donald Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin when he was asked about reports the two leaders may hold talks on the sidelines of a Group of 20 meeting in Germany next month.  “To the extent that we can work with Russia to solve some problems and to cooperate, if we can find that willingness then we’d like to do it,” spokesman Sean Spicer said at a news briefing. ",1
3054,Trump is 'very supportive' of Senate healthcare bill: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump is very pleased with the draft healthcare bill Senate Republican leaders have unveiled and wants to continue to “push it forward,” the White House said on Friday. “The president is very supportive of the Senate bill. There’s a lot of ideas in there - he’s talked about having heart,” White House spokesman Sean Spicer told reporters when asked if Trump preferred the Senate’s draft to a bill to repeal Obamacare approved by the House of Representatives. “I think he’s very pleased with that (Senate) bill and he wants to continue to push it forward,” Spicer said. ",1
3055,Trump aide Juster to be nominated as U.S. ambassador to India: officials,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump is expected to nominate a top economic aide, Kenneth Juster, as the next U.S. ambassador to India, two senior White House officials said on Friday. Juster is a top deputy on the White House National Economic Council. He is a familiar face among Indian officials, having chaired the U.S.-India High Technology Cooperation Group when Republican George W. Bush was president. Trump is to play host to Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the White House on Monday. ",1
3056,White House says hopeful healthcare reform to be completed by August: Fox News,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House is hopeful Congress can complete action on a bill to repeal and replace Obamacare by the time lawmakers go on recess in August, White House spokesman Sean Spicer said on Friday. Spicer told Fox News Channel he thought prospects the Senate would pass a healthcare reform bill were “very high,” setting up the possibility a final compromise bill could clear the House and Senate before a planned August break. “I think we’re going to get this thing done ... and hopefully by the August recess really have Obamacare repealed and replaced,” he said. ",1
3057,"Senate Republicans unveil Obamacare replacement bill, but fate uncertain","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Republicans on Thursday unveiled legislation that would replace Obamacare with a plan that scales back aid to the poor and kills a tax on the wealthy, but the bill’s fate was quickly thrown into question as several senators voiced skepticism. Four conservative lawmakers said they could not support it in its current form, leaving Republicans short of the votes they need for passage. Democrats are united in opposition.     The 142-page proposal, worked out in secret by a group led Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, aims to deliver on a central campaign promise of President Donald Trump by rolling back former President Barack Obama’s signature healthcare law, which has provided coverage to millions of Americans since it was passed in 2010. Republicans view the law, formally known as the Affordable Care Act, as a costly government intrusion into the private marketplace. Trump welcomed the bill but indicated that changes may be in store. “I am very supportive of the Senate #Healthcarebill. Look forward to making it really special!” he wrote on Twitter. Trump urged the House of Representatives to pass a similar bill in May, only to criticize it in private as “mean” once it passed. He said on Wednesday he wanted a health plan “with heart.”  Democrats immediately attacked the legislation as a callous giveaway to the rich that would leave millions without coverage. “The president said the House bill was mean,” said Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer. “The Senate bill may be even meaner.” Obama weighed in on Facebook. “If there’s a chance you might get sick, get old, or start a family – this bill will do you harm,” he wrote. The Senate’s most conservative members said the plan did not do enough to scale back the U.S. government’s role. “This current bill does not repeal Obamacare. It does not keep our promises to the American people,” said Senator Rand Paul, who along with fellow Republican Senators Ted Cruz, Mike Lee and Ron Johnson said they could not support it in its current form. Shares of hospital companies and health insurers rose on the bill’s release, with the overall S&P 500 healthcare sector closing up 1.1 percent at an all-time high. “The initial proposal I think is more generous and more positive to the industry than expected,” said Jeff Jonas, a portfolio manager with Gabelli Funds. Over months of often bitter debate, Republicans have struggled to craft legislation that lowers costs and reduces government involvement, while minimizing the inevitable disruptions that would come with a revamp of a sector that accounts for one-sixth of the world’s largest economy. The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office found that the House bill would kick 23 million Americans off their health plans, and the legislation is unpopular with the public. Fewer than one in 3 Americans supports it, according to Reuters/Ipsos polling. The Senate measure maintains much of the structure of the House bill, but differs in several key ways. The Senate bill would phase out Obamacare’s expansion of the Medicaid program for the poor more gradually than the House version, waiting until after the next presidential election in 2020, but would enact deeper cuts starting in 2025. It would also allow states to add work requirements for some of the 70 million Americans who depend on the program.  The legislation also provides more generous tax subsidies than the House bill to help low-income people buy private insurance.  Those subsidies would be based on income, rather than the age-based subsidies contained in the House bill - a “major improvement,” according to Republican Senator Susan Collins, a key moderate who has expressed concern over the bill’s impact on the poor.  The Senate legislation provides less money, however, for the opioid epidemic, allocating $2 billion in 2018, compared with  $45 billion over 10 years in the House version.  Both versions would repeal the 3.8 percent net investment income tax on high earners, a key target for Republicans.  They also would repeal a penalty imposed on large employers that do not provide insurance to their workers, and remove the fine that Obamacare imposes on those who choose to go uninsured. Policy experts said that would keep more young, healthy people out of the market and likely create a sicker patient pool. The Senate bill would provide money to stabilize the individual insurance market, allotting $15 billion a year in 2018 and 2019 and $10 billion a year in 2020 and 2021. It proposes defunding Planned Parenthood for a year, but abortion-related restrictions are less stringent than the House version because of uncertainty over whether they would comply with Senate rules. They could be included in another Senate bill. McConnell said Democrats chose not to help frame the bill, which Republicans say would fix a collapsing health marketplace. “Republicans believe we have a responsibility to act, and we are,” he said. Democrats say they offered to help fix Obamacare but were rebuffed. The bill’s real-world impact is not yet known, but the CBO is expected to provide an estimate early next week. As lawmakers spoke about the legislation on the Senate floor, a protest erupted outside McConnell’s personal office, with many people in wheelchairs blocking a hallway, holding signs and chanting: “No cuts to Medicaid.” U.S. Capitol Police said 43 protesters were arrested and charged with obstruction. Aside from the quartet of conservatives, none of the other 48 Republican senators appeared to reject the bill out of hand. But several said they would check with home-state constituents before taking a position. “I expect there’s going to be a number of changes between now and the final vote,” said Senator John Barrasso of Wyoming. ",1
3058,UK PM May welcomes Trump's pick for U.S. ambassador: spokeswoman,"LONDON (Reuters) - The planned appointment of National Football League team owner Woody Johnson as U.S. ambassador to London shows President Donald Trump’s commitment to close ties with Britain, Prime Minister Theresa May’s spokeswoman said on Friday. “We are looking forward to working with the new U.S. ambassador once that is confirmed,” May’s spokeswoman said. “His close personal relationship with the president shows the commitment of the administration to the special relationship between our two countries.” ",1
3059,"Trump denies obstructing FBI probe, says has no tapes of talks with Comey","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Thursday he had not obstructed the FBI’s probe into alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. presidential election and had not recorded his conversations with former FBI chief James Comey. Comey was leading the investigation into allegations Russia tried to sway the election toward Trump and the possibility Trump associates colluded with Moscow when the president fired him on May 9, sparking a political firestorm. “Look there has been no obstruction, there has been no collusion,” Trump told Fox News Channel in an interview set to air on Friday. Fox released a partial transcript of the interview on Thursday. The former head of the Federal Bureau of Investigation testified before a Senate committee that Trump had asked him to drop a probe into former national security adviser Michael Flynn’s alleged ties to Russia. Earlier on Thursday, Trump said he did not make and does not possess any tapes of his conversations with Comey, after suggesting last month he might have recordings that could undercut Comey’s description of events. “I have no idea whether there are ‘tapes’ or recordings of my conversations with James Comey, but I did not make, and do not have, any such recordings,” Trump wrote on Twitter. Lawmakers investigating allegations of Russian interference in the U.S. election had asked the White House for any such recordings. Shortly after dismissing Comey, Trump mentioned the possibility of tapes in a Twitter post. “James Comey better hope that there are no ‘tapes’ of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press!” Trump tweeted on May 12. Allegations of ties to Russia have cast a shadow over Trump’s first five months in office, distracting from attempts by his fellow Republicans in Congress to overhaul the U.S. healthcare and tax systems. Trump has privately told aides that the threat of the existence of tapes forced Comey to tell the truth in his recent testimony, a source familiar with the situation said. Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House of Representatives Intelligence Committee, said Trump still had questions to answer about possible tapes. “If the president had no tapes, why did he suggest otherwise? Did he seek to mislead the public? Was he trying to intimidate or silence James Comey? And if so, did he take other steps to discourage potential witnesses from speaking out?” Schiff said in a statement. CNN reported on Thursday that two top U.S. intelligence officials told investigators Trump suggested they publicly deny any collusion between his campaign and Russia, but that they did not feel he had ordered them to do so.  Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats and National Security Agency Director Admiral Mike Rogers met separately last week with investigators for special counsel Robert Mueller and the Senate Intelligence Committee, according to CNN.  The two officials said they were surprised at Trump’s suggestion and found their interactions with him odd and uncomfortable, but they did not act on the president’s requests, CNN reported, citing sources familiar with their accounts. Reuters was unable to verify the CNN report. In his interview with Fox, Trump expressed concern about what he described as the close relationship between Comey and Mueller, who was appointed to take over the investigation after Comey was fired. “Well he’s very, very good friends with Comey, which is very bothersome,” Trump said, according to the Fox transcript. The Kremlin has denied U.S. intelligence agencies’ conclusion that Moscow tried to tilt the election in Trump’s favor, using such means as hacking into the emails of senior Democrats. Trump has repeatedly denied any collusion. ",1
3060,Trump says he has not obstructed FBI's probe Russia probe: Fox News,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Thursday said he had not obstructed the FBI’s investigation into alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. presidential election and possible collusion by his campaign. “Look, there has been no obstruction, there has been no collusion,” Trump told Fox News Channel in an interview set to air on Friday. Fox provided a partial transctipt of the interview in advance of its airing. ",1
3061,Four Republican senators say they cannot support healthcare bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Four conservative U.S. Republican senators said on Thursday they are not prepared to vote for the Senate Republican healthcare proposal unveiled on Thursday when it comes to the floor, probably next week. “Currently, for a variety of reasons, we are not ready to vote for this bill, but we are open to negotiation and obtaining more information before it is brought to the floor,” the senators — Rand Paul, Mike Lee, Ron Johnson, and Ted Cruz — said in a joint statement. The draft bill would not repeal Obamacare and lower healthcare costs, they said. If legislation is to prevail, Republicans can only lose the support of two of the Senate’s 52 Republicans, assuming all 48 Democrats and independents oppose the bill as expected. ",1
3062,Factbox: Where key U.S. Republican senators stand on healthcare bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Republicans offered a bill on Thursday to overhaul Obamacare, the next phase in the party’s long war against the 2010 law enacted by then-Democratic President Barack Obama. The legislation met a wall of opposition from Democrats and initial skepticism among some Republicans, leaving Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell a narrow path to passage. The bill would roll back an expansion of the Medicaid health program for the poor and disabled over three years, cut its federal funding beginning in 2025, restructure Obamacare’s tax credits for low-income Americans, and repeal several taxes.  To pass the bill, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell can only afford to lose two Republican votes. The Senate is comprised of 52 Republicans, 46 Democrats and two independents who caucus with the Democrats (In the event of a deadlocked vote, Republican Vice President can vote to break the tie.)     Several Republicans on Thursday expressed reservations or opposition to the bill: Rand Paul of Kentucky, Ron Johnson of Wisconsin, Ted Cruz of Texas and Mike Lee of Utah said in a joint statement: “We are not ready to vote for this bill. ... There are provisions in this draft that represent an improvement to our current health care system, but it does not appear this draft as written will accomplish the most important promise that we made to Americans: to repeal Obamacare and lower their health care costs.” The four said they were open to negotiation, with Cruz saying in a separate statement that he wants to “get to yes.” Richard Burr of North Carolina said outside the Senate: “I’m supportive of it. I think it strikes a balance.” He added that the blueprint “can still be amended and probably will.” Three members of the Senate Republican leadership - John Cornyn of Texas, John Thune of South Dakota, and John Barrasso of Wyoming - all put out supportive statements, saying the bill would help improve the affordability of healthcare. Barrasso said the bill was not perfect, and “we will be working to improve on this draft.” UNDECIDED - LEANING YES Patrick Toomey of Pennsylvania said he was “still studying it but it strikes me as a good first step in what will be an ongoing process of fulfilling a commitment we made to the American people.” Richard Shelby of Alabama: “We’re looking at it. My plan is to support the thrust of the bill. If it’s a good bill overall, I’m going to support it.” Lamar Alexander of Tennessee listed a number of benefits for his constituents in the draft, including that it makes no change in Medicare benefits. “I’m going to stay focused on it next week as the bill goes to the Senate floor ... and my focus will be on how it affects Tennesseans.” Shelley Moore Capito of West Virginia: “I will review the draft legislation released this morning ... to evaluate whether it provides access to affordable health care for West Virginians.” Bill Cassidy of Louisiana: “I’m undecided. I have to read the text.” Marco Rubio of Florida said he will “decide how to vote on health care on the basis of how it impacts Florida.” Dean Heller of Nevada said he had “serious concerns” about the bill’s impact on Medicaid in his state. Susan Collins of Maine said it was “too soon” to judge the bill and she has some concerns about cuts to Medicaid after 2025 and defunding of Planned Parenthood. Rob Portman of Ohio said in a statement that he continued to have “real concerns” about the Medicaid policies in the bill, especially those that affect drug treatment. He said his decision will depend on what is in the final version of the bill. Lisa Murkowski of Alaska said, “I’m going to read it.” James Risch of Idaho: “It’s a work in progress. Ask me again when we see the final product.” John McCain of Arizona said he is reading the bill. “It’s a big thing, we just found out about it. I am just waiting until I can absorb the entire bill.” Thom Tillis of North Carolina said in a statement that any replacement plan must be a net improvement over Obamacare, and he would be “reviewing the draft legislation over the next several days.” Tom Cotton of Arkansas said, “no comment.” ",1
3063,"Factbox: How Senate, House Obamacare overhaul bills compare","(Reuters) - After weeks of discussions behind closed doors, the U.S. Senate unveiled a draft of its healthcare bill on Thursday that would overhaul the Affordable Care Act, commonly known as Obamacare.  The House of Representatives narrowly passed its healthcare bill last month. If the Senate passes its bill, the House will either have to vote on the Senate version of the legislation or the two chambers will have to reconcile their differences in a conference committee.  Obamacare extended coverage to some 20 million additional Americans through both subsidized private insurance and an expansion of Medicaid. Since its passage in 2010, Republicans have campaigned on repealing the program and argued that the law is too costly and represents undue government interference in Americans’ healthcare.  Here is how the two bills compare on their main provisions:  Under Obamacare, more than 30 states, including about a dozen states with Republican governors, expanded the Medicaid government health insurance program for the poor and disabled. Both bills would roll back the expansion and significantly overhaul the program, which provides insurance to nearly 70 million people. SENATE: The draft legislation would phase out Obamacare’s expansion of Medicaid over three years, from 2021 to 2024. It would then overhaul the program and reduce its federal funding more than the House bill would, beginning in 2025. HOUSE: The bill would allow the Medicaid expansion to continue until Jan. 1, 2020. After that date, expansion would end, and people who enrolled in the expansion could not re-enroll once they leave. Medicaid funding would be capped on a per-person basis. SENATE: The bill would repeal most Obamacare taxes beginning after Dec. 31, 2016, including the 3.8 percent net investment income tax on wealthy Americans. The tax on branded prescription brands would be repealed in 2018, and the legislation would delay the so-called Cadillac tax on high-cost employer-provided insurance. It would also provide more generous tax credits for the purchase of private health insurance for people between zero and 350 percent of the federal poverty level based on income. Under Obamacare, those between 100 and 400 percent of the federal poverty level were eligible for tax credits.  HOUSE: The bill would repeal most Obamacare taxes retroactively after Dec. 31, 2016, and delay the Cadillac tax to 2026. It would provide flat age-based tax credits for the purchase of private health insurance ranging from $2,000 to $4,000 per year that would be capped at upper-income levels.  Both bills would repeal the penalties associated with the individual mandate that nearly everyone purchase health insurance or else pay a fine, and the mandate that employers provide insurance to employees.  SENATE: The legislation would maintain the popular Obamacare provision that young adults be allowed to stay on their parents’ health insurance until age 26. It would also prevent insurers from discriminating against those with pre-existing conditions, but would give states flexibility to opt out of so-called essential health benefits, such as maternity care and prescription drug coverage, that experts said could make it harder for some sick people to find affordable plans. The bill would also allow insurers to charge older Americans up to five times more than younger Americans. HOUSE: The bill would allow young adults to remain on their parents’ insurance until age 26. It would allow states to opt out of essential health benefits and Obamacare’s requirement that insurers charge sick and healthy people the same rates. It would also let insurers mark up premiums by 30 percent for those who have a lapse in insurance coverage of about two months or more. Insurers could charge older Americans up to five times more than younger Americans. ",1
3064,Trump says he is 'very supportive' of Senate healthcare bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said he supported a Republican healthcare bill to replace Obamacare that was unveiled in the Senate on Thursday. “I am very supportive of the Senate #HealthcareBill. Look forward to making it really special! Remember, ObamaCare is dead,” Trump said on Twitter.  Trump had privately referred to healthcare legislation passed by the House last month as “mean,” according to congressional sources. He told a rally on Wednesday in Iowa that he wanted a Senate bill “with heart.” ",1
3065,Judge in Michigan blocks deportation of 100 Iraqis,"(Reuters) - A U.S. judge on Thursday temporarily blocked the deportation of about 100 Iraqi nationals rounded up in Michigan in recent weeks who argued that they could face persecution or torture in Iraq because they are religious minorities. U.S. District Judge Mark Goldsmith in Michigan issued an order staying the deportation of the Iraqis for at least two weeks as he decides whether he has jurisdiction over the matter. Goldsmith said it was unclear whether the Iraqis would ultimately succeed.  The arrests shocked the close-knit Iraqi community in Michigan. Six Michigan lawmakers in the U.S. House of Representatives urged the government to hold off on the removals until Congress can be given assurances about the deportees’ safety. The Michigan arrests were part of a coordinated sweep in recent weeks by immigration authorities who detained about 199 Iraqi immigrants around the country. They had final deportation orders and convictions for serious crimes.  The roundup followed Iraq’s agreement to accept deportees as part of a deal that removed the country from President Donald Trump’s revised temporary travel ban.  Some of those affected came to the United States as children and committed their crimes decades ago, but they had been allowed to stay because Iraq previously declined to issue travel documents for them. That changed after the two governments came to the agreement in March. A U.S. Department of Justice spokeswoman could not immediately be reached for comment on the ruling. Lee Gelernt, an attorney for the American Civil Liberties Union representing the Iraqis in Michigan, said: “The court’s action today was legally correct and may very well have saved numerous people from abuse and possible death.” The U.S. government has argued that the district court does not have jurisdiction over the case. Only immigration courts can decide deportation issues, which can then only be reviewed by an appeals court, it said. U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement has said that people with convictions for murder, rape, assault, kidnapping, burglary and drugs and weapons charges were among the Iraqis arrested nationwide. The ACLU argued that many of those affected in Michigan are Chaldean Catholics who are “widely recognized as targets of brutal persecution in Iraq.”  Some Kurdish Iraqis were also picked up in Nashville, Tennessee. In a letter on Thursday, Tennessee Representative Jim Cooper, a Democrat, asked the Iraqi ambassador whether Iraq would be able to ensure safe passage for them if they were returned. ",1
3066,Trump to nominate NFL team owner Johnson as U.S. ambassador to Britain,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump will nominate National Football League team owner Woody Johnson as U.S. ambassador to Britain, the White House said on Thursday. Johnson, a billionaire investor and owner of the New York Jets, will require Senate confirmation to take up the diplomatic post. Johnson’s nomination does not come as a surprise. In January, Trump referred to Johnson as “ambassador” during remarks at a luncheon and said the NFL team owner was “going to St. James.”   ",1
3067,Tough-talking Trump defense lawyer says he's no 'snowflake',"NEW YORK (Reuters) - The latest lawyer hired to represent U.S. President Donald Trump in the federal investigation of Russian interference in the 2016 election is an ex-Marine who likens some cases to war. “I fight hard,” John Dowd said in an interview. “I believe that’s what I’m supposed to do. I am not a snowflake, I can tell you that.” “Snowflake” is a disparaging term for people considered overly sensitive and fragile that has been adopted by some Trump supporters to mock liberals. Dowd, who spoke with Reuters on Wednesday, is a mirror of his client in many ways. He has a no-holds-barred, hyperbolic style and a history of attacking prosecutors, congressional Democrats and the media. The 76-year-old Washington lawyer, who retired from the firm of Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld in 2014, brings criminal defense and government investigation experience to Trump’s legal team.  The team, led by New York lawyer Marc Kasowitz, is tasked with responding to Robert Mueller, the special counsel named by the Justice Department to probe whether anyone associated with Trump or his campaign had any illegal dealings with Russian officials or others with ties to the Kremlin. Russian officials have denied meddling in the U.S. election, and Trump denies any collusion by his campaign. In what Dowd said would be his last major trial, he defended  billionaire hedge fund founder Raj Rajaratnam in one of the biggest insider trading cases of all time.  Rajaratnam was convicted of all 14 insider trading counts and sentenced to 11 years in prison in 2011. Former Assistant U.S. Attorney Reed Brodsky, who prosecuted the case, said Dowd put on a strong defense in the face of overwhelming evidence. “This is war, and I will defeat you,” Brodsky recalled Dowd declaring in one phone conversation. Dowd confirmed the sentiment on Wednesday. “It is a war,” he said of such cases. His tactics in the Rajaratnam case reflected that belief. Dowd aggressively challenged the prosecution’s stance on what constituted insider trading. He also fought the government’s wiretaps of his client’s cell phone, claiming investigators “gamed the system.”   Brodsky said he believed the physically commanding 6-foot-4-inch-tall Dowd would be a “ferocious defender of the president.”  In a manner similar to Trump, Dowd lashed out at what he perceived to be improper leaks by prosecutors and the Federal Bureau of Investigation during the Rajaratnam case, singling out then-Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara in particular.  “He sat in the back of the courtroom with his press dogs,” Dowd said. “It was the most atrocious thing I’ve ever seen.” Dowd also went after reporters. Bharara, who declined to comment on Wednesday, last weekend retweeted an intemperate 2011 email the defense lawyer sent to a Wall Street Journal reporter he accused of “whoring” for the prosecution. In another encounter with the press caught on camera, Dowd swore at and gave the middle finger to a CNBC reporter.    Like Trump, Dowd has a tendency to put his own spin on adverse news. After the Rajaratnam verdict, Dowd argued “the defense is winning” because the prosecution chose not to pursue 23 other allegations of insider trading. “The score is 23-14,” he told reporters. In a 2007 congressional probe of politically motivated firings of U.S. Attorneys, Dowd complained of McCarthyism when his client, former Justice Department official Monica Goodling, was criticized by Democrats for invoking the Fifth Amendment against self-incrimination. Dowd represented U.S. Senator John McCain on congressional ethics charges in the 1980s “Keating Five” banking scandal and conducted the Major League Baseball investigation that led to former Hall of Famer Pete Rose being banned from the sport for betting on games while he was manager of the Cincinnati Reds. Dowd would not discuss legal strategy for Trump but said the team the president had assembled was great. “We’re all fighters,” he said.  Though his hiring was first reported Friday, a person familiar with the matter said Dowd has been working with the team for weeks. Dowd said he knew Kasowitz partner Michael Bowe, who is also representing Trump, and met with Kasowitz at the end of May. Jay Sekulow, another member of the team, has been appearing on television on Trump’s behalf. Dowd also said he talked with the president but declined to describe their conversation. He called Trump “a fighter for the people” and said the president had done nothing wrong. A onetime military lawyer with the U.S. Marine Corps, Dowd noted his shared service in declining to criticize Mueller, a Marine platoon leader during the Vietnam War. “Bobby is doing what he has to do and he’ll do a good job,” said Dowd. “He’s a fellow Marine and he’s a good man.” ",1
3068,Ex-U.S. Attorney Bharara signs book deal after firing by Trump,"(Reuters) - Former Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara, who earned a reputation for fighting crime on Wall Street and public corruption before President Donald Trump fired him in March, has signed a book deal with Alfred A. Knopf.  The book, as yet untitled, is about “the search for justice, not just in criminal cases but in life and society in general,” Knopf said in a statement on Thursday. Publication is expected in January 2019. Bharara said his book would be about the law, “integrity, leadership, decision making, and moral reasoning.” “It addresses what it means to do the right thing, how to avoid doing the wrong thing, and the role of thoughtfulness in making the best choice,” Bharara said in a statement. In 2009, President Barack Obama appointed Bharara to serve as U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York, which includes Manhattan.  During seven and a half years as the chief federal prosecutor in that region, Bharara oversaw several notable corruption and white-collar criminal cases, as well as prosecutions of terrorism suspects. “Preet Bharara’s life experience, coupled with his standing as a U.S. Attorney and the cases he tried as prosecutor, makes him uniquely qualified to write this book,” said Sonny Mehta, editor-in-chief for Knopf, which is a division of Penguin Random House. Bharara, now a distinguished scholar in residence at New York University’s law school, was unexpectedly fired by Trump on March 11 after refusing to step down. He had been among 46 U.S. attorneys who were told a day earlier to submit their resignations. In November, Bharara met with Trump at Trump Tower in New York City, three weeks after the presidential election, and said at the time that they had a “good meeting” and he agreed to remain in his post as a federal prosecutor.” He was fired a few months later. This month, Bharara told ABC News in an interview that he received “unusual” phone calls from Trump after the election that made him uncomfortable. He said he was fired after declining to take the third call.  Bharara said he believed Trump’s calls to him violated the usual boundaries between the executive branch and independent criminal investigators. Knopf spokesman Paul Bogaards said on Thursday that Bharara “addresses the circumstances of his firing in the book proposal.” Whether the book itself goes into the details of Bharara’s firing “remains an open question,” Bogaards said. ",1
3069,"House Speaker Ryan backs swift action on Iran, Russia sanctions","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said on Thursday he supported efforts to quickly act on legislation to impose new sanctions on Russia and Iran that passed the Senate nearly unanimously but has stalled in the House. Republican Representative Ed Royce, chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, “has indicated he wants to get moving on this quickly, and we want to honor that,” Ryan said at his weekly news conference. The Countering Iran’s Destabilizing Activities Act, which also includes new sanctions against Russia, passed the Senate 98-2 last week, a vote that looked like it might complicate President Donald Trump’s desire for warmer relations with Moscow. The measure must pass the House before it can be sent to Trump to sign into law or veto. The House parliamentarian found that the legislation violated a constitutional requirement that any bill affecting government revenues must originate in the House, something known as a “blue slip” violation. Democrats said they were skeptical about the explanation, noting that previous “blue slip” issues had been resolved in a matter of minutes. Kevin Brady, the Republican chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee, told reporters he had sent the Senate a solution clearing the way for it to take the bill back, change it and move it forward. Ben Cardin, ranking Democrat on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, told Reuters the change did not appear to substantively alter the legislation and that staff was reviewing it to determine how to move ahead. Senior Senate Democratic aides said any bill involving sanctions or fines could be interpreted as affecting U.S. revenues. Trump’s fellow Republicans hold a larger majority in the House than in the Senate. Some lawmakers and congressional aides said the White House was concerned about a provision that would require Trump to obtain Congress’ approval before easing any sanctions on Russia. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson urged Congress last week to ensure that any sanctions package would give Trump the flexibility to adjust sanctions. White House spokesman Sean Spicer said the administration would not take a position before the bill advanced through the House. However, he acknowledged the White House needed to work with Congress on some areas of the measure. Ryan said he did not yet know if it would go through the formal markup debate and amendment process. Democrats have said that process could delay the bill for months. Asked if he supported the policy in the bill, Ryan said he supported sanctions. ",1
3070,"Trump meets wireless, drone executives on new technologies","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump offered support for emerging technologies including unmanned aerial vehicles and next-generation wireless networks in a meeting on Thursday with the chiefs of AT&T Inc and General Electric Co and other business leaders. The White House brought together venture capitalists and executives from the telecommunications and drone, or unmanned aerial system, industries to discuss how the government can speed technologies to market. The meeting, which lasted more than three hours including breakout sessions, is part of Trump’s effort to tap industry experts on how to boost U.S. competitiveness in various fields and create jobs. On Monday, Trump met with the heads of 18 U.S. technology companies including Apple Inc, Amazon.com Inc and Microsoft Corp, seeking their help to make the government’s computing systems more efficient. He will meet with energy industry leaders next week.     “We want them to create new companies and lots of jobs,” Trump told the executives on Thursday. “We’re going to give you the competitive advantage that you need.” In attendance were chief executives of several drone companies including Kespry Inc, AirMap, Airspace Inc, Measure UAS Inc, Trumbull Unmanned, and PrecisionHawk Inc. Drone makers argued that the administration should move faster to approve broader commercial use of drones and noted that the Transportation Department does not require automakers to win pre-approval of self-driving vehicle technologies. Senior executives at Xcel Energy Inc, Verizon Communications Inc and CenturyLink Inc also took part. Venture capital firms included Revolution LLC, headed by AOL co-founder Steve Case, 500 Startups, Cayuga Ventures, Epic Ventures and Lightspeed Ventures. Obama administration rules opened the skies to low-level small drones for education, research and routine commercial use. The Trump administration is considering whether to expand drone use for deliveries beyond the view of an operator. Security issues would need to be addressed. The Federal Aviation Administration in March estimated that by 2021 the fleet of small hobbyist drones will more than triple and commercial drones will grow tenfold to about 442,000. Last year, regulators cleared the way for next-generation 5G wireless networks, with expected speeds at least 10 times and maybe 100 times faster than today’s 4G networks. Testing is under way and deployment is expected around 2020 but infrastructure hurdles remain. Wireless signals need to be much faster and more responsive to allow advanced technologies such as virtual surgery or remote control of machinery. 5G networks could help to wirelessly connect devices such as thermostats or washing machines. ",1
3071,"Senator Paul says he, three other Republicans oppose new healthcare draft: AP","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Senator Rand Paul said on Thursday that he and three of his fellow Republicans in the Senate oppose the draft healthcare bill put forward by party leaders as it is currently written, potentially imperiling the legislation’s passage, the Associated Press reported. Republicans can only afford to lose two votes and still pass the bill in the Senate, given the expectation of universal Democratic opposition. ",1
3072,Trump says he did not record conversations with former FBI Director Comey,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Thursday said he did not make and does not possess any tapes of his conversations with former FBI Director James Comey, laying to rest speculation that arose after he tweeted last month that Comey better hope there were no tapes. “With all of the recently reported electronic surveillance, intercepts, unmasking and illegal leaking of information, I have no idea whether there are ‘tapes’ or recordings of my conversations with James Comey, but I did not make, and do not have, any such recordings,” Trump wrote on Twitter. ",1
3073,Pew U.S. survey finds agreement on some gun-control proposals,"(Reuters) - More than 80 percent of Americans want to limit firearms access for people with mental illness and require background checks at gun shows and in private sales, according to a Pew Research Center survey released on Thursday. Eighty-three percent also favor barring gun purchases by those on federal no-fly or watch lists, the survey found. But gun owners were far less supportive than non-owners of creating a federal database to track gun sales or to ban assault-style weapons and high-capacity magazines. The survey of 3,930 U.S. adults, including 1,269 gun owners, in March and April, provided a snapshot of American views on guns and gun policies as the nation grapples with gun violence. On June 14, an Illinois man opened fire on Republican members of Congress with legally purchased guns during a baseball practice near Washington, wounding Louisiana Representative Steve Scalise.  A few hours later, a UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco, killing three co-workers before fatally shooting himself. Some advocates called for a renewed push for gun control measures, as the Republican-controlled Congress has sought to relax existing gun laws. The National Rifle Association has opposed expanded background checks and argued the government was already being notified when someone on a no-fly list attempts to buy a gun. Pew’s survey respondents often diverged based on whether they were gun owners or non-owners, Republicans or Democrats and urban or rural residents. “Overall, 52 percent of Americans say gun laws should be stricter than they are today,” according to Washington-based Pew. Forty-four 44 percent of adults surveyed said they personally knew someone who was shot, accidentally or on purpose, and 83 percent believed gun violence was a very big or moderately big U.S. problem. As for violence in their local communities, 49 percent of black respondents said it was a very big problem, compared with 11 percent of whites.  A large majority said easy access to illegal guns contributed to gun violence, but just as many thought expanding gun ownership would boost crime as reduce it. Among all adults, 89 percent favored policies preventing the mentally ill from purchasing guns, and 84 percent favored background checks in private sales and at gun shows.  Tracking gun sales was favored by 71 percent overall, banning assault weapons by 68 percent, and banning high-capacity magazines by 65 percent, with gun-owners showing less approval than non-owners. ",1
3074,U.S. House Dems reject Deutsche Bank privacy claim in Trump query,"FRANKFURT (Reuters) - U.S. House Democrats rejected an assertion by Deutsche Bank that privacy laws prevent it from sharing information about President Donald Trump’s finances, as they investigate possible collusion between his campaign team and Russia.    In a letter to the bank’s lawyers made public on Thursday, five Democrats who have been seeking financial information about Trump argued U.S. federal laws protecting banking customers’ confidentiality did not apply to requests from Congress. The bank could also circumvent privacy concerns by obtaining disclosure consent from the president and his family, they said. “Given President Trump’s repeated assertions that he does not have ties to Russia, such disclosure would ostensibly be in his interest,” they wrote. Deutsche Bank said on Thursday that its lawyers would respond “in due course.”  “We reiterate that while we seek to cooperate, we must obey the law,” the bank said in an emailed statement. Investigations are underway in Washington into claims of collusion between Trump’s inner circle and Russia during his 2016 presidential campaign - which both the president and Moscow have denied. Public records show Deutsche Bank loaned Trump millions of dollars for real-estate ventures. As well as details about those transactions, the lawmakers are seeking information about a Russian “mirror trading” scheme that allowed $10 billion to flow out of Russia. In January, Deutsche Bank agreed to pay $630 million in fines over the scheme, which could have been used to launder money out of Russia. In the letter, dated Wednesday, Maxine Waters, ranking Democrat on the House of Representatives Financial Services Committee, and four peers reiterated requests for information and gave Deutsche Bank until June 29 to respond. They first asked the bank in May to share what it might know about Trump’s real-estate business and whether the president had financial backing from Russia. Deutsche Bank’s Washington-based external counsel responded to that request earlier this month by saying it was barred from sharing information about Trump’s finances. “We hope that you will understand Deutsche Bank’s need to respect the boundaries that Congress and the courts have set in an effort to protect confidential information,” the bank’s law firm, Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld, wrote. A disclosure document posted on the U.S. Office of Government Ethics website last week showed liabilities for Trump of at least $130 million to Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas[DBKGK.UL], suggesting the German bank is one of Trump’s biggest lenders. They included one exceeding $50 million for the Old Post Office, a historic Washington property where Trump has opened a hotel. The Democrats do not have the power to compel Deutsche Bank to comply with their request. The Financial Services Committee has subpoena power but Republican committee members, who are in the majority, would have to cooperate. No Republicans signed any of the letters to Deutsche Bank. The Russian “mirror” trades involved, for example, buying Russian stocks in rubles for a client and selling the identical value of a security for dollars for a related customer. Deutsche Bank has provided the Democrats with copies of settlements regarding the trades. ",1
3075,Leading U.S. House Republican rejects tax cuts without reform,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The top Republican on tax policy in the House of Representatives rejected the possibility of cutting taxes without fundamental changes to the U.S. tax code on Thursday, as the main actors in the tax reform debate prepared to meet for a fourth time. With the window for tax reform narrowing, lobbyists and analysts say Congress could abandon comprehensive tax reform for simple tax cuts to reduce the U.S. corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 28 percent, well above the 15 percent advocated by President Donald Trump. But House Ways and Means Chairman Kevin Brady, one of six principals involved in closed-door efforts to agree on legislation, told CNBC that such a measure would not meet the Republican goals of bolstering economic growth and enhancing U.S. business competitiveness overseas.   “It’s not acceptable to me. I don’t think it’s acceptable to the House or anyone else, for that matter. Look, that won’t make us competitive,” Brady said. “Just doing low rates is a little like putting supercharged fuel in an old clunker of a tax car. There’s no question it’ll go faster. It can’t keep up with the newer models on the road,” he added. “We’ve got to go after a competitive design.”  Brady spoke as principals prepared to meet later on Thursday. Members of the group have vowed to make good this year on a top Republican campaign pledge to overhaul the U.S. tax system. But while the principals have met three times, the discussions have major issues to resolve. “How low we can get these rates; how do we stop businesses from continuing to leave the U.S.; and more importantly, how do we bring those supply chains back; how we deal with issues like full and unlimited expensing – those are still parts of this discussion,” Brady said.  Brady and House Speaker Paul Ryan are pushing for changes outlined in the “A Better Way” agenda released a year ago, including a border adjustment tax that would tax imports but exempt export revenues from federal tax. The measure could raise more than $1 trillion in revenue to help pay for tax cuts and effectively resolve the problem of corporations shifting profits overseas. But it is opposed by some industries and unpopular with Republicans in the House and Senate who fear it would raise consumer prices. ",1
3076,"Under fire in Washington, Trump back in campaign mode in Iowa","CEDAR RAPIDS, Iowa (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump, under siege in Washington, defended his record at a raucous political rally in Iowa on Wednesday, rejecting a Russia investigation as a witch hunt and saying he was succeeding against all odds, despite no major legislative achievements. “All we do is win, win, win,” he told a cheering crowd. His first tweet on Thursday morning praised the “special people” there. A feisty Trump spoke for more than an hour at a rally in Cedar Rapids that was similar to those he held during last year’s presidential campaign. It included protesters escorted out by police, Trump attacking the news media and supporters waving signs saying “Drain the Swamp” in Washington. Trump’s first trip to Iowa since taking office on Jan. 20 came against a backdrop of problems in Washington. His legislative agenda is struggling to gain traction, a federal investigation of alleged Russian meddling into the election and possible collusion with Trump’s campaign continues, and his approval rating is below 40 percent in most polls. But Trump touted job gains and an improving stock market as evidence that his economic policies are working, and he lauded his wealthy appointees such as his top economic adviser Gary Cohn, a former Goldman Sachs executive, and Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, a billionaire known for his investments in distressed industries. “In those particular positions, I just don’t want a poor person — does that make sense?” Trump said.     He also vowed he would eventually get funding for a border wall with Mexico, possibly with solar panels attached, despite congressional refusal thus far. “We’re thinking about building the wall as a solar wall,” he said. “Pretty good imagination, right? It’s my ideas.” Solar panels along the wall are among proposals that have been submitted by companies to the Department of Homeland Security, according to media reports. Buoyed by Republican victories in special congressional elections in Georgia and South Carolina on Tuesday, Trump blasted his opponents as “unbelievably nasty” and said cable news anchors appeared stunned by the Democratic losses. Unable to get Democrats to join Republicans in major legislative efforts, Trump said the wounding by a gunman last week of Republican Representative Steve Scalise in Alexandria, Virginia, had fostered a spirit of unity. But he did not sound optimistic about breaking through the partisan divide any time soon. Trump said he doubted he would have help from Democrats in getting major healthcare legislation through the U.S. Congress. He wants the Senate to join the House of Representatives in approving legislation soon to overhaul the signature domestic achievement of his Democratic predecessor, Barack Obama. “If we went and got the single greatest healthcare plan in the history of the world we would not get one Democrat vote because they’re obstructionists,” Trump said. Looking to foreign policy, Trump complained about the “bad hand” he had been dealt, such as North Korea’s nuclear program. His comments came days after American student Otto Warmbier died after returning in a coma from captivity in North Korea. On Tuesday, Trump had tweeted that he has basically given up on getting help from Chinese President Xi Jinping on North Korea after investing a lot of effort to coaxing Beijing to use its influence on Pyongyang. “I do like President Xi,” said Trump, who was with the new U.S. ambassador to China, former Iowa Governor Terry Branstad. “I do wish we would have a little more help on North Korea.” ",1
3077,"In high-level talks, U.S. asks China to do more to rein in North Korea","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States pressed China to exert more economic and diplomatic pressure on North Korea to help rein in its nuclear and missile programs during a round of high-level talks in Washington on Wednesday. The meeting of top U.S. and Chinese diplomats and defense chiefs was held a day after President Donald Trump said China’s efforts to use its leverage with Pyongyang had failed, raising fresh doubts about his administration’s strategy for countering the threat from North Korea. The death of American university student Otto Warmbier this week, after his release from 17 months of imprisonment in Pyongyang, has further complicated Trump’s approach to North Korea, his top national security challenge. “We reiterated to China that they have a diplomatic responsibility to exert much greater economic and diplomatic pressure on the regime if they want to prevent further escalation in the region,” U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson told reporters at a joint news conference with Defense Secretary Jim Mattis. Mattis vowed to “continue to take necessary measures to defend ourselves and our allies” against North Korea, which is working to develop a nuclear-tipped missile capable of hitting the United States. But with the long-standing option of pre-emptive military strikes seen as far too risky for now, Trump’s aides are stressing economic and diplomatic pressure. Tillerson said Trump would make a state visit to China this year, and Mattis said both sides agreed to expand military-to-military ties, signaling the new administration’s determination to continue efforts to improve relations between the world’s two largest economies, despite frustration over North Korea. North Korea topped the agenda at the newly established Diplomatic and Security Dialogue, which paired Tillerson and Mattis with Chinese State Councilor Yang Jiechi and General Fang Fenghui, chief of joint staff of the People’s Liberation Army. While the U.S. officials stressed agreement on the goal of North Korean denuclearization, the talks also dealt with China’s sweeping territorial claims in the South China Sea, with the Americans reaffirming opposition to Beijing’s militarization of islands it is building in the strategic waterway. Tillerson urged China to help crack down on illicit North Korean activities that fund its nuclear and missile programs, and said the Chinese had agreed their companies “should not do business” with sanctioned North Korean entities. Tillerson stressed the need to choke off funding sources including money laundering, labor export and computer hacking. “Countries around the world and in the U.N. Security Council are joining in this effort, and we hope China will do their part as well,” he said. China, North Korea’s main trading partner, has been accused of not fully enforcing existing U.N. sanctions on its neighbor, and has resisted some tougher measures. Washington has considered further “secondary sanctions” against Chinese banks and other firms doing business with North Korea. A Chinese foreign ministry spokesman said China did not exert “so-called economic or diplomatic pressure” in its interactions with other countries. “What we do is to develop friendly and cooperative relations on the basis of five principles of peaceful coexistence,” the  spokesman, Geng Shuang, told a regular briefing on Thursday. Trump has had high hopes for cooperation from China to exert influence over North Korea, leaning heavily on Chinese President Xi Jinping for his assistance. The two leaders met in Florida in April and Trump has  praised Xi for working on the issue, despite only modest steps so far by Beijing. At the same time, Trump has mostly held back on attacking Chinese trade practices, which he railed against during the presidential campaign. “While I greatly appreciate the efforts of President Xi & China to help with North Korea, it has not worked out. At least I know China tried!” Trump wrote on Twitter on Tuesday, a day after Warmbier died following his return from captivity in a coma. The tweet puzzled even Trump’s own aides. Asked whether Trump had lost faith in China’s ability to restrain North Korea, Mattis said the president’s view represented Americans’ “frustration” with Pyongyang’s provocations and after seeing “a young man go over there healthy, and with a minor act of mischief, come home dead, basically.” Later on Wednesday, Trump said in a speech in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, that the United States has a “great relationship with China and I really like President Xi.” The talks followed what a U.S. official said on Tuesday were new movements detected by U.S. spy satellites at North Korea’s nuclear test site. But it was unclear if Pyongyang was preparing for a sixth nuclear test. ",1
3078,Senate healthcare bill expected to cut back Medicaid expansion,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A healthcare bill being unveiled by U.S. Senate Republicans on Thursday is expected to roll back the Obamacare expansion of the Medicaid healthcare program for the poor and reshape subsidies to low-income people buying private insurance. Those subsidies are expected to be linked to recipients’ income, a “major improvement” from a healthcare overhaul bill passed in the House of Representatives that tied them solely to age, Republican Senator Susan Collins said on Wednesday. The Washington Post reported that the bill would also repeal most of the taxes that pay for the Affordable Care Act, popularly known as Obamacare, give states wider latitude to opt out of its regulations and eliminate federal funding for Planned Parenthood, a healthcare provider that offers abortion services.  The healthcare bill will be released to the Republican Senate Conference on Thursday morning and posted online, senators said. A vote could come as soon as next week, several senators said. Senate Republicans have been working behind closed doors for weeks on legislation aimed at repealing and replacing major portions of Obamacare, former Democratic President Barack Obama’s signature healthcare law. Obamacare extended insurance coverage to millions of Americans through both subsidized private insurance and an expansion of Medicaid. “There is an urgency to get this done because of the continued collapse of the Obama healthcare law,” Senator John Barrasso, a member of the Senate Republican leadership, told CNN. “People across the country are suffering pain and the pain is getting worse as insurance companies are pulling out.” Democrats accuse Republicans of sabotaging Obamacare, and say the Republican healthcare bill is aimed at cutting taxes for the wealthy. Democratic Senator Patty Murray of Washington said in a statement that leaked details of the bill indicated it was “every bit as devastating for families’ bank accounts and healthcare coverage as the disastrous bill that passed in the House.” President Donald Trump and fellow Republicans campaigned last year on a pledge to replace and repeal Obamacare, which they described as ineffective and government intrusion in a key sector of the economy.          Some Republican senators voiced concern on Wednesday about the rush to consider the major legislation as their party’s leaders prepare to unveil it. Republican Senator Ron Johnson of Wisconsin said he wanted to read the bill and discuss it with constituents before he votes. “I’d find it hard to believe we’ll have enough time,” he said, adding that if he did not get enough information, “I won’t be voting yes.” Democrats hoping to block the healthcare measure in the Republican-led Senate need at least two Republicans to defect. The Democrats have criticized the behind-the-scenes meetings, and blocked Senate committees on Wednesday from meeting for over two hours in protest.  Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, defending the closed-door sessions, has said all Senate Republicans have had a chance to participate in meetings on the bill, and that Democrats are not interested in overhauling Obamacare. Once the plan is unveiled, Senate Republicans will face a skeptical public that thinks the House version would be harmful for low-income Americans and people with pre-existing health conditions, according to a Reuters/Ipsos poll released on Wednesday.  Trump told a rally in Iowa on Wednesday night that he hoped the Senate would come up with a “really good” bill. “I’ve been talking about a plan with heart,” Trump said. He had privately called the House legislation “mean,” according to congressional sources. Several weeks of negotiations over the bill have been plagued by tensions between moderates and conservatives. Much of the battle has been over how quickly to phase out the Medicaid expansion that took place under Obamacare. Moderates favored a seven-year phase-out, but the Senate leadership proposed three years starting in 2020. There was also an argument over Medicaid’s growth rate going forward, with conservatives favoring lowering the growth rate in 2025. “That’s what we’re told it might be,” said Republican Senator Bill Cassidy of Louisiana.  Cassidy said senators had also been told the legislation would continue funding cost-sharing subsidies made available to help low-income Americans under Obamacare “for a couple of years.” Collins, a moderate Republican from Maine, said she wanted to read an assessment by the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office on its impact on cost and insurance coverage before making her decision.  “The first concern is how many people will lose coverage and what do the demographics of that group look like,” she said.  An estimated 23 million people could lose their healthcare under a similar plan narrowly passed last month by the Republican-controlled House, according to the CBO. ",1
3079,Trump's son-in-law launches Middle East peace effort,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump’s son-in-law and senior adviser, Jared Kushner, met Israeli and Palestinian leaders on Wednesday to try to revive long-fractured Middle East peacemaking that Washington acknowledged will take some time. Kushner, a 36-year-old real estate developer with little experience of international diplomacy or political negotiation, arrived in Israel on Wednesday morning and was due to spend barely 20 hours on the ground. Video showed him giving Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, a friend of Kushner’s father, a handshake and a hug as they prepared to sit down with the Israeli ambassador to Washington, the U.S. ambassador to Israel and other senior officials for preliminary discussions. “This is an opportunity to pursue our common goals of security, prosperity and peace,” Netanyahu said. “Jared, I welcome you here in that spirit. I know of your efforts, the president’s efforts, and I look forward to working with you to achieve these common goals.” Kushner replied: “The president sends his best regards and it’s an honor to be here with you.” Kushner did not speak to the media or take questions, maintaining the circumspect profile he has established since Trump took office in January. U.S. officials and Israeli leaders “underscored that forging peace will take time and stressed the importance of doing everything possible to create an environment conducive to peacemaking,” the White House later said in a statement. Kushner traveled to Ramallah, in the Israeli-occupied West Bank, for two hours of talks with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas after iftar, the evening meal that breaks the daily Ramadan fast. Abbas spokesman Nabil Abu Rdainah said all major issues at the heart of the conflict were discussed. U.S. officials called the trip part of an effort to keep the conversation going rather than the launching of a new phase in the peace process, saying that Kushner and Jason Greenblatt, the president’s special representative for international negotiations, are likely to return often. Trump has described peace between the Israelis and the Palestinians as “the ultimate deal” and made it a priority. As well as receiving both Netanyahu and Abbas in the White House, he visited the region last month. But it remains unclear what approach Trump, via Kushner and Greenblatt, plans to take on resolving one of the world’s most intractable conflicts.  For at least two decades, the goal of U.S.-led diplomacy has been a “two-state solution”, meaning an independent Palestinian state living side-by-side and at peace with Israel. But when Trump met Netanyahu in Washington in February, he said he was not fixed on two states saying, “I’m looking at two-state and one-state, and I like the one that both parties like”. Netanyahu has in the past given conditional backing to two states. But ahead of his last election victory in 2015, he promised there would never be a Palestinian state on his watch, a remark seen as an attempt to shore up right-wing support. In discussions with Greenblatt before Kushner’s visit, Palestinian sources said the phrase “two-state solution” had not been used. Palestinian sources said that ahead of Kushner’s meeting with Abbas, they had been asked to draw up a list of 12 “bullet point” demands they would want met in any negotiations.  They saw it as a helpful exercise in focusing on core elements rather than an oversimplification of a complex issue. Trump administration officials have said that if they are going to make progress on peace, they do not want to get bogged down in process but to move rapidly on tackling what are known as “final status” issues, the complexities around Jerusalem, Palestinian refugees, water resources, security and borders. Those have long been thorny problems in the multiple rounds of peace negotiations launched by both Republican and Democratic presidents since the mid-1990s. It remains unclear what new approach Trump’s administration may have to untangling disputes that blend politics, land, religion and ethnicity and have defied resolution for 70 years. ",1
3080,Democrats look to future after dispiriting loss in Georgia election,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Frustrated Democrats pondered the party’s future and questioned its campaign messaging on Wednesday after a demoralizing defeat in a Georgia congressional race widely seen as a referendum on President Donald Trump’s young administration. In the most expensive congressional election in U.S. history, Republican Karen Handel, a former Georgia secretary of state, defeated political newcomer Democrat Jon Ossoff by 4 percentage points on Tuesday in a suburban Atlanta district that Republicans have held since the 1970s. The special election, to fill the seat vacated by Tom Price after Trump appointed him health and human services secretary, did not change the balance of power in Washington where Republicans control the White House and both chambers of Congress. But it was a demoralizing blow to Democrats hoping Georgia would be a breakthrough for a party trying to harvest electoral victories from the grassroots anti-Trump activism seen in marches on Washington and boisterous crowds at town hall meetings around the country. The district was seen as within reach to Democrats because Trump won there last November by only 1 percentage point. Democrats also lost a special election in South Carolina on Tuesday in a race Republicans were widely expected to win. Democrats lost two other contested special elections earlier this year for Republican-held seats in conservative Kansas and Montana. That makes the party 0-for-4 in this year’s races for Republican-held congressional seats. “Ossoff race better be a wake up call for Democrats - business as usual isn’t working,” tweeted Representative Seth Moulton of Massachusetts. “We need a genuinely new message, a serious jobs plan that reaches all Americans, and a bigger tent.” Several prominent Democrats said the party needed to rethink its approach heading into next year’s congressional elections, when Democrats need to pick up 24 seats to regain control of the House of Representatives. Senator Chris Murphy of Connecticut told MSNBC that Democrats needed to focus on economic growth and “get back to being a big tent party.” The outcome also raised questions about the future of House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi. Republican groups spent millions on television ads linking Ossoff to Pelosi, portraying him as a captive of the party’s liberal wing despite Ossoff’s efforts to present a more moderate image. In South Carolina, Charleston attorney and Democratic political newcomer Joe Cunningham said on Wednesday he would seek the House seat now held by Republican Mark Sanford, but that if elected he would not back Pelosi as the Democratic leader. “The Democratic Party needs new leadership now,” Cunningham tweeted.  The road to a Democratic House majority runs through dozens of districts similar to the affluent, well-educated northern suburbs of Atlanta where Ossoff was defeated, and the outcome there is likely to reassure Republicans already nervous about their chances of holding control under Trump next year. The win in Georgia also could strengthen the political will of Republicans in Congress evaluating their next steps on a tax package and what opinion polls show is a deeply unpopular replacement of President Barack Obama’s signature healthcare law. Trump was quick to celebrate the Georgia win and accused Democrats of standing in the way of a legislative agenda bogged down by infighting and investigations into whether his campaign colluded with Russia in last year’s presidential election. At a rally in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, on Wednesday night, Trump said: “If Karen Handel had lost, they would have blamed it on me.” “And don’t forget, this happened in Montana, in Kansas,” he added. “They don’t get it. They haven’t figured it out yet. You know they’re still trying to figure where all those voters came from,” he said of Democrats.  Despite the string of losses in special elections, some Democrats said there were reasons to be encouraged. In all four states, Democrats bolstered their historical performance in districts they lost by double-digit margins last year. The unpopularity of Trump and the Republican healthcare bill - along with the historic trend that the party holding the White House loses seats in midterm elections - gives Democrats hope for capturing the House in 2018. Democrats have a target-rich environment next year, starting with 23 Republican-held districts where Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton won a majority of the vote. ",1
3081,"White House aims to speed U.S. drone, wireless technologies","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House is bringing together drone makers, wireless companies and venture capitalists on Thursday to look at ways government can help speed new technologies to the marketplace. President Donald Trump will meet with the chief executives of General Electric Co, Honeywell International Inc and AT&T Inc AT&T Inc, major drone industry firms and venture capitalists in the latest effort by the White House to focus on innovative technologies as a way of spurring job growth. Michael Kratsios, the White House’s deputy chief technology officer, told reporters the goal of the sessions is to find ways the United States “can maintain its leadership creating and fostering entirely new technologies that will drive our economic growth.” The chief executives of several unmanned aerial system, or drone, companies including Kespry Inc, AirMap, Airspace Inc, Measure UAS Inc, Trumbull Unmanned, and PrecisionHawk Inc are attending the White House sessions. Senior executives at Xcel Energy Inc, Verizon Communications Inc and CenturyLink Inc are also taking part as are venture capital firms including AOL co-founder Steve Case who heads Revolution LLC, 500 Startups, Cayuga Ventures, Epic Ventures and Lightspeed Ventures. The administration wants to promote the development and commercialization of emerging technologies and speed the development of unmanned aerial vehicles or drones and 5G wireless technology, Kratsios said. The Obama administration implemented rules that opened the skies to low-level small drones for education, research and routine commercial use. The Trump administration is considering whether to expand drone use for purposes such as deliveries where aircraft would fly beyond the sight of an operator. Security issues would need to be resolved. The FAA in March estimated that by 2021 the fleet of small hobbyist drones will more than triple and the commercial drone fleet will increase tenfold to about 442,000.  Last year, the FCC cleared the way for 5G, a lightning-fast next generation of wireless services. Testing is under way and deployment is expected around 2020. New 5G networks are expected to provide speeds at least 10 times and maybe 100 times faster than today’s 4G networks. The next generation of wireless signals needs to be much faster and far more responsive to allow advanced technologies such as virtual surgery or controlling machines remotely, regulators say. The networks could help wirelessly connect devices such as thermostats or washing machines to facilitate the internet of things. ",1
3082,White House pressures State Department over refugee costs: sources,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Two studies that President Donald Trump hopes will buttress his case to cut the number of refugees are at the heart of a fight between senior White House adviser Stephen Miller and career U.S. government officials over immigration policy, four current and former officials said.     Trump in March ordered the U.S. State Department and other agencies to tally only the costs of resettling refugees but not the benefits that policy experts said refugees can also bring, including tax revenues, professional skills and job creation. A current official said Miller had convened meetings with State Department staffers to discuss the refugee cost reports. When department specialists proposed including refugees’ economic contributions in the studies to produce a more balanced assessment, Miller rebuffed the idea, one current and one former U.S. official said. The White House said Miller did not hold meetings on the specific subject of the cost reports and that Trump’s overall fiscal year 2018 budget proposal sought to “make transparent the net budgetary effects of immigration programs and policy.” The current and former officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said they believe, however, that the administration wants to help make a case to restrict refugee flows by creating a skewed analysis. “It’s a policy outcome in search of a rationale,” said a former U.S. official familiar with the debate. The White House disputed the notion that Miller was seeking to tailor the outcome of the reports, which are to be compiled mainly by the State Department’s Bureau of Population, Refugees and Migration (PRM).  “The idea that we are ordering biased reports is false,” said Michael Short, a White House spokesman. The tensions over the reports, due in September, have not been previously reported. Miller has a history of backing curbs on immigration. He  was the architect of Trump’s order in January suspending the refugee program for 120 days and refugees from Syria indefinitely. That order, which also temporarily barred travelers from seven Muslim-majority countries, was largely blocked by the courts, as was a second executive order. Miller was not available for an interview. R.C. Hammond, a senior adviser to Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, said a department staffer who attended budget meetings recalled Miller “suggesting the State Department review the methodology and findings of existing studies” on refugees. “Essentially, suggesting we learn how others have examined the issue and see if there is anything we can learn,” Hammond said in an email. “My colleague did not take away the sense that any instructions were given to include or not include certain information.” Hammond he did not identify the State Department staffer. Tensions in the government over Trump’s immigration policies began with Trump’s executive order, which prompted about 900 State Department employees to sign an internal memo dissenting against it in January. Weeks later, the right-wing Breitbart website, which has close ties to the White House, published a story calling for the firing - among others - of the two top officials in the Department of Health and Human Services’ Office of Refugee Resettlement and three senior officials at the PRM bureau. Breitbart listed the officials by name, but it did not mention the reports on refugee costs. Career officials cannot be fired, but can be reassigned. There is no evidence the five have been reassigned. Trump promised a hardline immigration policy during his 2016 presidential campaign. He called at one point for a complete ban on Muslims entering the United States, citing security reasons amid a series of attacks worldwide by Islamist militants. For the first report, Trump ordered a tally of “the estimated long-term costs of the United States Refugee Admissions Program at the Federal, State, and local levels, along with recommendations about how to curtail those costs.” Trump directed that the second report estimate “how many refugees are being supported in countries of first asylum (near their home countries) for the same long-term cost as supporting refugees in the United States, taking into account the full lifetime cost of Federal, State, and local benefits, and the comparable cost of providing similar benefits elsewhere.” Refugee policy experts said that while more refugees can be supported in third-country camps for a given sum than settled in the United States, that support does not provide a permanent solution as resettlement can. Most studies show that refugees entering the United States require more government services than immigrants as a whole. But scholars differ over the long-term economic impact of accepting refugees, which can depress low-skilled workers’ wages and require all workers to help pay for social services that refugees receive. During their first eight years in the United States, refugees receive more in benefits than they pay in taxes, a study published this month by the nonprofit National Bureau for Economic Research said. “After the eighth year, taxes paid tend to be greater than the benefits received,” by an average of $21,000 over a 20-year period, the study found. Jessica Vaughan of the Center for Immigration Studies, which favors limiting immigration, agreed that accountings such as those Trump ordered should not be limited to costs.  “It’s only fair to consider any fiscal benefits,” she said. The four current and former U.S. officials said the high-level White House focus on the reports has sent a clear signal about the outcome Trump wants. “When the White House calls and expresses interest...in a report of this nature, given all the things that the national security council and people around the president have to worry about, that sends an enormously profound signal to the bureaucracy,” one of the former officials said. ",1
3083,Trump says 'we have a great relationship with China' after critical tweet,"CEDAR RAPIDS, Iowa (Reuters) - President Donald Trump on Wednesday said the United States had a “great relationship with China” as he stood beside former Iowa Governor Terry Branstad, the new U.S. ambassador to Beijing. “We have a great relationship with China and I really like President Xi,” Trump said in a speech at an Iowa community college. The comment came a day after Trump said Chinese efforts to persuade North Korea to rein in its weapons programs had failed. ",1
3084,Most Americans say Republican healthcare plan will be harmful: Reuters/Ipsos poll,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - When U.S. Senate Republicans unveil their plan to overhaul America’s healthcare system, they will face a skeptical public that already does not buy the justification for an earlier version that passed the House of Representatives, according to a Reuters/Ipsos poll released on Wednesday.   The June 9-13 poll shows that a majority of the country thinks the American Health Care Act would be harmful for low-income Americans, people with pre-existing health conditions and Medicaid recipients.  Overall, 41 percent of American adults oppose the House plan, while 30 percent support it. Another 29 percent said they “don’t know,” according to the poll.  “It’ll make people’s deductibles skyrocket” said Shannon Sowards, 39, of Memphis, Tennessee, a Trump supporter who took the poll. “So I’m not for this healthcare act. I’m for insurance for everyone.” The Senate is expected to release its full plan on Thursday. (Click here to view the poll's topline results: tmsnrt.rs/2sqhmM3) The gap between what Republicans say their plan will do and what people think it will do further complicates matters for Senate Republicans, who already have been criticized for drafting their bill in secret. “It would be great if a politican had the nerve to be brutally honest” and tell people that healthcare costs are going up, said Joseph Antos, a healthcare expert at the American Enterprise Institute, a conservative think tank. “None of them seem to.” For years, Republicans have promised voters they would replace Democratic former President Barack Obama’s healthcare law, which they say is too costly and intrusive. When House Republicans pitched their health plan earlier this year, U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan boasted that it would lower premiums, protect people with pre-existing conditions and improve public “access” to high-quality, low-cost healthcare. U.S. Representative Tom MacArthur of New Jersey, who helped shape the House bill, said it “would make coverage of pre-existing conditions sacrosanct for all Americans.” The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office, however, presented a different view of the bill. It estimated that under the House plan 23 million people would lose their health coverage by 2026 in an effort to cut the federal deficit. According to the poll, nearly 60 percent of adults said they thought it would make insurance more expensive for low-income Americans and people with pre-existing conditions. Fifty-seven percent said it would make Medicaid less available, and 69 percent said it would cut federal money for Planned Parenthood. Thirteen percent felt that the House plan would improve the quality of their healthcare, and 9 percent said it would make their healthcare cheaper. About 28 percent of Americans said they would be “less likely” to support their congressional representative if he or she supported the House plan. Another 16 percent said they would be “more likely” to support their representative and 33 percent said it would make “no difference.” Republican respondents were more supportive of the House plan than others. And even those Republicans who did not like the House plan said that it is probably an improvement over the current healthcare system. “It’s not going to change my political views” said Barb Huntington, 64, of Murrells Inlet, South Carolina, a Trump supporter who took the poll.  Huntington, who buys health insurance through her state’s Obamacare exchange, said her premiums went up by $25 per month this year. Huntington said she would not be surprised if they keep going up no matter what the Republicans do. “It’s going to be like that every year, and we’ll be lucky to have what we have,” she said. The Reuters/Ipsos poll was conducted online in English across the United States. It gathered responses from 1,492 adults, including 671 Democrats and 501 Republicans. It has a credibility interval, a measure of accuracy, of 3 percentage points for the entire group, 4 percentage points for Democrats and 5 percentage points for Republicans. (Click here for the survey questions and methodology: tmsnrt.rs/2tty3EI) ",1
3085,"Russians targeted 21 election systems, U.S. official says","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Russian hackers targeted 21 U.S. state election systems in the 2016 presidential race and a small number were breached but  there was no evidence any votes were manipulated, a Homeland Security Department official told Congress on Wednesday. Jeanette Manfra, the department’s acting deputy undersecretary of cyber security, testified before the Senate Intelligence Committee. U.S. intelligence agencies have concluded the Kremlin orchestrated a wide-ranging influence operation that included email hacking and online propaganda to discredit Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton and help Donald Trump, a Republican, win the White House in November. The Russia issue has cast a shadow over Trump’s first five months in office. The extent of interference by Russian hackers, and whether they or others could interfere in future elections, has been the source of speculation and media reports for months. Russia has repeatedly denied responsibility for any cyber attacks during the election. Trump has variously said Russia may or may not have been responsible for hacking but has dismissed allegations his associates colluded with Moscow as “fake news.” Manfra and other officials testifying on Wednesday said U.S. elections are resilient to hacking in part because they are decentralized and largely operated on the state and local level. Senator Angus King, an independent from Maine who caucuses with the Democrats, voiced skepticism, saying only a small number of votes in key battleground states would need to be altered to tip the scales in an election. “A sophisticated actor could hack an election simply by focusing on certain counties,” King said. “I don’t think it works just to say it’s a big system and diversity will protect us.” Mark Warner, the top Democrat on the Senate panel, expressed frustration at Manfra’s refusal to identify which states had been targeted. Arizona and Illinois last year confirmed that hackers had targeted their voter registration systems. Samuel Liles, another senior DHS cyber official, likened states targeted or scanned to a thief walking by homes to scout for weaknesses, and breaches to breaking through a front door. Special Counsel Robert Mueller, a former FBI director, met on Wednesday with senior Senate Judiciary Committee members to ensure there was no conflict between his investigation of potential collusion between Russia and the Trump campaign and the panel’s probe of what led to Trump firing Federal Bureau of Investigation Director James Comey. Trump acknowledged on Friday he was under investigation in the probe of alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 race and possible collusion by his campaign, and seemed to assail the Justice Department official overseeing the inquiry. Mueller was examining whether Trump or others sought to obstruct the probe, a person familiar with the inquiry told Reuters. Jeh Johnson, who led the Homeland Security Department until the end of the Obama administration, told the U.S. House of Representatives Intelligence Committee his department had issued warnings about hacking into voter registration databases. Asked why the Obama administration did not do more to warn the public, Johnson said: “We were very concerned that we would not be perceived as taking sides in the election, injecting ourselves into a very heated campaign.” He told the House committee, which is investigating alleged Russian meddling in the election, that the notices did not get the attention he would have liked, blaming the emergence of a 2005 videotape - in which Trump brags about sexual conquests - for distracting the American public. ",1
3086,Bill proposes letting U.S. lawmakers carry guns anywhere except Capitol,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Warning that members of Congress have a “bull’s eye on our backs,” a U.S. lawmaker said on Wednesday he had introduced a bill to make it legal for senators and representatives to carry guns anywhere in the country, except the U.S. Capitol building. Representative Jody Hice of Georgia said his proposal was an important step to ensure the personal safety of lawmakers “in light of recent events,” an apparent reference to an attack last week in which a gunman opened fire on Republican members of Congress practicing for a charity baseball game. “Personal protection and being able to defend oneself against an assailant is part of the fabric of our Constitution, which is why I am an ardent believer in the Second Amendment,” Hice said in a statement, referring to U.S. legal guarantees of the right to keep and bear arms. “While members of Congress are all average Americans, it is clear that we also have a bull’s eye on our backs,” Hice added. “In light of recent events, it’s incredibly important that congressmen and women maintain the ability to provide for their own safety, regardless of the city or state.” Hice said he introduced the measure on Tuesday, less than a week after a gunman opened fire on Republican lawmakers at the baseball practice in Alexandria, Virginia, a Washington suburb. U.S. Representative Steve Scalise, the No. 3 Republican in the House of Representatives, was wounded in the attack, along with a Republican aide, a lobbyist and a Capitol Police officer in Scalise’s security detail.  The gunman, a former volunteer campaign worker for Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders who was said to be angry with Republicans, was killed in a gunbattle with police. Scalise underwent several surgeries to treat internal injuries caused by a wound to the hip. His condition was upgraded to “fair” on Wednesday. ",1
3087,Republicans propose bill to privatize U.S. air traffic control,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The chairman of the U.S. House of Representatives’ Transportation Committee on Wednesday proposed legislation to privatize the U.S. air traffic control system and make other aviation changes, but it faces an uncertain future in Congress. The panel plans to consider the bill next Tuesday, and the full House will vote in mid-July, said the committee’s Republican chairman, Representative Bill Shuster. “This is about saving the taxpayers’ money,” Shuster told reporters on Wednesday. “Maintaining the status quo is unacceptable.” The legislation would make it illegal for an airline to bump an already boarded passenger from a flight. In April, a United Airlines passenger was forcibly removed from his seat, prompting public outrage. The airline banned the practice.	 The bill would also require the U.S. Transportation Department to clarify regulations for compensating passengers, including that there is no maximum compensation, and would legally bar the use of cellphones and other mobile devices for phone calls during flights. No airline currently allows in-flight calls from personal phones. In April, the Federal Communications Commission said it planned to halt a regulatory process that could have led to in-flight calls on airplanes. The legislation also requires large and medium-sized airports to provide clean private rooms in all terminals for nursing mothers.  Airlines would have to post a prominent link on their website on services offered in the event of a widespread computer outage. Many airlines have been hit by computer system outages over the last year. The most controversial proposal is the privatization of air traffic control. Earlier this month, President Donald Trump unveiled a plan to modernize air traffic control and lower flying costs. Under the proposal, air traffic control would be spun off from the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) and put under the oversight of a nonprofit corporation. Congressman Shuster said airlines would have three seats on the 13-member board: one for major airlines, one for cargo carriers and one for regional airlines. The Trump administration has proposed giving airlines two seats on the board, while Shuster last year proposed giving airlines four seats. Shuster aims to address concerns among private plane owners and rural airports by barring the new air traffic control entity from charging general aviation operators user fees.  Critics say the plan would hand control of a key asset to special interests and big airlines. A coalition of five general aviation groups said in a statement on Wednesday that they would not support the bill, saying it was “fundamentally flawed.” The Airline Owners and Pilots Association said the bill has a “high potential for unintended consequences as well as increased costs and uncertainty.” Shuster’s bill would reauthorize the FAA for six years and also has provisions to speed up a decision by the Transportation Department on whether to allow expanded commercial drone use. The Transportation Department would also have to consider whether to require airlines to stock emergency medicine for children aboard flights. The legislation would also authorize significantly higher funding for a program that subsidizes commercial air service to rural airports, which the Trump administration budget proposed eliminating. The Senate Commerce Committee’s chairman, Senator John Thune, said on Tuesday that he was not planning to include air traffic control privatization in the FAA reauthorization, a committee aide said. The administration and Shuster say they would not charge the private entity for the government’s air traffic control assets and would bar Congress from reviewing fees charged by the board. Executives from United, Hawaiian Airlines Inc, American Airlines Inc and Southwest Airlines Co, strongly back the proposal. The FAA spends nearly $10 billion a year on air traffic control funded largely through passenger user fees, and has spent more than $7.5 billion on next-generation air traffic control reforms in recent years. It is unclear whether privatization would speed the rollout of new systems such as satellite-based aircraft tracking that replaces ground radar dating back to World War Two. ",1
3088,Draft Senate healthcare bill would link subsidies to income: Washington Post,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Senate Republicans would repeal most of the taxes that pay for Obamacare, roll back expanded Medicaid coverage under the healthcare law approved in 2010, reshape its subsidies, give states wider latitude to opt out of its regulations and eliminate federal funding for Planned Parenthood, under a draft bill reported by the Washington Post on Wednesday. The Senate legislation would link federal insurance subsidies to income, a change from a House-passed bill that tied them to age, the Post reported. The Senate bill also cuts off Obamacare’s Medicaid expansion more gradually than the House legislation, which passed on May 4, and it removes language restricting federally subsidized health plans from covering abortions, the newspaper said. ",1
3089,"After pointed criticism, Tillerson urges Gulf demands be sent to Qatar","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States hopes Arab countries involved in a diplomatic split with Qatar will soon present Doha a list of “reasonable and actionable” demands to move the crisis toward a resolution, U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Wednesday. Tillerson’s comments came in a short statement a day after the State Department bluntly questioned the motives of Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates in announcing their boycott of Qatar on June 5, saying it was “mystified” the Gulf states had not released their grievances. It was Washington’s strongest language yet on a dispute that erupted after the UAE, Saudi Arabia, Bahrain and Egypt cut diplomatic ties and transport links to isolate Qatar. The Arab countries accuse Qatar of funding terrorism, fomenting regional instability or cosying up to their enemy Iran. Qatar has denied the accusations. “We understand a list of demands has been prepared and coordinated by the Saudis, Emiratis, Egyptians and Bahrainis,” the Tillerson statement said. “We hope the list ... will soon be presented to Qatar and will be reasonable and actionable.” Tillerson also said the United States backs a Kuwaiti mediation effort aimed at resolving the crisis. Asked about the Qatar issue at a later news conference, Tillerson said the United States wanted to achieve unity among the Gulf Cooperation Council countries so that they can focus on the fight against Islamic State militants across the region. “Our role has been to encourage the parties to get their issues on the table, clearly articulated, so that those issues can be addressed and some resolution process can get under way to bring this to a conclusion,” Tillerson said. Qatar hosts a vital U.S. military base, Al Udeid, to which more than 11,000 U.S. and coalition forces are deployed or assigned and from which more than 100 aircraft operate. U.S. President Donald Trump has taken a tough stance on Qatar, accusing it of being a “high level” sponsor of terrorism, but he has also offered help to the parties in the dispute to resolve their differences. ",1
3090,Moscow cancels meeting with U.S. diplomat after sanctions,"MOSCOW/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Angered by expanded U.S. sanctions, Russia on Wednesday canceled a high-level meeting between Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov and U.S. Undersecretary of State Thomas Shannon. The move cast some uncertainty over plans for the first face-to-face meeting between U.S. President Donald Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin on the sidelines of the upcoming G20 summit on July 7-8 in Hamburg, Germany. With two weeks to go, a senior White House official said no plans for a bilateral meeting had been finalized. “Nothing has been canceled because nothing has been set,” the official said. Moscow said it was obliged to cancel the diplomatic meeting after the U.S. government on Tuesday added 38 individuals and organizations to its list of those sanctioned over Russian activities in Ukraine.  The new U.S. sanctions were “a continuation of the trend set by the Obama administration aimed at ruining relations between our countries”, Ryabkov said in a statement posted on the website of Russia’s Foreign Ministry. U.S.-Russian relations have already been strained by allegations that Moscow interfered in the U.S. presidential election last year and Trump’s first five months in office have been dogged by a controversy over whether his campaign team colluded with Russia. Trump has said he wants to explore whether Washington and Moscow can work together on issues of mutual concern, such as fighting Islamic State insurgents in Syria. But tensions between the two nations have escalated. On Sunday, the U.S. military shot down a Syrian military jet. That prompted Russia to change its military posture. The Kremlin said the expanded U.S. sanctions undermined Washington’s assertions it wanted dialogue with Moscow, calling the new sanctions a “political gift” to Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko, who visited Trump at the White House on Tuesday. The U.S. State Department said it regretted the Russian cancellation, but remained open to future discussions to try to bridge bilateral differences. The new sanctions only reinforced existing sanctions, which have been updated twice a year since they were first imposed, the department said. “Let’s remember that these sanctions didn’t just come out of nowhere. Our targeted sanctions were imposed in response to Russia’s ongoing violation of the sovereignty and territorial integrity of its neighbor, Ukraine,” State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said in a statement. The Kremlin said earlier on Wednesday that Russian forces were not present in eastern Ukraine, which is controlled by pro-Russian separatists.  The United States and the European Union have imposed several rounds of sanctions on Russian companies and individuals in response to Russia’s role in the Ukraine conflict. Lawmakers in the U.S. Senate last week also backed additional sanctions to punish Russia for alleged meddling in the 2016 U.S. election, its annexation of Ukraine’s Crimea region, and support for Syria’s government in the six-year-long civil war. Ryabkov was meant to be meeting Shannon in St Petersburg on Friday to discuss “problems in bilateral ties”. But Ryabkov, in the same statement on Wednesday, accused the United States of failing to propose anything tangible to improve relations. He said: “Previous multiple waves of American sanctions haven’t achieved the result which their initiators had hoped for. Any new attempts to make Russia ‘bow down’ will be just as futile.” ",1
3091,"Tillerson says U.S., China call on North Korea to stop nuclear weapons program","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said after talks with top Chinese diplomats and defense chiefs on Wednesday that both sides call on North Korea to “halt its illegal nuclear weapons program and its ballistic missile tests.” “We reiterated to China that they have a diplomatic responsibility to exert much greater economic and diplomatic pressure on the regime if they want to prevent further escalation in the region,” Tillerson told reporters. ",1
3092,Republicans mull inviting Democrats into U.S. budget negotiations,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republicans in the U.S. Congress, unable so far to resolve deep disagreements over spending for the fiscal year starting on Oct. 1, are mulling whether to seek a bipartisan budget deal with Democrats similar to one reached nearly four years ago. With only 20 working days to go before a lengthy August recess, some Republican lawmakers say a bipartisan agreement could help clear a legislative schedule crammed with other top priorities, including a separate budget resolution, tax reform, infrastructure and an increase in the federal debt limit. In December 2013, Republican Representative Paul Ryan, now speaker of the House of Representatives, and Democratic Senator Patty Murray worked out a two-year deal that canceled some spending cuts in fiscal 2014 and 2015 in return for some longer-term spending reductions. The Ryan-Murray agreement was promptly enacted into law. A bipartisan deal could avert a restrictive spending plan that would cap funding for U.S. agencies and a government shutdown threatened by President Donald Trump. “I think what we need is another Ryan-Murray sort of proposal,” said Republican Representative Mike Simpson, a senior member of the House of Representatives’ Appropriations Committee, which is in charge of writing annual spending bills. Speaking to reporters after a House Republican meeting, Simpson said the idea was in the early stages. Republicans, who control the House and Senate, have lashed out at deep spending cuts that Trump has proposed. But they are divided over how much top-line spending should be appropriated next year, including for a military buildup Trump wants. A bipartisan negotiation is just one of several options. Another would rush one massive spending bill for fiscal 2018 through the House in July, instead of the dozen separate appropriations bills that Congress tries to write every year. Doing so would allow Republicans to tout an accomplishment to their constituents in August during a year that has so far seen few legislative achievements. Given the limited time to write such a bill, Ryan might have to resort to just passing a “national security” spending bill that would fund the military and other security activities. Some Republicans want to boost military spending to $640 billion, which would require deep cuts to non-defense programs that are popular among Republican moderates.   Congress must also pass a budget resolution to facilitate tax reform legislation. The House Budget Committee hopes to mark up such a measure before June 30, panel members said. ",1
3093,"After weeks of secrecy, Senate to unveil healthcare bill","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Republicans plan to unveil the text of their draft healthcare bill on Thursday as senators struggle over issues such as the future of the Medicaid program for the poor and bringing down insurance costs. Republicans in the chamber have been working for weeks behind closed doors on legislation aimed at repealing and replacing major portions of the Affordable Care Act, former Democratic President Barack Obama’s signature healthcare law, popularly known as Obamacare. The effort has been plagued from the start by tensions between moderates and conservatives, which surfaced again on Tuesday. Democrats have also criticized the behind-the-scenes meetings, staging a protest on the Senate floor on Monday. “Republicans are writing their healthcare bill under the cover of darkness because they are ashamed of it,” Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer charged.  President Donald Trump campaigned on a promise to repeal Obamacare. The 2010 law extended insurance coverage to millions of Americans through both subsidized private insurance and an expansion of Medicaid. The Republican-controlled House of Representatives narrowly approved its version of repeal last month. Trump has urged the Republican-led Senate to pass a more “generous” bill than that approved by the House, whose version he privately called “mean,” according to congressional sources. An estimated 23 million people could lose their healthcare under the House plan, according to the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said on Tuesday the Senate healthcare bill would be different from the House version, but he did not elaborate. In the Senate, moderates including Senator Shelley Moore Capito have argued for a long, seven-year phase-out to the Medicaid expansion that happened under Obamacare. But Senator John Thune, a member of the Republican leadership, said on Tuesday the phase-out in the bill might just be three years. Capito said on Tuesday she was also concerned the Senate healthcare plan might cap Medicaid spending and shift it to a lower growth rate in 2025. “That’s an issue,” she said. Senate conservatives also seemed wary of the emerging bill. Ted Cruz, a member of a core group of 13 Republicans who have been working on the legislation, told reporters the bill did not yet do enough to lower health insurance premiums. “If it is going to pass, the bill is going to have to make meaningful steps to reduce premiums,” he said. Given the opposition of all Senate Democrats to repealing Obamacare, Republican leaders will need the support of at least 50 of the chamber’s 52 Republicans to ensure passage. McConnell announced a discussion draft would be laid out on Thursday. The bill will be brought to the Senate floor once the CBO has assessed its cost and impact, “likely next week,” McConnell said. Thune said the bill was not yet finalized, saying: “We’re trying to get definitive determinations” on a range of issues. Vice President Mike Pence predicted that new healthcare legislation would be enacted this summer. “I want to assure you, before this summer is over ... President Donald Trump and this Congress will keep their promise to the American people, and we will repeal and replace Obamacare,” Pence told a meeting of the National Association of Manufacturers. ",1
3094,Senate to release health bill at 0930 EDT Thursday: senators,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Senate Republicans plan to release their version of health care reform legislation at 9:30 a.m. (1330 GMT) on Thursday, two senators said.  The bill will be released to the Republican conference and posted online at about the same time, Republican Senators John Barrasso and Bob Corker said on Wednesday. ",1
3095,Democratic lawmakers raise pressure on EPA over Icahn's biofuels role,"(Reuters) - U.S. Democratic lawmakers asked Environmental Protection Agency head Scott Pruitt on Wednesday to disclose procedures to prevent billionaire Carl Icahn from influencing U.S. biofuels policy for personal gain. The letter is the latest in a string of missives from Democrats concerned about Icahn’s dual role as a special adviser to President Donald Trump on regulation and as a major investor in heavily regulated industries.  Icahn has an 82 percent stake in oil refiner CVR Energy Inc (CVI.N). He has also recommended the White House change the biofuels program that would reduce costs to CVR and other refining companies.  “Recent reports about Mr. Icahn’s actions with respect to the Renewable Fuel Standard (RFS) program have raised significant ethical and legal concerns given his oil refinery business interests,” the letter read. Signing the letter were Reps. Frank Pallone of New Jersey, the ranking member of the Energy and Commerce Committee; Bobby Rush of Illinois; Diana DeGette of Colorado; Paul Tonko of New York; and John Sarbanes of Maryland. They called on Pruitt to respond by the end of the month with details about procedures in place at EPA to prevent Icahn from influencing policy for personal gain. The agency runs the Renewable Fuel Standard program, a regulation requiring increasing amounts of biofuels in the nation’s gasoline.  Earlier this month, five Democratic senators had also asked the EPA to hand over documents relating to Icahn’s role in shaping biofuels policy at the agency. And in May, eight Democratic senators asked U.S. regulators to investigate Icahn’s biofuels activities. The U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission responded that it was not investigating but would help the EPA with any probe that it was conducting. [L1N1J21PC] An official at the EPA Office of Inspector General declined to comment on whether an inquiry was under way. Icahn was named as an unpaid special adviser to Trump in December. In February, he proposed shifting the responsibility for blending biofuels to fuel dealers from refiners.  Icahn has said the proposal is not self-dealing because it would benefit many refining companies, not just CVR. White House officials have said the EPA is considering the proposal. ",1
3096,Trump lawyers make final Supreme Court pitch on travel ban,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Trump administration on Wednesday made its final plea to the U.S. Supreme Court to allow its proposed ban on travelers from six Muslim-majority countries to go into effect as the justices weigh how to handle the hotly contested dispute. The court papers filed by President Donald Trump’s administration complete the briefing on the government’s emergency application asking the justices to block lower court injunctions in favor of challengers to the ban. The Supreme Court could now act at any time. The lower court rulings blocked the 90-day ban on travelers from Libya, Iran, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen and a 120-day ban on all refugees entering the United States to give the government time to implement stronger vetting procedures. In the court papers, Acting Solicitor General Jeff Wall said the lower courts had wrongly second-guessed the president on national security policy when reviewing the March 6 executive order. “The president expressly determined that the order’s provisions are needed to promote national security, but the lower courts here ... nullified that judgment,” he wrote. In court papers filed on Tuesday, lawyers for the state of Hawaii and individual plaintiffs in Maryland urged the high court not to allow the ban go into effect. ",1
3097,U.S. says it regrets Russia canceled diplomat meeting,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States regrets the Russian cancellation of a meeting this week between top diplomats but remains open to future discussion to bridge bilateral differences, the State Department said on Wednesday. Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov said earlier on Wednesday he was canceling his meeting with U.S. Undersecretary of State Thomas Shannon in response to new sanctions against Moscow. [nR4N1JC012] “We regret that Russia has decided to turn away from an opportunity to discuss bilateral obstacles that hinder U.S.-Russia relations,” State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said in a statement.   ",1
3098,Former homeland secretary says FBI delayed notification of cyber hack,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Former Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson told a congressional panel on Wednesday that there was a delay between the time the FBI first made contact with the Democratic National Committee about Russia hacking its servers and the time he was notified at the Department of Homeland Security.  Johnson, who served under President Barack Obama, was testifying about alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. presidential election.  The Department of Homeland Security issued warnings about hacking into voter registration databases, but Johnson said the notices did not get the attention he would have liked.  Johnson blamed the emergence of a 2005 tape, in which Donald Trump brags about sexually assaulting women, for distracting the American public at the time of the warnings.  Asked why the Obama administration did not do more to warn the public about the hacking, Johnson said, “We were very concerned that we would not be perceived as taking sides in the election, injecting ourselves into a very heated campaign.” ",1
3099,Republican avoids upset in costly Georgia congressional race,"SANDY SPRINGS, Ga. (Reuters) - Georgia Republican Karen Handel won the most expensive congressional race in history on Tuesday, avoiding a Democratic upset in a race that was widely seen as a referendum on President Donald Trump. By a margin of 52 percent to 48 percent, the former Georgia secretary of state defeated Democrat Jon Ossoff, a political newcomer who sought to wrest control of a suburban Atlanta district that has elected Republicans to Congress since the 1970s.       The election will not significantly change the balance of power in Washington, where Republicans control the White House and both chambers of Congress. But it could give Republicans a boost in confidence as they struggle to advance health and tax legislation that has been bogged down by infighting and investigations into whether Trump’s campaign colluded with Russia in last year’s presidential election. Handel said at her victory rally that she knew it was going to “require all hands on deck” for Republicans to hold on to the district. “Tonight I stand before you, extraordinarily humbled and honored at the tremendous privilege and high responsibility that you ... have given me,” Handel told a boisterous crowd that chanted Trump’s name. Ossoff and Handel both tried to focus on local issues and avoided mentioning Trump, whose approval rating sits at 37 percent, according to Reuters/Ipsos polling.  But that did not stop Trump from weighing in on Twitter, urging voters to support Handel before the election and celebrating her victory afterward. “Fantastic job, we are all very proud of you!” he posted Tuesday night. Spending on the race reached at least $57 million, nearly twice the previous record, according to the Center for Responsive Politics, a watchdog group. The special election was held to fill the seat vacated by Tom Price after Trump appointed him as secretary of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. Democrats celebrated the fact that they had turned a conservative stronghold into a competitive district. “We showed the world that in places where no one thought it was even possible we could fight (that) we could fight,” Ossoff told supporters. But the defeat was sure to prompt soul-searching in a party that is shut out of power in Washington and has steadily lost influence at the state level in recent years. Despite spending more than $30 million, Ossoff lost the district by a wider margin than Democrat Hillary Clinton in the 2016 presidential election. Democrats also lost a special election in neighboring South Carolina on Tuesday, where Republican Ralph Norman easily prevailed over Democrat Archie Parnell in a seat formerly held by Republican Mick Mulvaney, who is now serving as Trump’s budget director. Democrats are 0 for 4 in congressional elections this year, having earlier lost races to fill vacant seats in Kansas and Montana. “All the Fake News, all the money spent = 0,” Trump wrote on Twitter. Republicans, meanwhile, can now breathe a sigh of relief with the knowledge that they can still win in the kind of affluent, educated districts that often favor Democrats - even with a president who has divided voters in their own party.  “Do I agree 100 percent with what he does? God, no. But I believe he has the country’s best interests at heart,” said Jessica Podalsky, who voted for Handel on Tuesday morning. ",1
3100,Trump says China tried but failed to help on North Korea,"WASHINGTON/BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese efforts to persuade North Korea to rein in its nuclear program have failed, President Donald Trump said on Tuesday, ratcheting up the rhetoric over the death of an American student who had been detained by Pyongyang. Trump has held high hopes for greater cooperation from China to exert influence over North Korea, leaning heavily on Chinese President Xi Jinping for his assistance. The two leaders had a high-profile summit in Florida in April and Trump has frequently praised Xi while resisting criticizing Chinese trade practices. “While I greatly appreciate the efforts of President Xi & China to help with North Korea, it has not worked out. At least I know China tried!” Trump wrote on Twitter. It was unclear whether his remark represented a significant shift in his thinking in the U.S. struggle to stop North Korea’s nuclear program and its test launching of missiles or a change in U.S. policy toward China. “I think the president is signaling some frustration,” Christopher Hill, a former U.S. ambassador to South Korea, told MSNBC. “He’s signaling to others that he understands this isn’t working, and he’s trying to defend himself, or justify himself, by saying that at least they tried as opposed to others who didn’t even try.” China’s Foreign Ministry said on Wednesday that China had made “unremitting efforts” to resolve tensions on the Korean peninsula, and that it had “always played and important and constructive role”. “China’s efforts to resolve the peninsula nuclear issue is not due to any external pressure, but because China is a member of the region and a responsible member of the international community, and because resolving the peninsula nuclear issue is in China’s interests,” ministry spokesman Geng Shuang told a daily news briefing.  On Tuesday, a U.S. official, who did not want to be identified, said U.S. spy satellites had detected movements recently at North Korea’s nuclear test site near a tunnel entrance, but it was unclear if these were preparations for a new nuclear test - perhaps to coincide with high-level talks between the United States and China in Washington on Wednesday. “North Korea remains prepared to conduct a sixth nuclear test at any time when there is an order from leadership but there are no new unusual indications that can be shared,” a South Korean Defense Ministry official said, speaking on the condition of anonymity.  Seoul was in close consultation with Washington over the matter, the official added.     North Korea last tested a nuclear bomb in September, but it has conducted repeated missile test since and vowed to develop a nuclear-tipped missile capable of hitting the U.S. mainland, putting it at the forefront of Trump’s security worries. U.S.-CHINA DIALOGUE The Trump statement about China was likely to increase pressure on Beijing ahead of Wednesday’s Diplomatic and Security Dialogue, which will pair U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Defense Secretary James Mattis with China’s top diplomat, State Councilor Yang Jiechi, and General Fang Fenghui, chief of joint staff of the People’s Liberation Army. The State Department says the dialogue will focus on ways to increase pressure on North Korea, but also cover such areas as counter-terrorism and territorial rivalries in the South China Sea. The U.S. side is expected to press China to cooperate on a further toughening of international sanctions on North Korea. The United States and its allies would like to see an oil embargo and bans on the North Korean airline and guest workers among other moves, steps diplomats say have been resisted by China and Russia. In a sign that U.S.-Chinese relations remain stable, a White House aide said Trump’s daughter Ivanka Trump and her husband, White House senior adviser Jared Kushner, were invited by the Chinese government to visit the country later this year. Trump has hardened his rhetoric against North Korea following the death of Otto Warmbier, a University of Virginia student who died on Monday in the United States after returning from captivity in North Korea in a coma. In a White House meeting with visiting Ukraine President Petro Poroshenko, Trump criticized the way Warmbier’s case was handled in the year since his arrest, appearing to assail both North Korea and his predecessor, President Barack Obama. “What happened to Otto is a disgrace. And I spoke with his family. His family is incredible ... but he should have been brought home a long time ago,” Trump said. State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said the United States holds North Korea accountable for Warmbier’s “unjust imprisonment” and urged Pyongyang to release three other Americans who are detained. Chinese state-run newspaper the Global Times, published by the official People’s Daily, said Chinese officials must be wary that Warmbier’s death might push Washington to put greater pressure on Beijing. “China has made the utmost efforts to help break the stalemate in the North Korean nuclear issue. But by no means will China, nor will Chinese society permit it to, act as a ‘U.S. ally’ in pressuring North Korea,” the Global Times said in an editorial. If Washington imposes sanctions on Chinese enterprises, it would lead to “grave friction” between the two countries, said the paper, which does not represent Chinese government policy. Trump’s tweet about China took some advisers by surprise. A senior administration official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said the United States had limited options to rein in North Korea without Chinese assistance. White House spokesman Sean Spicer said a meeting between Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un is less likely following Warmbier’s death. Spicer said Trump would be willing to meet Kim under the right conditions, but “clearly we’re moving further away, not closer to those conditions.” For graphic on Americans detained by North Korea, click: tmsnrt.rs/2r5xYpB ",1
3101,"China invites Ivanka Trump, Jared Kushner to visit: U.S. official","WASHINGTON/BEIJING (Reuters) - China has invited U.S. President Donald Trump’s daughter, Ivanka Trump, and his son-in-law, Jared Kushner, to visit Beijing later this year, a White House official said on Tuesday. China’s overture appeared aimed at deepening engagement with the influential young couple, who played a role in the first summit between Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping in April, which set an improved tone for relations between the world’s two biggest economies. Kushner, a senior adviser who entered the White House with no government experience, has been assigned the job of conducting Middle East peace diplomacy and will visit the region this week for talks with Israeli and Palestinian leaders. Helping to manage relations with China is another part of his foreign policy portfolio. At the same time, Kushner has come under heavy scrutiny, with high-profile investigations into alleged contacts between current and former Trump aides and Russian officials. No further details were available on the Chinese invitation, which was first reported by Bloomberg News and confirmed by a White House official on condition of anonymity. The Chinese embassy in Washington did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Speaking at a daily news briefing in Beijing on Wednesday, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang said he had seen reports of the visit but that he was not aware of any details.  Trump railed against China, especially its trade practices, during the presidential campaign. A fence-mending phone call in February was arranged by Kushner and China’s U.S. ambassador, Cui Tiankai, U.S. officials said, after Cui invited Ivanka Trump to the Chinese embassy’s Lunar New Year reception, where her daughter sang in Mandarin. Kushner helped plan and attended the U.S.-China summit at Trump’s Mar-a-Lago resort in April. Trump has since had warm words for Xi, praising him for cooperation with efforts to rein in Beijing’s nuclear-armed neighbor North Korea. But analysts question how long rapprochement can last if North Korea continues its nuclear and missile development in defiance of international pressure. ",1
3102,China says it is making unremitting efforts on North Korea nuclear issue,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China said on Wednesday it is making unremitting efforts on the North Korean nuclear issue, after U.S. President Donald Trump said Beijing had tried but failed to persuade Pyongyang to rein in its nuclear weapons program.  Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang made the comment at a daily news briefing.  ",1
3103,Exclusive: U.S. investigators in Russia probe look at role of Flynn partner,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Federal investigators probing the lobbying work of ousted national security adviser Michael Flynn are focused in part on the role of Bijan Kian, Flynn’s former business partner, according to a person interviewed by the FBI.  Investigators are also looking at whether payments from foreign clients to Flynn and his company, the now-inactive Flynn Intel Group, were lawful, according to two separate sources with knowledge of the broad inquiry into Flynn’s business activities. That includes payments by three Russian companies and a Netherlands-based company, Inovo, controlled by Turkish businessman Ekim Alptekin, they said. The FBI’s interest in Kian has not been previously reported. Kian played a central role in securing and overseeing the Inovo contract, two people with knowledge of that project said.  It is not clear whether Kian is a target of the criminal investigation or whether investigators are trying to build a fuller understanding of how Flynn’s company operated. A person recently interviewed by the FBI in connection with the Flynn investigation said agents from the bureau’s criminal division had asked as much about Kian and his work on the project with Alptekin as they had about Flynn.  Kian did not respond to repeated requests for comment, nor did the lawyer he recently hired, Robert Trout. The FBI declined to comment. Flynn’s lawyer, Robert Kelner, did not respond to requests for comment. Alptekin declined to comment for this story but last month told Reuters that he was satisfied with the work done by Flynn Intel Group and denied any wrongdoing.  The FBI has been investigating whether Flynn’s consulting firm lobbied on behalf of Turkey - after being paid $530,000 by Inovo - without making the proper disclosure, Reuters reported earlier this month. The federal investigation is being run by special counsel Robert Mueller. Mueller has a mandate to investigate contacts between Russia and Trump’s 2016 election campaign team and any related matters. Flynn was fired by the Trump administration in February after officials said he mischaracterized a series of phone calls with Russia’s ambassador last December.   The top Democrat on the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, which has separately been looking into whether Flynn made false statements in applying for security clearance, said he was also scrutinizing Kian.  “I have an interest in Bijan Kian and his interactions with General Flynn based on specific documents already obtained by the Committee,” Elijah Cummings told Reuters in an email.  Kelner has sought immunity for Flynn in exchange for his testimony, saying his client “certainly has a story to tell.”    In private conversations with potential clients, Kian portrayed himself as a rainmaker for Flynn, tapping into  connections cultivated during a five-year tenure as a director at the U.S. Export-Import Bank, according to one person who worked with the firm. Alptekin told Reuters in May that his firm hired Flynn Intel Group to research Muslim cleric Fethullah Gulen’s activities in the United States, which he suspected were “poisoning” relations between the United States and Turkey. Like Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan, Alptekin blamed a failed coup in Turkey last July on followers of Gulen. Gulen, who has lived in self-imposed exile in Pennsylvania since 1999, has denied involvement in the attempted coup and dismisses Turkey’s allegations that he heads a terrorist organization. Kian oversaw key elements of the project that emerged, including a still-unfinished documentary on Gulen, according to two people involved in the project. Inovo paid Flynn Intel Group a total of $530,000, starting in September, according to a Justice Department filing by the company in March. Flynn Intel Group paid $80,000 to Inovo in “consultancy fees,” according to the filing, which does not provide more detail on why payments were made in both directions. On Sept. 19, Kian and Flynn met in New York with Turkey’s foreign minister and energy minister, who is Erdogan’s son-in-law, according to a person with knowledge of the meeting.   In late October, Kian invited staff of the House Homeland Security Committee to Flynn Intel Group’s headquarters in Virginia. The meeting was called to show off new mobile phone security technology, but Kian also used the opportunity to try to get a congressional hearing on Gulen, according to a person at the meeting.  At that point, the Flynn Intel Group had only disclosed its work for Alptekin’s Inovo in a filing with Congress. It had not mentioned Inovo’s ties to Turkey. When Justice Department officials became aware months later that Kian and other Flynn Intel Group officials had met with Turkish officials they insisted on a fuller disclosure, people involved in those discussions said. The Flynn Intel Group made the more detailed disclosure in its March filing with the Justice Department under the Foreign Agents Registration Act that said the work that Flynn and Kian did for Inovo “could be construed to have principally benefited the Republic of Turkey.” ",1
3104,U.S. attorney general unveils 12-city partnership to fight crime,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Justice Department has launched a 12-city partnership to combat spikes in violent crime as part of President Donald Trump’s vow to support law enforcement, Attorney General Jeff Sessions said on Tuesday. The program features a three-year initiative to help coordinate crime-fighting efforts among federal, state, local and tribal law enforcement and prosecutors, Sessions said in unveiling the new National Public Safety Partnership. Trump, a Republican, made tough-on-crime rhetoric a focus of his 2016 campaign. The new program stems from an executive order he signed in February mandating that the Justice Department provide support for local law enforcement. “We have a duty to make sure our country does not abandon all the progress we have made against crime over the past few decades,” Sessions said at a national meeting of law enforcement officials. His remarks were released by the Justice Department. Sessions did not disclose any new funding for the initiative, which will focus on gun crime, drug trafficking and gang violence. The federal government will provide help in areas that include training, crime analysis, gun violence, community engagement and investigations. A spike in violent crime in 2015 continued into the first half of last year, with big cities seeing an average increase in murders of almost 22 percent compared with the same period the year before, Sessions said. The dozen cities chosen for the program are Birmingham, Alabama; Indianapolis; Memphis, Tennessee; Toledo, Ohio; Baton Rouge, Louisiana; Buffalo, New York; Cincinnati; Houston; Jackson, Tennessee; Kansas City, Missouri; Lansing, Michigan; and Springfield, Illinois.  Sessions said more communities could be announced for the partnership this year. The 12 cities were picked because they have levels of violence well above the national average and are ready to receive training and aid, Justice Department spokesman Devin O’Malley said. Federal prosecutors and law enforcement officials also helped choose them, he said. Chicago and nine other cities that were in a pilot program called the Violence Reduction Network will also take part in the initiative. Trump had vowed in January to bring federal intervention to bear to quell gun violence in Chicago.  ",1
3105,U.S. Attorney General Sessions hires private attorney,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions has become the latest senior Trump administration official to hire a private attorney, a Justice Department spokeswoman said on Tuesday. Sessions has retained Washington-based lawyer Charles Cooper, whom spokeswoman Sarah Isgur Flores described as a long-time friend of the former senator.  She did not say when Cooper was hired or whether he would be Sessions’ defense lawyer in the federal probe into alleged Russian interference in last year’s presidential election and possible collusion by Trump’s campaign team. Cooper was present at Sessions’ confirmation hearing and again when he testified before the Senate Intelligence Committee earlier this month. Sessions recused himself from the Russia investigation in early March, shortly after news reports surfaced of his previously undisclosed contacts with Russian Ambassador Sergei Kislyak. He has since come under further scrutiny for his role in the  firing of former Federal Bureau of Investigation Director James Comey in May. Comey accused the president of dismissing him to undermine the investigation into ties between the Trump campaign team and Russian officials. During his testimony before the Senate committee, Sessions angrily denied any wrongdoing. Trump, Vice President Mike Pence and senior adviser Jared Kushner have also hired attorneys as special counsel Robert Mueller, appointed after Comey’s dismissal, leads the Russia investigation. ",1
3106,Senators want Congress to OK military action in Syria,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. senators called on Congress on Tuesday to take back its authority to determine whether the country goes to war, saying recent U.S. strikes in Syria were not covered by existing authorizations for the use of military force. The Senate Foreign Relations Committee has begun considering legislation that would cover military action in Syria, Afghanistan, Iraq, Somalia, Libya and Yemen against the Islamic State, al Qaeda and other Islamist militant groups. “I have always believed that it’s important for Congress to exercise its constitutional role to authorize the use of force,” the committee’s chairman, Republican Senator Bob Corker, told a hearing on Tuesday. As President Donald Trump has ordered stepped-up military activity in Syria, Afghanistan and elsewhere, members of Congress also want Trump to present a strategy for defeating Islamic State and other militant groups. “It’s difficult for us to carry out our responsibility unless we know what the commander in chief needs,” Senator Ben Cardin, the committee’s top Democrat, said.  The Trump administration, like former President Barack Obama’s, has been using a 2001 Authorization for the Use of Military Force (AUMF) against al Qaeda passed after the Sept. 11 attacks as the legal basis for a wide range of military action since. Although there is bipartisan support for Congress to debate and vote on a new AUMF introduced by Republican Senator Jeff Flake and Democratic Senator Tim Kaine, the measure faces stiff opposition.  Lawmakers have introduced war authorizations repeatedly in the past several years. But they have failed to advance amid sharp divisions in Congress over whether, or how, to limit commanders’ use of military resources. Many war-weary members of Congress also do not want to vote for anything that might become a foreign military quagmire consuming taxpayer dollars or leading to widespread U.S. casualties. Trump has ordered stepped-up military operations against Islamic State and delegated more authority to his generals. U.S.-led forces said on Tuesday they had shot down an armed “pro-Syrian regime” drone near the border between Iraq and Syria. A U.S. warplane shot down a Syrian army jet over Syria on Sunday. Democratic Senator Tom Udall voted for the 2001 authorization while he was a member of the House of Representatives. “I would have never imagined that vote supporting U.S. troops in Syria in 2017 and engagements with the Assad regime,” he said. ",1
3107,Special counsel to meet Senate committee leaders," (This June 19 story has been refiled to correct Mueller title to special counsel.) By Jonathan Landay WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Special counsel Robert Mueller will hold talks this week with senior Senate Judiciary Committee members to ensure that there is no conflict between his investigation of potential collusion between Russia and the Trump campaign and the panel’s probe, two congressional aides said on Monday. Mueller, a former FBI director, will meet on Wednesday with the committee’s Republican chairman, Charles Grassley, and its top Democrat, Dianne Feinstein, said the sources, who spoke on condition of anonymity. They will be joined by Republican Lindsey Graham and Democrat Sheldon Whitehouse, the chairman and ranking member of the Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism, they added. The subcommittee is examining what U.S. intelligence agencies say was a Russian campaign of influence was intended to boost Donald Trump’s chances of winning the 2016 presidential election. The discussions will focus on ensuring that the subcommittee’s investigation is not interfering with Mueller’s probe, one source said. Spokesmen for the committee and for Mueller declined to comment. Mueller also was expected to meet sometime during the week with top members of the House of Representatives’ Intelligence Committee for a similar discussion.  A spokesman and a spokeswoman for the panel also declined to discuss the matter. The special counsel met last week with the Republican chairman and the top Democrat overseeing the Senate Intelligence Committee’s investigation of what U.S. intelligence agencies say  Russia denies that it conducted such a campaign, and Trump denies there was any collusion between his campaign and Moscow. ",1
3108,State Department presses North Korea to release detained Americans,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States holds North Korea accountable for its treatment of U.S. student Otto Warmbier and wants three other U.S. citizens detained by Pyongyang to be freed as soon as possible, the U.S. State Department said on Tuesday. “We hold North Korea accountable for Otto Warmbier’s unjust imprisonment,” State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert told a news briefing. Warmbier died on Monday days after being returned from North Korea in a coma after being imprisoned for 17 months. “We want to see three other Americans who were unjustly detained brought home as soon as possible,” Nauert said. ",1
3109,U.S. State Department questions Gulf motives on Qatar boycott,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. State Department bluntly questioned on Tuesday the motives of Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates for their boycott of Doha, saying it was “mystified” the Gulf states had not released their grievances over Qatar. In Washington’s strongest language yet on the Gulf dispute, the State Department said the more time goes by, “the more doubt is raised about the actions taken by Saudi Arabia and the UAE.” “At this point, we are left with one simple question: Were the actions really about their concerns regarding Qatar’s alleged support for terrorism or were they about the long-simmering grievances between and among the GCC countries,” State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said, referring to the six-nation Gulf Cooperation Council.     The State Department’s comments came in contrast to the language taken by U.S. President Donald Trump who has accused Qatar of being a “high level” sponsor of terrorism. Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates and Qatar are key American allies. The fact the State Department bluntly questioned Riyadh and Abu Dhabi’s actions in public suggests Washington was keen for the parties to end the dispute.  “We’ve just said to the parties involved: Let’s finish this. Let’s get this going,” Nauert said.  Qatar hosts a vital U.S. military base, Al Udeid, to which more than 11,000 U.S. and coalition forces are deployed or assigned and from which more than 100 aircraft operate. The United Arab Emirates, which along with Saudi Arabia, Egypt and Bahrain imposed the measures to isolate Qatar, has said the sanctions could last for years unless Doha accepted demands that the Arab powers plan to reveal in coming days.  The State Department, headed by Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, was encouraging “all sides to de-escalate tensions and engage in constructive dialogue,” Nauert said. A U.S. official said Washington is urging Qatar to take steps to defuse the crisis, including signing on to proposals being drawn up the Treasury Department to strengthen controls against financing of militant groups. But this official and a second U.S. official said it was inaccurate to single Qatar out, and that the Saudis, Emiratis and other Gulf states face similar challenges in countering terrorist financing. Qatar’s foreign minister, who is expected to travel to Washington next week, said Doha would not negotiate with its neighbors to resolve the Gulf dispute unless they first lift the trade and travel boycott they imposed two weeks ago. He added that Doha still believed a solution was possible.  “Now that it has been more than two weeks since the embargo started, we are mystified that the Gulf states have not released to the public nor to the Qataris the details about the claims that they are making toward Qatar,” Nauert added. There was no immediate comment from Riyadh or Abu Dhabi. Qatar’s ambassador to the United States, Meshal Hamad al-Thani, welcomed the State Department’s statement, tweeting: “We are confident in the ability of the U.S. to resolve this crisis”. Qatar has denied accusations by its neighbors that it funds terrorism, foments regional instability or has cosied up to their enemy Iran. The first U.S. official said the dispute is driven more by economic rivalries, historical tensions and the personal dynamics of Gulf leaders than by the specific demands the Saudis and Emiratis are making on Qatar. The dispute has opened a rift among some of the main U.S. allies in the Middle East. Since the dispute erupted, Trump has taken a tougher stance against Qatar, while the State Department had sought to remain neutral. Nauert said Tillerson had three phone calls and two in-person meetings with the Saudi foreign minister. Tillerson also spoke by phone three times with Qatar’s foreign minister and with the Qatari emir. The UAE’s ambassador to the United States said last week a list of demands for Qatar was being compiled and would soon be handed to the United States. He said they would broadly address support for terrorism, meddling in the internal affairs of these countries and attacks through Qatari-owned media platforms. The Pentagon has said the boycott was hindering U.S. ability to plan for long-term operations in the region. Al Udeid is where command for the anti-Islamic State air campaign takes place. Meanwhile, Qatar’s attorney general said on Tuesday his country has evidence that the hacking of Qatar’s state news agency was linked to countries that have severed ties with Doha.  ",1
3110,"Trump to meet with top executives on wireless tech, drones","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump will discuss advanced wireless technologies and drones on Thursday with top executives at AT&T Inc, Verizon Communications Inc, T-Mobile US Inc and other firms, focusing on how government can create the right environment for breakthroughs. AT&T Chief Executive Randall Stephenson, Sprint CEO Marcelo Claure and CenturyLink Inc CEO Glen Post will be among the executives discussing advanced technologies such as unmanned aerial vehicles, or drones, 5G wireless technologies and universal broadband, officials said. White House press secretary Sean Spicer said Trump will see “demonstrations of how these technologies will contribute to the 21st century economy and how the government can ensure that their safe adoption leads to the best possible outcomes for the American worker and American businesses.” Federal Communications Commission Chairman Ajit Pai, Deputy Chief Technology Officer Michael Kratsios, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, White House National Economic Director Gary Cohn and FAA and NASA officials will attend small group meetings before the group meets with Trump at about 11 a.m. EDT (1500 GMT). Venture capital firms and portfolio companies also are expected. Last year, the FCC cleared the way for 5G, a lightning-fast next generation of wireless services that lead to universal access to broadband wireless. Testing is under way and deployment is expected around 2020. New 5G networks are expected to provide speeds at least 10 times and maybe 100 times faster than today’s 4G networks, the FCC said. Policymakers and mobile phone companies have said the next generation of wireless signals needs to be much faster and far more responsive to allow advanced technologies such as virtual surgery or controlling machines remotely. They face regulatory hurdles to adding infrastructure to create the system. The 5G networks could help wirelessly connect devices such as thermostats or washing machines to facilitate the “internet of things.” They could improve road traffic by monitoring sensors in streetlights and cars. It could even help detect air pollution using sensors in trees. The FAA in March estimated that by 2021 the fleet of small hobbyist drones will more than triple and the commercial drone fleet will increase tenfold to about 442,000. The Obama administration implemented rules that opened the skies to low-level small drones for education, research and routine commercial use. The Trump administration still is considering whether to allow a sweeping expansion in drone use for purposes such as deliveries where aircraft would fly beyond the sight of an operator. ",1
3111,"House speaker, Trump aides vow tax reform by end of 2017","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Top Republicans from Congress and the Trump administration vowed on Tuesday to complete tax reform by the end of 2017, despite party infighting and political distractions from investigations of alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 election. In a speech to U.S. manufacturers, House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said President Donald Trump and the Republican-controlled Congress hoped to complete the job in the autumn, with a new tax system in place by the beginning of 2018. The goal is to get tax legislation to the floor of Congress during the first two weeks of September, Trump economic adviser Gary Cohn told technology industry representatives at the White House.    Republicans are promising the biggest tax overhaul since the Reagan era, saying a simplified system with tax cuts for individuals and businesses, along with reforms to eliminate taxes on the foreign profits of U.S. corporations, can boost economic growth and create jobs. Independent analysts say there is no evidence that tax cuts drive long-term economic growth. Democrats contend that the Republican tax measures are designed to benefit wealthier Americans. “I am here to tell you we are going to get this done in 2017. Why are we going to get this done in 2017? Because we need to get this done in 2017,” Ryan told a conference hosted by the National Association of Manufacturers, a powerful Washington lobby group. “This will create jobs. That is what this is all about, jobs, jobs, jobs, good-paying jobs,” he said. The  effort has drawn warnings and criticism from Democrats. Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer said Republican moves to grant new tax breaks to the wealthy could jeopardize Democratic support for an increase in the government’s borrowing authority later this year.   Shortly after Ryan’s speech, House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi’s office called his remarks “a poor attempt to distract” from a lack of Republican initiatives on job creation. The Trump administration and Republicans in Congress face mounting pressure from U.S. businesses and their electoral base to deliver tax reform, a top 2016 campaign pledge that could determine whether Republicans retain control of Congress in the 2018 midterm elections. It was not clear whether Republicans can overcome infighting over healthcare legislation and government spending to move forward on tax reform.     Earlier in the day, Vice President Mike Pence assured the same audience that tax reform would be done this year, in remarks echoed by Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin in a CNBC television interview.  Ryan and Mnuchin are among six officials trying to craft a tax deal in closed-door discussions with Cohn, Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell and the Republican chairmen of two tax committees. “We’re comparing and contrasting various versions of reform to get the best possible one that gives us the lowest possible rates and most internationally competitive tax system, and the best one we can pass,” Ryan told CNBC after his speech.  The Nasdaq Composite .IXIC is up nearly 20 percent while the S&P 500 .SPX has added 14 percent since Trump's election in November, as investors bet he would spark economic growth by cutting taxes and boosting infrastructure spending.  The Trump administration and Republican leaders in Congress have agreed that tax reform should eliminate estate and alternative minimum taxes, both levies on the wealthy. They also want to allow U.S. corporations to repatriate trillions of dollars in profits held overseas at a reduced tax rate and  eliminate taxes on future foreign profits. ",1
3112,Exclusive: Trump administration eyes hardening line toward Pakistan,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s administration is exploring hardening its approach toward Pakistan to crack down on Pakistan-based militants launching attacks in neighboring Afghanistan, two U.S. officials tell Reuters.  Potential Trump administration responses being discussed include expanding U.S. drone strikes, redirecting or withholding some aid to Pakistan and perhaps eventually downgrading Pakistan’s status as a major non-NATO ally, the two officials said, speaking on condition of anonymity. Other U.S. officials are skeptical of the prospects for success, arguing that years of previous U.S. efforts to curb Pakistan’s support for militant groups have failed, and that already strengthening U.S. ties to India, Pakistan’s arch-enemy, undermine chances of a breakthrough with Islamabad.  U.S. officials say generally they seek greater cooperation with Pakistan, not a rupture in ties, once the administration finishes a regional review, due by mid-July, of the strategy guiding the 16-year-old war in Afghanistan.  The discussions include officials from across the Trump administration, including the White House and the Defense Department, both of which declined comment on the review before its completion. Precise actions have yet to be decided. But Pakistan’s embassy in Washington warned against “scapegoating” Pakistan to explain the stalemate in Afghanistan, pointing instead to Afghanistan’s own troubled internal dynamics. It also noted past Pakistani efforts to battle militants and expressed willingness to work with the United States and Afghanistan on border management. “Singling out Pakistan and pinning the entire blame on Pakistan for the situation in Afghanistan is neither fair nor accurate, nor is it borne out by the ground realities,” said Abid Saeed, press minister at the embassy. Experts on America’s longest war argue that militant safe havens in Pakistan have allowed Taliban-linked insurgents a place to plot deadly strikes in Afghanistan and regroup after ground offensives.  Although long mindful of Pakistan, the Trump administration  in recent weeks has put more emphasis on the relationship with Islamabad in discussions as it hammers out a regional strategy to be presented to Trump, who took office in late January, one official said. “We’ve never really fully articulated what our strategy towards Pakistan is. The strategy will more clearly say what we want from Pakistan specifically,” the U.S. official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. Other U.S. officials question whether any mix of carrots and sticks can get Islamabad to change its behavior. At the end of the day, Washington needs a partner, even if an imperfect one, in nuclear-armed Pakistan, they say. The United States is again poised to deploy thousands more troops in Afghanistan, an acknowledgment that U.S.-backed forces are not winning and Taliban militants are resurgent. Without more pressure on militants within Pakistan who target Afghanistan, experts say additional U.S. troop deployments will fail to meet their ultimate objective: to pressure the Taliban to eventually negotiate peace. “I believe there will be a much harder U.S. line on Pakistan going forward than there has been in the past,” Hamdullah Mohib, the Afghan ambassador to the United States, told Reuters, without citing specific measures under review.  Kabul has long been critical of Pakistan’s role in Afghanistan.  Pakistan fiercely denies allowing any militants safe haven on its territory. It bristles at U.S. claims that Pakistan’s spy agency, the Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI) directorate, has ties to Haqqani network militants blamed for some of the deadliest attacks in Afghanistan. A senior Pakistani government source, speaking on condition of anonymity, doubted the Trump administration would press too hard, saying: “They don’t want to push Pakistan to abandon their war against terrorism.” Pakistani officials point towards the toll militancy has taken on the country. Since 2003, almost 22,000 civilians and nearly 7,000 Pakistani security forces have been killed as a result of militancy, according to the South Asia Terrorism Portal, which tracks violence. But the Pentagon, in a report to Congress released on Tuesday, explicitly accused elements of Pakistan’s government of supporting Afghanistan-focused militant groups, including the Taliban and Haqqani Network, who it said retained “freedom of action” within Pakistan.  It called Pakistan “the most influential external actor affecting Afghan stability.” Pakistan won the status as a major non-NATO ally in 2004 from the George Bush administration, in what was at the time seen in part as recognition of its importance in the U.S. battle against al Qaeda and Taliban insurgents. The status is mainly symbolic, allowing limited benefits such as giving Pakistan faster access to surplus U.S. military hardware. Yanking the title would be seen by Pakistan as a major blow. Some U.S. officials and experts on the region scoff at the title. “Pakistan is not an ally. It’s not North Korea or Iran. But it’s not an ally,” said Bruce Riedel, a Pakistan expert at the Brookings Institution think tank.  Lisa Curtis, prior to becoming senior director for South and Central Asia at the National Security Council, co-authored a report with Husain Haqqani, Pakistan’s former ambassador to Washington, in which they recommended the Trump administration warn Pakistan the status could be revoked in six months.  “Thinking of Pakistan as an ally will continue to create problems for the next administration as it did for the last one,” said the February report, published by the conservative Hudson Institute think tank. It was unclear how seriously the Trump administration was considering the proposal. The growing danger to Afghanistan from suspected Pakistan-based militants was underscored by a devastating May 31 truck bomb that killed more than 80 people and wounded 460 in Kabul.   Afghanistan’s main intelligence agency said the attack - one of the deadliest in memory in the Afghan capital - had been carried out by the Haqqani network with assistance from Pakistan, a charge Islamabad denies. Washington believes the strikes appeared to be the work of the Haqqani network, U.S. officials told Reuters. U.S. frustration over the Haqqani’s presence in Pakistan has been building for years. The United States designated the Haqqani network as a terrorist organization in 2012. U.S. Navy Admiral Mike Mullen, then the top U.S. military officer, told Congress in 2011 that the Haqqani network was a “veritable arm” of the ISI. Any U.S. pivot in its approach would be sharply different than the one taken at the start of the Obama administration, when U.S. officials sought to court Pakistani leaders, including Army chief General Ashfaq Kayani. David Sedney, who served as Obama’s deputy assistant secretary of defense for Afghanistan, Pakistan and Central Asia from 2009 to 2013, said the attempt to turn Islamabad into a strategic partner was a “disaster.” “It didn’t affect Pakistan’s behavior one bit. In fact, I would argue it made Pakistan’s behavior worse,” Sedney said. MORE DRONES, CASH CUT-OFF Pakistan has received more than $33 billion in U.S. assistance since 2002, including more than $14 billion in so-called Coalition Support Funds (CSF), a U.S. Defense Department program to reimburse allies that have incurred costs in supporting counter-insurgency operations. Last year, the Pentagon decided not to pay Pakistan $300 million in CSF funding after then-U.S. Secretary of Defense Ash Carter declined to sign authorization that Pakistan was taking adequate action against the Haqqani network.      U.S. officials said the Trump administration was discussing withholding at least some assistance to Pakistan. Curtis’ report singled out the aid as a target. But U.S. aid cuts could cede even more influence to China, which already has committed nearly $60 billion in investments in Pakistan.  Another option under review is broadening a drone campaign to penetrate deeper into Pakistan to target Haqqani fighters and other militants blamed for attacks in Afghanistan, U.S. officials and a Pakistan expert said. “Now the Americans (will be) saying, you aren’t taking out our enemies, so therefore we are taking them out ourselves,” said the Pakistan expert, who declined to be identified. Pakistan’s army chief of staff last week criticized “unilateral actions” such as drone strikes as “counterproductive and against (the) spirit of ongoing cooperation and intelligence sharing being diligently undertaken by Pakistan.” ",1
3113,"Russia, Iran sanctions bill hits roadblock in U.S. House","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Legislation to impose new sanctions on Russia and Iran that passed the U.S. Senate nearly unanimously last week has run into a procedural problem that could prevent a quick vote in the House of Representatives, lawmakers said on Tuesday. The Countering Iran’s Destabilizing Activities Act, which also includes new sanctions against Russia, passed the Senate 98-2 last week, an overwhelming vote that looked like it might complicate President Donald Trump’s desire for warmer relations with Moscow. But the measure must still pass the House before it can be sent to Trump to sign into law, or veto, and the House parliamentarian found that the legislation violated a constitutional requirement that any bill that raises revenue for the government must originate in the House, something known as a “blue slip” violation. “The final bill, and final language, violated the origination clause in the Constitution,” Representative Kevin Brady, the Republican chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee, told reporters. Democrats suggested that Republicans were stalling the bill out of loyalty to Trump, whose administration has criticized the sanctions package as potentially too restrictive. In the past, Democrats said, House leaders had overcome such objections without discussion by quickly voting on identical versions of Senate legislation. “This is nothing but a delay tactic and the public shouldn’t be fooled by complex-sounding parliamentary procedure,” said Representative Eliot Engel, ranking Democrat on the House Foreign Affairs Committee. Republicans insisted it was a procedural, not a policy, matter, noting that the Russia amendment to the Iran bill was 100 pages long and passed in the Senate only last week. “I strongly support sanctions against Iran and Russia to hold them accountable,” Brady said. Brady said House leaders were working with the Senate and House Foreign Affairs Committee to determine how to proceed, but the Senate could address the issue by quickly updating the bill and sending it back to the House. Trump’s fellow Republicans hold a majority of 52 seats in the 100-member Senate, and a more commanding 238- to 193-seat margin in the House. Brady could not predict when the House might vote,  including whether it would be before Congress’ summer recess starts at the end of July. Cory Fritz, a spokesman for Ed Royce, the Republican chairman of the House foreign affairs committee, said the committee is reviewing the bill. ",1
3114,Trump to make announcement on any Comey tapes this week: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump is expected to make an announcement this week about the existence of any tapes of conversations between him and former FBI Director James Comey, the White House said on Tuesday. “The president has said that he will make an announcement on this. I expect it this week,” White House spokesman Sean Spicer told reporters at a news briefing. Spicer was responding to a question about whether there are tapes of the conversations with Comey, whom Trump fired last month, and whether they would be turned over to the House of Representatives Intelligence Committee, which is probing allegations of Russians meddling in the 2016 U.S. election and possible collusion with the Trump campaign. ",1
3115,Democrats link U.S. debt limit vote to Republican tax cut moves,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democrats in the U.S. Congress warned on Tuesday that Republican moves to grant new tax breaks to the wealthy could jeopardize Democratic support for an increase in the government’s borrowing authority later this year. “If they’re (Republicans) going to put on the table a massive tax cut for the very wealthy that increases the deficit by trillions (of dollars), it’s harder to get Democrats to increase the debt ceiling,” Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer told reporters. A healthcare reform bill passed by the House of Representatives contains a tax cut for the wealthy, and a major tax reform initiative by Republicans this year could contain additional reductions. ",1
3116,Senate's McConnell: Draft healthcare bill expected Thursday,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Republicans will release the text of a draft healthcare bill on Thursday, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said on Tuesday. “We’re going to lay out a discussion draft Thursday morning,” McConnell told reporters, adding that the Senate bill will take a different approach to healthcare than the legislation that passed the House of Representatives last month. McConnell said he hoped for an assessment of the costs and impact of the proposal from the Congressional Budget Office in the coming days. ",1
3117,"Factbox: Time slipping by for Trump, Republicans on domestic goals","(Reuters) - After 21 weeks at the controls of the White House and both chambers of the U.S. Congress, President Donald Trump and his Republicans have yet to pass major legislation into law and are short on time to do so before Washington’s long summer recess. The House of Representatives reconvened on Tuesday. It will be in session for the next nine weekdays, along with the Senate, which reconvened on Monday. Both chambers will take a break from July 1-9, then return and work July 10-28. After that, Capitol Hill will be quiet through the annual August vacation. Trump set high expectations as a candidate and early in his presidency, promising to repeal and replace Obamacare, invest in infrastructure and work to cut taxes and regulations. These pledges have helped fuel a powerful stock market rally. Trump’s only big domestic policy win, aside from killing a handful of Obama-era regulations, has been Senate approval 10 weeks ago of a new Supreme Court justice. The White House has not sent Congress a legislative proposal on any major issue. Trump has been swamped by investigations into possible ties between his campaign and alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 election. In Congress, the House has approved an Obamacare rollback bill, but it has stalled in the Senate. On Tuesday, Vice President Mike Pence predicted a Republican healthcare bill would be enacted by the end of summer. Competing tax reform plans have divided Republicans in both chambers. No firm infrastructure plan has emerged, and lawmakers have not yet formulated a budget plan for 2018. Urgent budget deadlines will follow the August break, and later in the year, lawmakers will begin focusing on the 2018 congressional elections. Here is a look at key dates coming up. June 20: Special House elections in Georgia and South Carolina. June 30: Congress starts Independence Day break. July 7-8: Trump attends G20 summit in Germany, his first face-to-face meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin. July 28: Congress adjourns for five-week summer recess. July-August: U.S. Treasury may no longer be able to postpone the federal debt limit, although this may not arrive until late 2017. Sept. 5: Congress reconvenes. Sept. 30: End of federal fiscal year 2017. Without congressional action, funding for many programs will expire. Oct. 1: Start of federal fiscal year 2018. Current federal spending deal expires. Without a new deal, the federal government could shut down. ",1
3118,CFTC poised to lose sole Democratic commissioner Bowen in coming months,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The top U.S. derivatives regulator is about to lose its sole Democratic commissioner in the coming months, with Sharon Bowen announcing on Tuesday she intends to step down. Bowen announced her plans at a public meeting on Tuesday, saying she will try to time her departure around when the U.S. Senate confirms another Commodity Futures Trading Commission member nominated by President Donald Trump. Trump has thus far nominated three new Republican members of the CFTC, including its Acting Chairman Chris Giancarlo. He will need to nominate two Democrats to round out the five-member panel. ",1
3119,"White House, Republicans aim for tax bill in first half of September","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump’s top economic adviser, Gary Cohn, said on Tuesday that the White House and congressional Republicans are working to get a tax reform bill to the floor of Congress during the first two weeks of September. Speaking to a group of executives from the technology sector at the White House, Cohn said Republicans do not want to negotiate the tax bill on the floor, but instead will work out a deal beforehand. ",1
3120,Travel ban challengers urge U.S. top court to reject Trump appeal,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Opponents of President Donald Trump’s ban on travelers from six Muslim-majority countries again urged the U.S. Supreme Court on Tuesday to reject his bid to revive it, saying his administration undermined its own arguments by amending the order last week. In court papers filed with the justices, lawyers for the state of Hawaii and individual plaintiffs in Maryland made note of a June 14 memo by the administration amending the executive order to let the government conduct an internal review of vetting procedures for people entering the country. The order signed by Trump on March 6 called for a 90-day ban on travelers from Libya, Iran, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen and a 120-day ban on all refugees entering the United States to give the government time to implement stronger vetting procedures. “This memorandum conclusively severs the already tenuous relationship between the bans and their ostensible rationale by making it clear that the order’s travel and refugee restrictions may begin after the vetting reviews are complete,” Hawaii’s lawyer, Neal Katyal, wrote. The administration has appealed lower court rulings blocking the travel ban to the Supreme Court and made an emergency request that the justices put the order into effect immediately while the legal battle over its legality continues. A decision by the justices on whether to take up the case and grant the emergency request could come as soon as this week. ",1
3121,Trump picks Republican lawyer Kaplan for U.S. labor board,"(Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump was poised on Tuesday to nominate Washington lawyer Marvin Kaplan to the National Labor Relations Board, nudging the agency toward a Republican majority that could overturn a series of decisions that have riled businesses. Late on Monday, the White House issued a statement saying Trump had selected Kaplan, a fellow Republican currently with the federal Occupational Safety and Health Review Commission, to one of the board’s five seats. After Trump officially names him, he must be confirmed by the U.S. Senate.  The NLRB, which oversees union elections and disputes between workers, unions, and employers, has been controlled by Democrats for nearly a decade, and they currently have a 2-1 majority with two vacancies. The board, when fully stocked, includes three members from the president’s party and two from the opposing party. Under Trump, lawyers and business groups expect the board to roll back a series of policy changes adopted during the administration of former President Barack Obama.  Chief among those was a 2015 decision that expanded the circumstances in which a company is considered a “joint employer” liable for legal violations by contractors, staffing agencies, and franchisees.  The NLRB is also expected to revisit new rules designed to speed up the union election process that business groups say favor unions, and decisions allowing workers to use company email accounts to organize and to picket on employers’ private property. Kaplan, who did not respond to a request for comment on Tuesday, previously worked for Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives crafting employment-related legislation, including a bill that would undo the new union election rules. Business groups including the National Restaurant Association and International Franchise Association praised the nomination, saying Kaplan and a second nominee who Trump is expected to name this week would bring more balance to the board. ",1
3122,Democrats protest Senate Republican healthcare secrecy,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Democrats took to the Senate floor on Monday to throw a spotlight on behind-the-scenes efforts by the Republican majority to repeal former President Barack Obama’s healthcare law, known as Obamacare. In a series of floor motions, inquiries and lengthy speeches, Democrats criticized the closed-door meetings that Republicans have been holding to craft a replacement for Obamacare, formally known as the Affordable Care Act. They called for open committee hearings and more time to consider the bill before a Senate vote, which Republicans say could come in the next two weeks, although a draft bill has yet to emerge publicly. Lacking the votes to derail or change the Republican process, the maneuvers by the Democratic minority seemed more aimed at highlighting Republican efforts on a controversial issue. Polls have said that a majority of Americans disapprove of the Obamacare replacement that has passed the House of Representatives and that Senate Republicans are now considering. Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer said that the closed-door Republican meetings on healthcare amounted to “the most glaring departure from normal legislative procedure that I have ever seen.”  “Republicans are writing their healthcare bill under the cover of darkness because they are ashamed of it,” Schumer charged. The resulting legislation would likely throw millions out of health insurance, he said, while granting “a big fat tax break for the wealthiest among us.” Senators are not obligated to hold meetings in the open, but Democrats pointed out that there were lengthy committee meetings and many days of floor debate on Obamacare before it passed in 2010. Several Democrats moved for the healthcare legislation to be referred to Senate committees for hearings, but Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell refused. McConnell said all Republican senators have been involved to some degree in healthcare meetings and that Democrats would have a chance to amend the legislation they produce, once it is brought to the Senate floor. “We’re going to have a meeting on the Senate floor, all hundred of us, with an unlimited amendment process,” McConnell said. “So there will be no failure of opportunity.” Senate Republican leaders would like a vote on healthcare legislation in July, before the July 4 recess if possible. But Republicans have struggled to coalesce around a bill, with moderates and conservatives pushing in different directions. Senate Republicans also face pressure from the right. In the House, conservatives have written to McConnell to express concern about reports that say the Senate may water down the House bill. ",1
3123,India's Modi could discuss visa issue with Trump: trade official,"NEW DELHI (Reuters) - India could take up the issue of visas for skilled workers when Prime Minister Narendra Modi meets U.S. President Donald Trump next week, top trade ministry official said on Tuesday. “H-1B visa issue will be one of the issues on the table during PM’s visit,” Trade Secretary Rita Teaotia said, referring to Trump’s order for a review of high-skilled visa programme that affects India’s $150-billion information technology sector. Modi is due to meet Trump in Washington on June 26, a meeting that is expected to lay the ground for a further expansion in ties, allaying some of the anxiety that had crept in about a drift in relations. ",1
3124,Ukraine leader Poroshenko will meet Trump on Tuesday,"KIEV (Reuters) - Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko will meet U.S. President Donald Trump in Washington on Tuesday for talks on security, political and economic issues, Poroshenko’s office said. “It is very important that my meeting, as the Ukrainian president, in the White House will be earlier than (Russian President Vladimir) Putin’s meeting,” it quoted Poroshenko, who is already in the United States, as saying. It will be their first meeting since Trump took office on Jan. 20. Poroshenko said that he also would meet top officials from  the State Department, ministries of defence, trade and energy. “There never was such a powerful visit. And precisely in order to have the opportunity to talk about our cooperation in the security, political and economic spheres”, he added. Poroshenko praised the U.S. Senate for the decision to  introduce new sanctions against Russia, saying that sanctions were a civilized mechanism “to force the aggressor to get away from Ukraine”, withdraw troops and equipment.  Last week, the U.S. Senate voted overwhelmingly for new sanctions punishing Russia for meddling in the 2016 U.S. election and to force Trump to get Congress’ approval before easing any existing sanctions. The move was intended to punish Russia over issues including alleged meddling in the election, which Moscow denies, annexation of Ukraine’s Crimea region and support for the government of Syria in that country’s six-year-long civil war. The Minsk peace agreement, brokered by France and Germany and signed by Russia and Ukraine in February 2015, calls for a ceasefire, the withdrawal of heavy weapons from the front line and constitutional reform to give eastern Ukraine more autonomy. ",1
3125,Supreme Court to hear major case on political boundaries,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Supreme Court agreed on Monday to decide whether the U.S. Constitution limits how far lawmakers can go to redraw voting districts to favor one political party over another in a case that could have huge consequences for American elections. The high court has been willing to invalidate state electoral maps on the grounds of racial discrimination, as it did on May 22 when it found that Republican legislators in North Carolina had drawn two electoral districts to diminish the statewide political clout of black voters. But the justices have not thrown out state electoral maps drawn simply to give one party an advantage over another. The justices will take up Wisconsin’s appeal of a lower court ruling last November that state Republican lawmakers violated the Constitution when they created state legislative districts with the partisan aim of hobbling Democrats in legislative races. The case will be one of the biggest heard by the Supreme Court during its term that begins in October. The case involves a long-standing practice known as gerrymandering, a term meaning manipulating electoral boundaries for an unfair political advantage. The lower court ruled that the Republican-led legislature’s redrawing of state legislative districts in 2011 amounted to “an unconstitutional partisan gerrymander.” A panel of three federal judges in Madison ruled 2-1 that the way the Republicans redrew the districts violated the U.S. Constitution’s guarantees of equal protection under the law and free speech by undercutting the ability of Democratic voters to turn their votes into seats in Wisconsin’s legislature. In a possible sign of deep ideological divisions among the nine justices over the issue, the court’s conservative majority granted Wisconsin’s request, despite opposition from the four liberal justices, to put on hold the lower court’s order requiring the state to redraw its electoral maps by Nov. 1. That means Wisconsin will not need to put in place a new electoral map while the justices consider the matter. A Supreme Court ruling faulting the Wisconsin redistricting plan could have far-reaching consequences for the redrawing of electoral districts due after the 2020 U.S. census. State and federal legislative district boundaries are reconfigured every decade after the census so that each one holds about same number of people, but are sometimes draw in a way that packs voters who tend to favor a particular party into certain districts so as to diminish their statewide voting power. Wisconsin Republican Attorney General Brad Schimel welcomed the justices’ decision to hear the state’s appeal and called the state’s redistricting process “entirely lawful and constitutional.” The case in the short term could affect congressional maps in about half a dozen states and legislative maps in about 10 states, before having major implications for the post-2020 redistricting, according to the New York University School of Law’s Brennan Center for Justice. “Wisconsin’s gerrymander was one of the most aggressive of the decade, locking in a large and implausibly stable majority for Republicans in what is otherwise a battleground state,” said Brennan Center redistricting expert Thomas Wolf. “It’s a symptom of politics going haywire and something that we increasingly see when one party has sole control of the redistricting process.” Justice Anthony Kennedy, a conservative who sometimes sides with the court’s liberals in major cases, could cast the decisive vote. Kennedy, writing in a 2004 case, indicated he may be open to the idea that racial gerrymanders could violate the Constitution. Though a “workable standard” defining it did not exist, he suggested one might emerge in a future case. Democrats have accused Republicans of taking improper actions at the state level to suppress the turnout of minority voters and others who tend to support Democrats and maximize the number of party members in state legislatures and the U.S. House of Representatives. Republicans call their actions lawful. Republicans control the U.S. Congress. They also have majorities in an all-time high of 69 of 99 state legislative chambers, according to the Republican State Leadership Committee. After winning control of the state legislature in 2010, Wisconsin Republicans redrew the statewide electoral map. They were able to amplify Republican voting power, gaining more seats than their percentage of the statewide vote would suggest. In 2012, Republicans received about 49 percent of the vote but won 60 of the 99 state Assembly seats. In 2014, the party garnered 52 percent of the vote and 63 Assembly seats. A dozen Wisconsin Democratic Party voters in 2015 sued state election officials, saying the redistricting divided Democratic voters in some areas and packed them in others to dilute their electoral clout and benefit Republican candidates.  The lower court found that redistricting efforts are unlawful partisan gerrymandering when they seek to entrench the party in power, and have no other legitimate justification.  The state argues recent election results favoring Republicans were “a reflection of Wisconsin’s natural political geography,” with Democrats concentrated in urban areas like Milwaukee and Madison.  ",1
3126,White House discussing moving Spicer to new communications role: official,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House is considering shifting press secretary Sean Spicer away from the daily spokesman job and into a new communications role but no such move is believed imminent, a senior White House official said on Monday. Spicer has been a frequent target of criticism for his performance at the White House lectern during daily news briefings, although President Donald Trump has stood by him through a variety of controversies. Spicer, who was the Republican National Committee’s senior strategist during the presidential campaign last year, is currently doing double duty as press secretary and communications director after the previous communications director, Michael Dubke, resigned May 30. The senior White House official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said discussions about some changes in the communications department have been going on for some time. “I don’t think anything is imminent,” the official said. “No decisions have been made. There is nothing definitive.” Trump has privately vented to aides on occasion about the communications team and the need to have more people defending him on television. The White House has been looking at ways to improve on this front. “We have sought input from many people as we look to expand our communications operation. As he did in the beginning, Sean Spicer is managing both the communications and press office,” said White House deputy press secretary Sarah Sanders. Spicer has been doing fewer briefings and not as many of them before the TV cameras in recent weeks as he and his team have adjusted to Trump’s tendency to be his own spokesman through his tweets and public comments. He and his team have also stopped commenting on a special counsel’s investigation into Russian meddling into last year’s presidential election. On Monday, Spicer conducted an off-camera session with reporters. Sanders has been Spicer’s stand-in at the lectern on several occasions and would likely be considered a potential successor to Spicer. But Trump has also been intrigued in the past by the possibility of hiring conservative talk radio host Laura Ingraham as his press secretary. ",1
3127,"In Georgia, costliest U.S. House race hits ugly note as election looms","ATLANTA (Reuters) - The costliest U.S. congressional race in history will be decided on Tuesday in suburban Atlanta, where America’s divisive political climate has been on display in an election seen by some analysts as a political test for President Donald Trump. Days after a lone gunman opened fire on U.S. lawmakers at a baseball team practice in Virginia, a conservative group was running a TV ad in Atlanta that, with no evidence, appears to link the Democratic candidate, Jon Ossoff, to the shooting spree. Ossoff called the ad “shameful” in a statement. The Atlanta Journal-Constitution newspaper reported that Ossoff’s Republican opponent, Karen Handel, also condemned the ad. It was an ugly, last-minute twist in the Ossoff-Handel contest for the U.S. House of Representatives seat vacated by Tom Price, who resigned after becoming Trump’s secretary of the Health and Human Services Department. Total spending in the Georgia race for all candidates has topped $56 million, including tens of millions by outside groups, according to the Center for Responsive Politics, a campaign finance watchdog in Washington, D.C., easily topping the previous record of $29.5 million set in a 2012 Florida race. Out of the total, $51.9 million has been spent on Handel and Ossoff, the Center for Responsive Politics said. Envelopes containing a white powder turned up last week in the home mailboxes of Handel and a few neighbors, prompting a probe by the Federal Bureau of Investigation. The Washington Post reported that the powder was only baking soda and both candidates now are traveling with bodyguards. The district spans affluent and increasingly diverse suburbs north of Atlanta. It has elected Republicans for decades, but Trump carried it by only 1 percentage point in 2016. Ossoff, 30, initially drew national attention with the slogan “Make Trump Furious,” inspiring volunteers from as far away as Oregon to knock on doors and make phone calls for him. Handel, a 55-year-old former Georgia secretary of state, has painted Ossoff as an inexperienced tool of national liberal interests who does not live in the district he hopes to represent. Like Ossoff, Handel rarely mentions Trump. Whatever the outcome, the race will not significantly alter the balance of power in Washington, where Republicans control the House by a wide margin. But victory could provide a blueprint for Democrats on how to win outside of their urban, coastal strongholds.  Democrats fell short in special House elections earlier this year in Kansas and Montana, in districts that Trump won by double-digits. Also on Tuesday is a race in South Carolina, which Republicans are expected to win handily, for a replacement for Republican Mick Mulvaney, now Trump’s budget director. ",1
3128,Democratic lawmakers press Flynn on Middle East trips,"(Reuters) - Democratic lawmakers investigating fired national security adviser Michael Flynn’s security clearance said Monday they could not find the hotel Flynn said he stayed at during a 2015 trip to Saudi Arabia or any record of a conference he reported attending. In a letter to companies for which Flynn worked, U.S. Representatives Elijah Cummings and Eliot Engel requested documents related to Flynn’s work in Saudi Arabia, Russia and other countries. They said Flynn had not accurately reported his foreign travels and contacts in a 2016 application to renew his security clearance. Cummings is the ranking Democrat on the House of Representatives’ Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. Engel is the ranking Democrat on the House Committee on Foreign Affairs. Flynn’s work for foreign interests has taken center stage in a broad federal investigation into the ties between President Donald Trump’s associates and Russia and other countries during and after the 2016 election. While Flynn disclosed an October 2015 trip to Saudi Arabia, Cummings and Engel said Flynn omitted key details and said they could not identify any conference he may have attended or find the hotel he reported staying at during the trip. The two lawmakers said they were most troubled by the lack of any Flynn record identifying “even a single foreign government official he had contact with in the seven years prior to submitting his security clearance application.” Cummings and Engel also cited a recent Newsweek report which said Flynn took a trip to the Middle East in the summer of 2015 in pursuit of a joint U.S.-Russian venture to develop nuclear facilities, in a deal to be financed by Saudi Arabia. “If this press report is accurate, General Flynn’s failure to report this trip and any contacts with foreign government officials about this Saudi-Russian nuclear proposal appears to be a potential violation” of a law against making false statements to federal officials, the letter said. ",1
3129,"In House race in Georgia, Democrats look for new path to power","DUNWOODY, Ga. (Reuters) - Democrat Jon Ossoff no longer talks about making President Donald Trump furious. But he may be on the verge of doing just that. Ossoff, a political newcomer who launched his congressional campaign in the Republican-leaning northern suburbs of Atlanta by urging supporters to “make Trump furious,” now speaks in the measured tones of a moderate consensus builder and rarely mentions the president by name. Local economic development and cutting wasteful government spending are Ossoff’s talking points in a race against Republican Karen Handel that has shattered records as the most expensive congressional contest in U.S. history. Polls show it is headed for a tight finish in Tuesday’s special election. An Ossoff victory would rattle Republicans already nervous about next year’s congressional midterm elections, and offer Democrats a template on how to campaign in suburban swing districts as they try to erase the 24-seat Republican majority in the House of Representatives. “It would send a very strong message across the country that we can win these kinds of seats,” said Representative Dan Kildee, a Michigan Democrat who campaigned with Ossoff in Georgia this week. Democrats have much riding on the outcome. On the surface, conditions seem ripe for a nationwide Democratic renaissance, with a historically unpopular Republican president entangled in an investigation for possible obstruction of justice and the Republican agenda largely stalled in Congress. But Democrats lost two special House elections earlier this year in conservative Kansas and Montana districts that Trump won by double digits last November. A failure in a more competitive district in Georgia, which Trump carried by just 1 percentage point, would be a morale killer for a party that has struggled to develop a coherent message beyond “We’re not the party of Trump.” Democrats have steadily lost ground in recent years in state and local races. Republicans not only control the White House and both chambers of Congress, but also hold 33 governor’s offices, the most in nearly a century. Infighting between grass-roots progressives and the party’s more mainstream wing has plagued Democrats, who have appeared increasingly vulnerable to Republican attacks portraying them as coastal elites out of touch with working-class Americans. Ossoff’s “Make Trump Furious” slogan quickly endeared him to national anti-Trump activists and pushed him well ahead of 17 rivals in polls in April’s non-partisan primary in a district represented by Republicans for decades. It wasn’t enough. The 30-year-old former congressional staffer and documentary filmmaker fell just short of a majority, and outright victory, forcing a closely watched run-off against Handel for the House seat vacated by Tom Price, the new secretary of health and human services who was first elected to the House in 2004.  But the grassroots enthusiasm has made Ossoff a fundraising machine. He raised a stunning $24 million by the end of May, five times the amount raised by Handel, a former Georgia secretary of state. Republican outside groups have helped her make up some of the difference, spending nearly $9 million on her behalf, according to fundraising reports. Total spending has approached $40 million, obliterating the previous record of $30 million for a Florida congressional race in 2012. While he benefits from the grassroots anti-Trump fervor, Ossoff has deliberately avoided making the race a referendum on Trump. On the campaign trail and in ads, he promises to work with Republicans and focuses on his plans to bolster local economic development, protect access to healthcare, particularly for women, and cut wasteful spending to pay for new priorities. Ossoff said voters in the district are not demanding that he lead an anti-Trump resistance. “I think voters are more concerned with accountability and results than they are with political drama,” he said in an interview after a meeting with millennial supporters. While voters’ concerns about the administration have grown, he said, “Fundamentally what folks are looking for is representation that will work across the aisle to deliver a higher quality of life.” Handel, who also rarely mentions Trump and has argued that the race should be about who has the values and experience to best serve the district, says Ossoff is misrepresenting himself. “He’s trying to portray himself as something that he is not. He is Nancy Pelosi’s hand-picked candidate,” Handel told reporters this week after greeting diners at a local hamburger restaurant, repeating a line about House Democratic leader Pelosi that has featured prominently in attack ads against Ossoff by outside groups. “He is an ultra-liberal. His values do not align with this district,” she said. Some of her supporters agree. Terry Anderson, 67, a retired IT worker from Cobb County, said he did not believe Ossoff was sincere. “He sounds more like a moderate Republican all the time,” he said. But Brenda Carswell, 61, a retired American Express employee from the city of Tucker who said she typically has switched back and forth between Republicans and Democrats - “I’ve voted for some Bushes and I’ve voted for some Clintons” - said she is backing Ossoff. “He’s been mostly discussing issues that people care about. The problems in our area are more important than most of what they talk about in Washington,” she said. Trump, who visited Georgia to raise money for Handel in late April, is watching closely. On Twitter, he criticized Ossoff, and after Ossoff was forced into a runoff he crowed that Democrats “failed in Kansas and are now failing in Georgia.” Trump called the race “Hollywood vs. Georgia.” Several recent polls have given Ossoff a slight edge heading into Tuesday, while showing that there are few voters who are still undecided. Democrats say the increasingly diverse area exemplifies the sort of educated and affluent suburban district that Democrats will need to win to recapture the House. Georgia-based Democratic strategist Tharon Johnson said Ossoff’s non-ideological messaging should be a model for a party that needs moderates, independents and disaffected Republicans next year. “He’s done a good job of positioning himself as a sensible Democrat,” he said. “He doesn’t need to tell voters what is wrong with Trump - people see the drama and the problems every day.” ",1
3130,Mueller team lawyer brings witness-flipping expertise to Trump probes,"(Reuters) - A veteran federal prosecutor recruited onto special counsel Robert Mueller’s team is known for a skill that may come in handy in the investigation of potential ties between Russia and U.S. President Donald Trump’s 2016 campaign team: persuading witnesses to turn on friends, colleagues and superiors. Andrew Weissmann, who headed the U.S. Justice Department’s criminal fraud section before joining Mueller’s team last month, is best known for two assignments - the investigation of now-defunct energy company Enron and organized crime cases in Brooklyn, New York - that depended heavily on gaining witness cooperation. Securing the cooperation of people close to Trump, many of whom have been retaining their own lawyers, could be important for Mueller, who was named by the Justice Department as special counsel on May 17 and is investigating, among other issues, whether Trump himself has sought to obstruct justice. Trump has denied allegations of both collusion and obstruction.  “Flipping” witnesses is a common, although not always successful, tactic in criminal prosecutions. Robert Ray, who succeeded Kenneth Starr as the independent counsel examining former President Bill Clinton, noted that Trump’s fired former national security advisor, Michael Flynn, has already offered through his lawyer to testify before Congress in exchange for immunity, suggesting potential willingness to cooperate as a witness. “It would seem to me the time is now to make some decisions about what you have and what leverage can be applied to get the things you don’t have,” Ray said, referring to Mueller’s team. Trump, Vice President Mike Pence, Trump’s son-in-law Jared Kushner and others close to the president already have hired their own lawyers to help navigate Mueller’s expanding probe and ongoing congressional investigations. Kathryn Ruemmler, who served as White House counsel under former President Barack Obama, said Weissmann is willing to take risks to secure witness testimony that other prosecutors might not. Ruemmler worked with Weissmann on the Justice Department’s Enron task force that investigated the massive corporate fraud that led to the company’s 2001 collapse.  Ruemmler recalled that Weissmann had a hunch that former Enron treasurer Ben Glisan would be willing to talk despite already having pleaded guilty without agreeing to cooperate. So Weissmann had U.S. marshals bring Glisan before the grand jury from prison, Ruemmler said.  Other prosecutors might have feared Glisan’s testimony could contradict their theory of the case, Ruemmler said, but Weissmann’s gamble paid off when the former executive became a key witness. “He’s not afraid to lose, and that is sometimes an unusual quality,” Ruemmler said of Weissmann. Weissmann also led lengthy negotiations with lawyers for Andrew Fastow, Enron’s former chief financial officer and a star prosecution witness in the case, gaining leverage from the fact that prosecutors had indicted Fastow’s wife, also a former Enron employee, on tax fraud charges. Both pleaded guilty, and Fastow testified against former Enron CEO Jeffrey Skilling, who was convicted in 2006. Fastow declined to comment. Glisan could not be reached for comment. Representatives for Mueller and the Trump legal team declined to comment. Critics have said say Weissmann’s hardball approach can lead to prosecutorial overreach. A number of Enron convictions were overturned on appeal, and Skilling’s 24-year sentence was later reduced by 10 years. Defense lawyer Tom Kirkendall, who represented clients related to the Enron case, said the task force intimidated witnesses and misinterpreted the law. But Sam Buell, a former prosecutor who was a member of the Enron task force, called such criticism routine in high-stakes cases. Mueller has several other highly experienced lawyers on his team, including U.S. Deputy Solicitor General Michael Dreeben. Trump has also been building a legal team led by New York lawyer Marc Kasowitz, with veteran Washington defense lawyer John Dowd recently coming aboard. Before his work relating to Enron, Weissmann served as a federal prosecutor in the organized crime bureau in Brooklyn. In 1997, he and trial partner George Stamboulidis brought down one of the country’s most powerful mob bosses, Vincent “the Chin” Gigante, with the help of turncoat witnesses. “We cut our teeth in the organized crime section,” said Stamboulidis, now in private practice. “And the only way you can make those cases is to get people to cooperate, even when the oath of Omerta (a Mafia code of silence and non-cooperation with authorities) was strong and in full play.” ",1
3131,House speaker optimistic on tax reform prospects this year: source,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The top Republican in the U.S. House of Representatives is expected to reassure business leaders on Tuesday that tax reform is on track for this year, despite repeated delays and a string of political distractions from President Donald Trump. In what is billed as a major speech, House Speaker Paul Ryan will seek to dispel the notion that tax reform is adrift by describing what a U.S. tax code overhaul will look like, according to a source close to Ryan’s office.  The speaker will emphasize the importance of permanent reforms and reject the notion that legislation should do little more than reduce tax rates, the source said. He will underscore the need for international corporate tax reforms in remarks to the National Association of Manufacturers. Aides said he is not expected to delve into the details of tax proposals. The Wisconsin Republican delivered a similar optimistic message to lobbyists and campaign donors in Virginia over the weekend, adding that he expected Congress to finalize legislation to dismantle Obamacare by mid-summer, according to a source familiar with the Speaker’s comments. Originally expected to unveil tax reform legislation in the spring, Republicans are under pressure from business lobbyists to make good on campaign pledges to reform the tax code and pass healthcare legislation. Lawmakers also need legislative victories to stave off Democratic challenges in next year’s congressional mid-term elections.          “What Ryan needs to do is refocus folks on the rationale for having tax reform, not just the political rationale, but the economic rationale,” said Jeff Kupfer, a former economic adviser to President George W. Bush. Markets have been anticipating lower taxes. Major stock indexes have hit multiple record highs from Trump’s election to the end of the first quarter, on bets he would improve economic growth by cutting taxes and boosting infrastructure spending. The tax reform debate has largely moved behind closed doors, where Ryan is trying to hammer out an agreement with Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, White House economic adviser Gary Cohn and Republican chairmen of the two congressional tax committees. The aim is to unveil tax reform legislation in September.  Outside those discussions, lawmakers have begun to talk about legislation that would do little more than cut taxes, with temporary reductions financed by the federal deficit. ",1
3132,Cuba calls Trump speech on island 'grotesque spectacle',"VIENNA (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump’s speech on Cuba was a “grotesque spectacle,” but the island’s government will continue working towards better relations with the majority of Americans who back detente, Cuban Foreign Minister Bruno Rodriguez said on Monday. Trump announced a partial rollback of the normalization of relations with Cuba on Friday in Miami, the heartland of Cuban exiles, in a theater named after the leader of the failed U.S.-backed Bay of Pigs invasion of the island in 1961. “It was a grotesque spectacle straight from the Cold War,” Rodriguez said in Vienna, during a tour of European countries, in a news conference broadcast live in Cuba. Trump’s speech before an audience that included people Cuba considers terrorists, included dramatic flourishes like a Cuban- American exile playing the U.S. national anthem on his violin. The U.S. president stopped short of breaking diplomatic relations with Cuba, restored in 2015 after more than five decades of hostility and leaves many recent agreements between the two countries intact. However, it will tighten restrictions on Americans traveling to the Caribbean island, hurting the booming Cuban tourism industry and clamp down on U.S. business dealings with Cuba’s military. “It is necessary to wait for the U.S. government to announce regulations that implement these measures before opining on their reach and depth,” Rodriguez said. He added, however, that they would inevitably hit U.S. companies and citizens by restricting their ability to invest in or travel to Cuba, while also hurting the Cuban people. “It will wreak economic damage not just on Cuba’s state companies but also on the cooperatives and private sector workers,” he said.  Moody’s Investor Service released a report on Monday saying the U.S. revision of its Cuban policy was “credit negative” for the island, coming at a time when the country was already suffering liquidity problems due to weakening economic support from its crisis-wracked ally Venezuela. The Cuban foreign minister said Trump’s hope of separating the people from the military, who were simply “the people in uniform,” was “infantile.”    ‘On the contrary, these measures reinforce our patriotism, our dignity and our decision to defend national independence by all means,” he said. Meanwhile, the partial rollback of the detente would fall flat with the majority of Americans, who supported the normalization of relations with Cuba, and with whom the country would continue working, Rodriguez added. In response to Trump’s demand to return fugitives sought by the United States, Rodriguez said Cuba considered them fighters for civil liberties.  “These persons will not be returned to the United States,” he said. ",1
3133,U.S. defense chief to meet Turkish counterpart in Europe,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis will again meet his Turkish counterpart next week in Europe, the top U.S. general said on Monday, describing regular U.S. efforts to address Turkish concerns over a U.S. decision to arm Kurdish fighters in Syria. U.S. Marine General Joseph Dunford, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, said Mattis also wrote a detailed letter to Turkey last week to provide a “routine update” on U.S. efforts in Syria.  ",1
3134,Trump lawyer says president not informed he is under investigation,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - One of President Donald Trump’s personal lawyers said in television interviews on Sunday that the president was not under investigation for obstruction of justice, but when pressed on the assertion, said he was not certain. “The fact of the matter is the president has not been and is not under investigation,” Jay Sekulow, a new member of Trump’s legal team, said on CBS’ “Face the Nation” in one of four interviews he gave on Sunday. There have been multiple news reports and a tweet from Trump himself on Friday that began with: “I am being investigated.” Challenged on “Fox News Sunday” about the issue, Sekulow said he could not be certain Trump was not under investigation but that no one had notified the legal team if that was the case.  It is common for subjects of federal investigations not to know they are under scrutiny, especially in the initial phases.  A source familiar with the Mueller probe said on Thursday that investigators would have to gather a large amount of evidence before an interview with the president would be warranted.  Trump, who has denied any collusion between his campaign and Russia, has frequently lashed out about the allegations, which have overshadowed his administration’s efforts to overhaul the healthcare system, cut taxes and boost jobs. Mueller, the special counsel named by the Justice Department to probe the Russia matter, is investigating whether anyone associated with Trump or his campaign had any illegal dealings with Russian officials or others with ties to the Kremlin. Russian officials have denied meddling in the U.S. election. The source familiar with the Mueller probe told Reuters that Mueller was also examining whether Trump or others tried to interfere with the investigation. Sekulow said that Trump, in his tweet, was reacting to a story in the Washington Post, which was the first to report  Mueller was examining whether Trump had tried to obstruct the probe by firing FBI Director James Comey in May. Sekulow acknowledged that he could not be certain that the report was false. “I cannot read the mind of the special prosecutor,” he said.  Peter Carr, a spokesman for the Mueller team, declined to comment. Sekulow, a conservative activist and radio talk-show host, earlier this month joined Trump’s legal team, which is led by Marc Kasowitz.  Sekulow has publicly criticized Comey, whom Trump fired.  In addition to being the author of several books such as “Undemocratic: How unelected, unaccountable bureaucrats are stealing your liberty and freedom,” Sekulow is the chief counsel for the American Center for Law and Justice, a politically conservative Christian organization. Barak Cohen, a former Justice Department lawyer and now a defense attorney specializing in white-collar crime and investigations, said there was no requirement that the special counsel notify Trump he was under investigation, so the lack of such notice meant nothing. He said, however, that Sekulow’s comments could mean the White House was taking the position that no investigation exists until Mueller’s team officially confirms it, disregarding media reports based on anonymous sourcing. Cohen said the first official communication that a target is under investigation typically comes when prosecutors begin requesting documents and other evidence. At that time, defense lawyers often will ask about their clients’ status. Prosecutors will often answer then to avoid misleading the target. They may not answer if they are trying to build a case and develop further evidence. “No answer is probably the most troubling answer in criminal defense,” Cohen said. ",1
3135,U.S. top court will not review Ohio 'perfect' ballot law,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday left in place a lower court’s ruling that barred private citizens from suing Ohio for allegedly impeding their ability to vote by requiring ballot forms to be filled out perfectly. The justices declined to review the ruling that dismissed claims by Ohio’s Democratic Party and homeless rights groups that the state’s “perfect form” law, which invalidates ballots for even minor errors, deprived thousands of people of their right to vote, violating the federal Voting Rights Act. Such suits must be filed by the federal government, not private citizens, that court held.  The Northeast Ohio Coalition for the Homeless in Cleveland, the Columbus Coalition for the Homeless and the state Democratic Party challenged a pair of 2014 laws. Those laws required county election boards to reject absentee and provisional ballots unless voters had properly and completely filled out the forms that come with the ballots, including with their name, address, birth date and signature.  Ballots were rejected even if the voter’s identity could be determined despite the errors, the plaintiffs told the justices in legal papers. Some were thrown out for omitting zip codes, using cursive writing instead of print, or writing in the current date instead of a birth date, they said, disenfranchising thousands of voters in recent elections, especially minorities.  The plaintiffs claimed the laws were unconstitutional, violating voters’ rights to due process and equal protection under the law. They also alleged the laws violated a provision of the Voting Rights Act that outlaws voter disqualification for errors that are “not material” to determining voter eligibility. Last September the Cincinnati-based 6th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals found the laws to be mostly legal, striking down only the requirement that absentee voters accurately provide their full address and birth date. The court also said the Voting Rights Act provision at issue could only be enforced by the U.S. attorney general, and lawsuits by private parties were barred.  ",1
3136,Republicans debating remedies for corporate tax avoidance,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump and Republican leaders in Congress will soon confront a complex challenge for tax reform: how to limit U.S. corporate tax avoidance schemes that take advantage of low tax rates in foreign countries. Congressional and administration staff have begun to examine options to address profit-shifting schemes that include so-called transfer pricing, earnings stripping and tax inversions.  A decision on how to handle these in tax legislation could come before Congress leaves town for its one-week July 4 recess on June 29, officials and lobbyists said. Lawmakers say the current tax code incentivizes profit shifting overseas because of the high 35 percent U.S. corporate income tax rate and rules that allow companies to hold profits abroad tax free until returned to U.S. soil. Without effective measures against tax avoidance, experts and lobbyists said tax legislation could trigger a new exodus of income and assets abroad. Because Trump and Republicans in Congress also want to end U.S. taxes on foreign earnings, companies could eliminate their U.S. tax bills altogether without restrictions.   Tax reduction strategies have been employed for decades by companies including Microsoft Corp (MSFT.O), Apple Inc (AAPL.O) and Amazon.com Inc (AMZN.O). Independent analysts estimate the federal government misses out on more than $100 billion a year in corporate tax revenues as a result of tax reduction maneuvers. That is equal to one-third of the $300 billion in annual corporate tax revenues. Many schemes seek lower corporate tax bills through “transfer pricing” - using transactions between business units to shift income abroad. The shift often coincides with the transfer of intangible assets such as intellectual property to low-tax nations where companies can expect single-digit tax rates.   Last week, Senate Finance Committee Democrats asked Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin to leave in place regulations adopted under President Barack Obama to combat earnings stripping and tax inversions. Companies use earnings stripping to shift income abroad as tax-deductible interest payments to foreign affiliates. Inversions are international mergers in which U.S. companies move their headquarters to foreign countries with low taxes, if only on paper, to lower their U.S. tax bills. Companies have accumulated some $2.6 trillion in abroad, equivalent to more than three-quarters of the $3.3 trillion in annual government receipts expected this year. BORDER-ADJUSTMENT TAX But the most effective measures against corporate tax avoidance schemes, including House Speaker Paul Ryan’s controversial border-adjustment tax, or BAT, have proved unpopular, raising the possibility that tax legislation could simply cut the corporate tax rate to 15 percent to reduce the advantages offered by foreign tax havens. Aside from BAT, which taxes imports but not exports, tax reform discussions are also looking at a minimum tax on profits from tax havens, a tax on intangible income and other measures to discourage companies from shifting profits to low-tax countries where they do little actual business, according to aides and lobbyists. Lobbyists said none of the options have enjoyed consensus support in Congress. Meanwhile, the idea of a simple rate cut does not sit well with House Republican leaders.   “Even with a low rate, we’ll continue to see U.S. jobs and research and headquarters move overseas,” said House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady, a leading BAT proponent. Experts warn that the 15 percent rate sought by Trump is well above a 5 percent effective rate that some corporations pay in countries like Ireland, the Netherlands and Luxembourg. Brady and Ryan are expected to address the issue in coming weeks with Mnuchin, White House economic adviser Gary Cohn, Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell and Senate Finance Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch. The six are trying to forge legislation that could be unveiled as early as September. Trump has pledged the biggest tax overhaul since Ronald Reagan. But Republican infighting over healthcare has delayed the timetable. ",1
3137,"Russia criticizes U.S. for 'anti-Cuban' approach, says it sides with Cuba","MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Russian Foreign Ministry said on Sunday that “anti-Cuban” actions recently announced by Washington were regrettable and that Moscow confirmed its solidarity with Havana. The ministry also said that the new approach toward Cuba by the U.S. administration resembles a “Cold war rhetoric”. U.S. President Donald Trump on Friday ordered tighter restrictions on Americans traveling to Cuba and a clampdown on U.S. business dealings with the Caribbean island’s military, saying he was cancelling former President Barack Obama’s “terrible and misguided deal” liberalizing ties with Havana. ",1
3138,Milwaukee County sheriff rescinds Homeland Security job: media,"(Reuters) - Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke, an African-American who became a staunch critic of the Black Lives Matter movement and a supporter of Donald Trump’s presidential campaign, has withdrawn his acceptance for a job as assistant secretary of the Department of Homeland Security, U.S. newspapers reported on Saturday. Clarke notified Secretary of Homeland Security John Kelly on Friday of his decision, Craig Peterson, an adviser to Clarke, said in a statement, according to the Washington Post and other newspapers. “Sheriff Clarke is 100 percent committed to the success of President Trump and believes his skills could be better utilized to promote the president’s agenda in a more aggressive role,” the newspapers quoted Peterson as saying. Neither the agency nor Clarke’s office immediately responded to requests for comment. Clarke’s decision comes a month after he told radio station WISN in Milwaukee that he would leave his post as sheriff in June to join the Department of Homeland Security.  At the time, a spokeswoman for the agency said no announcement on Clarke had been made. President Trump and Clarke met in Wisconsin on Tuesday and discussed other roles in which Clarke could help advance Trump’s agenda, the Washington Post reported, citing Peterson. The Department of Homeland Security - created after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks on New York and the Pentagon - includes agencies that handle customs, border protection and immigration, the Coast Guard, the Transportation Security Administration and the Secret Service. Clarke has come under fire for comments he has made about the Black Lives Matter movement, which grew out of protests over a number of police killings of unarmed black men in various parts of the United States. Clarke has labeled members of the movement “subhuman creeps” and called for its eradication.  Clarke spoke in support of Trump at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland last July. Critics have faulted Clarke for his management of a Milwaukee County jail where a mentally ill man died in 2016 of dehydration. An inquest jury recommended that seven employees of the jail be criminally charged. Democratic Senator Kamala Harris of California called Clarke’s appointment “a disgrace.” ",1
3139,Representative Scalise's condition upgraded to 'serious' after shooting,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Representative Steve Scalise, the No. 3 Republican in the House of Representatives, showed further improvement days after being shot by a man who opened fire on lawmakers at a baseball practice earlier in the week, his lead surgeon said in a statement on Saturday. Scalise’s condition was upgraded to “serious,” from “critical” after undergoing another surgery on Saturday, according to a statement from Dr. Jack Sava, the director of trauma at the MedStar Washington Hospital Center. “He is more responsive and is speaking with his loved ones,” the doctor said. Scalise, 51, sustained injuries to internal organs, broken bones and severe bleeding after being shot in his left hip early on Wednesday at a baseball field in a suburb of Washington. Four men, including Scalise, a police officer, a congressional aide and a lobbyist, were shot and wounded when a man identified as James Hodgkinson, opened fire on the lawmakers as they practiced for an annual charity baseball game between Republicans and Democrats. Sava earlier said the Louisiana congressman had been at “imminent risk of death” when he was first brought into the hospital on Wednesday, and he received many units of transfused blood. Hodgkinson 66, who was from the St. Louis suburb of Belleville, Illinois, died after being shot by police.    ",1
3140,"Trump owes lenders at least $315 million, disclosure shows","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump had personal liabilities of at least $315.6 million to German, U.S. and other lenders as of mid-2017, according to a federal financial disclosure form released late on Friday by the U.S. Office of Government Ethics. He had roughly $20 million in income from his new marquee Washington hotel, which opened just down the street from the White House last September. Revenues also increased at Mar-a-Lago, the Florida resort known as the “Winter White House.” Trump reported income of at least $594 million for 2016 and early 2017 and assets worth at least $1.4 billion. (bit.ly/2sah0ZM) The 98-page disclosure document posted on the ethics office’s  website showed liabilities for Trump of at least $130 million to Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas [DBKGK.UL], a unit of German-based Deutsche Bank AG. For example, Trump disclosed a liability to Deutsche exceeding $50 million for the Old Post Office, a historic Washington property where he has opened a hotel.  Trump reported liabilities of at least $110 million to Ladder Capital Corp , a commercial real estate lender with offices in New York, Los Angeles and Boca Raton, Florida. The largest component of Trump’s income was $115.9 million listed as golf-resort related revenues from Trump National Doral in Miami, down from $132 million he reported a year ago. Income from many of his other hotels and resorts largely held steady. Revenue from Trump Corporation, his real-estate management company, nearly tripled, to $18 million, and revenue from Mar-a-Lago grew by 25 percent, to $37.25 million. The private club doubled its initiation fee to $200,000 after Trump’s election. He earned $11 million from the Miss Universe pageant, after selling the beauty contest back in 2015.  Revenue from television shows like “The Apprentice” fell to $1.1 million, down from $6 million a year earlier. His assets probably exceeded $1.4 billion because the disclosure form provided ranges of values. The document showed Trump held officer positions in 565 corporations or other entities before becoming U.S. president. His tenure in most of those posts ended on Jan. 19, the day before his inauguration, and in others in 2015 and 2016. Most of the entities involved were based in the United States, with a handful in Scotland, Ireland, Canada, Brazil, Bermuda and elsewhere. Trump has refused to release his tax returns, which would give a much clearer indication of his wealth and business interests. But he has submitted federal forms disclosing his and his family’s income, assets and liabilities. “President Trump welcomed the opportunity to voluntarily file his personal financial disclosure form,” the White House said in a statement, adding that the form was “certified by the Office of Government Ethics pursuant to its normal procedures.” An Office of Government Ethics spokesman declined to comment on the contents of the report, other than to say that it was certified by the office, which is an ethics watchdog for federal government employees. Trump released a disclosure form in May 2016 that his campaign at the time said showed his net worth was $10 billion. Some critics disputed that figure as overblown. Before taking office in January, Trump was a New York real estate developer and television celebrity. ",1
3141,Trump rolls back parts of what he calls 'terrible' Obama Cuba policy,"MIAMI (Reuters) - President Donald Trump on Friday ordered tighter restrictions on Americans traveling to Cuba and a clampdown on U.S. business dealings with the Caribbean island’s military, saying he was canceling former President Barack Obama’s “terrible and misguided deal” with Havana. Laying out his new Cuba policy in a speech in Miami, Trump  signed a presidential directive rolling back parts of Obama’s historic opening to the Communist-ruled country after a 2014 diplomatic breakthrough between the two former Cold War foes. But Trump left in place many of Obama’s changes, including the reopened U.S. embassy in Havana, even as he sought to show he was making good on a campaign promise to take a tougher line against Cuba, especially over its human rights record. “We will not be silent in the face of communist oppression any longer,” Trump told a cheering crowd in Miami’s Cuban-American enclave of Little Havana, including Republican Senator Marco Rubio of Florida, who helped forge the new restrictions on Cuba. “Effective immediately, I am canceling the last administration’s completely one-sided deal with Cuba,” Trump declared as he made a full-throated assault on the government of Cuban President Raul Castro. Cuba later denounced the move as a setback in U.S.-Cuban relations, saying Trump had been badly advised and was resorting to “coercive methods of the past” that were doomed to fail. The government remained willing to engage in “respectful dialogue,” it said in a statement. Trump’s revised approach calls for stricter enforcement of a longtime ban on Americans going to Cuba as tourists, and seeks to prevent U.S. dollars from being used to fund what the Trump administration sees as a repressive military-dominated government. (tmsnrt.rs/2rBfMTI) But, facing pressure from U.S. businesses and even some fellow Republicans to avoid turning back the clock completely in relations with Cuba, the president chose to leave intact some of his Democratic predecessor’s steps toward normalization.     The new policy bans most U.S. business transactions with the Armed Forces Business Enterprises Group, a Cuban conglomerate involved in all sectors of the economy. But it makes some exceptions, including for air and sea travel, according to U.S. officials. This will essentially shield U.S. airlines and cruise lines serving the island.  “We do not want U.S. dollars to prop up a military monopoly that exploits and abuses the citizens of Cuba,” Trump said, pledging that U.S. sanctions would not be lifted until Cuba frees political prisoners and holds free elections. While the changes are far-reaching, they appear to be less sweeping than many U.S. pro-engagement advocates had feared.     Trump based his partial reversal of Obama’s Cuba measures largely on human rights grounds. His critics, however, have questioned why his administration is now singling out Cuba for human rights abuses but downplaying the issue in other parts of the world, including Saudi Arabia, a close U.S. ally Trump visited last month where political parties and protests are banned. Trump, however, stopped short of breaking diplomatic relations restored in 2015 after more than five decades of hostilities. He also will not cut off recently resumed direct U.S.-Cuba commercial flights or cruise-ship travel, though his more restrictive policy seems certain to dampen new economic ties overall. The administration, according to one White House official, has no intention of “disrupting” existing business ventures such as one struck under Obama by Starwood Hotels Inc, which is owned by Marriott International Inc, to manage a historic Havana hotel.     Nor does Trump plan to reinstate limits that Obama lifted on the amount of the island’s coveted rum and cigars that Americans can bring home for personal use.     Still, it will be the latest attempt by Trump to overturn parts of Obama’s presidential legacy. He has already pulled the United States out of a major international climate treaty and is trying to scrap his predecessor’s landmark healthcare program. When Obama announced the detente in 2014, he said that decades of U.S. efforts to achieve change in Cuba by isolating the island had failed and it was time to try a new approach. Critics of the rapprochement said Obama was giving too much away without extracting concessions from the Cuban government. Castro’s government has clearly stated it does not intend to change its one-party political system. Trump aides say Obama’s efforts amounted to “appeasement” and have done nothing to advance political freedoms in Cuba, while benefiting the Cuban government financially. “It’s hard to think of a policy that makes less sense than the prior administration’s terrible and misguided deal with the Castro regime,” Trump said in Miami. International human rights groups say, however, that renewed U.S. efforts to isolate the island could worsen the situation by empowering Cuban hard-liners. The Cuban government, which has made clear it will not be pressured into reforms, had no immediate comment. But ordinary Cubans said they were crestfallen to be returning to an era of frostier relations with the United States with potential economic fallout for them. “It’s like we are returning to the Cold War,” said Cuban designer Idania del Rio, who joined a group of friends in a hotel in Old Havana to watch the speech in English on CNN. Trump announced his new approach at the Manuel Artime Theater in the heart of the United States’ largest Cuban-American and Cuban exile community, whose support aides believe helped him win Florida in the election. The venue is named after a leader of the failed U.S.-backed Bay of Pigs invasion of Cuba in 1961 against Fidel Castro’s revolutionary government. “I have trust in Trump to do the right thing when it comes to Cuba,” said Jorge Saurez, 66, a retired physician in Little Havana. Trump’s vow to keep the broader decades-old U.S. economic embargo on Cuba firmly in place drew criticism from some U.S. farmers, especially growers of corn, soybeans and rice. Obama’s détente has already lifted exports and raised hopes for more gains, which they said were now in doubt.     Mexico’s foreign ministry urged the United States and Cuba to resolve their differences “via dialogue.” But Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro, whose leftist government is Cuba’s main regional ally, slammed Trump’s tightening of restrictions as an “offence” against Latin America. “His speech was aggressive and threatening, ... revealing his contempt and ignorance,” President Nicolas Maduro said in a speech. “We reject Donald Trump’s declarations against our brother Cuba. It is an offence against Latin America.” The biggest change in travel policy will be that Americans making educational people-to-people trips, one of the most popular authorized categories, can no longer go to the island on their own but only on group tours. Trump’s aides said the aim was to close off a path for Americans seeking beach vacations in a country where U.S. tourism is still officially banned. U.S. Senator Jeff Flake, one of the Republican Party’s most vocal advocates for easing rules  on U.S. dealings with Cuba, called for a vote on legislation lifting restrictions on American travel there. But the Republican leadership in Congress has long blocked such a move, and it appears unlikely to budge. Under Trump’s order, the Treasury and Commerce departments will be given 30 days to begin writing new regulations, which will not take effect until they are complete. In contentious deliberations leading up to the new policy, some aides argued that Trump, a former real estate magnate who won the presidency vowing to unleash U.S. business, would have a hard time defending any moves that close off the Cuban market. But other advisers have contended that it is important to make good on a campaign promise to Cuban-Americans. ",1
3142,Cubans say crestfallen that Trump rolling back detente,"HAVANA (Reuters) - Cubans said they were crestfallen to be returning to an era of frostier relations with the United States as the news spread that U.S. President Donald Trump was set to revert parts of the historic detente with Cuba. Trump will on Friday announce a plan to tighten rules on Americans traveling to Communist-run Cuba and significantly restrict U.S. firms from doing business with Cuban enterprises controlled by the military, White House officials said. “It hurts to be going backwards. To roll back the engagement will only manage to isolate us from the world,” said Havana resident Marta Deus, who will try to tune into Trump’s speech in Miami, the heartland of Cuban exiles. Deus recently set up an accountancy firm and courier service, to cater to a private sector that has flourished since a landmark agreement two and a half years ago between former U.S. President Barack Obama and Cuban leader Raul Castro to normalize relations between the former Cold War foes. “We need clients, business, we need the economy to move and by isolating Cuba, they will only manage to hurt many Cuban families and force companies to close,” she said. The 2014 deal sparked widespread euphoria in Cuba and raised hopes for an improvement in its ailing economy.  An increased arrival of U.S. tourists thanks to eased restrictions fueled a boom in tourism, especially in Havana, creating demand for more BnBs, restaurants, taxis and tour guides in the fledgling private sector. But critics say the opening failed to improve rights on the island. Trump will justify his partial reversal of Obama’s measures to a large extent on those grounds, the White House officials said, and some Cuban dissidents back his tougher stance, saying repression has worsened since the detente. Cuban authorities have stepped up their detentions of activists, often confiscating their telephones and laptops, but they have also been coming down with a heavy hand on self- employed Cubans who appear to be empowering themselves. “When the Obama administration stopped condemning human rights violations in Cuba, the regime here said ‘look we can do this and nothing happens, so we can continue repressing more forcefully’,” said Jose Daniel Ferrer, who leads the Patriotic Union of Cuba, the country’s largest dissident group. Ferrer said his group had 53 activists currently imprisoned due to their political views. Other dissidents agree repression has worsened but say rolling back the detente, which will hurt ordinary Cubans, is not the solution. “It will probably not have any benefit in terms of human rights,” said Eliecer Avila, the leader of the opposition youth group Somos Mas. The Cuban government has withstood the U.S. trade embargo for more than a half century and will not make any political concessions to the United States due to economic pressure, said Carlos Alzugaray, a retired Cuban diplomat.  “I am concerned it will affect the private sector quite a bit and much more than the Cuban government,” he said. Without doubt it will impact those in the tourism industry that have benefited from a threefold increase in U.S. visits in the last two years, although it is unclear just how much. “It’s going to really hurt me because the majority of my clients are from the United States,” said Enrique Montoto, 61, who rents rooms on U.S. online home-rental marketplace Airbnb, which expanded into Cuba in 2015. “With things going to pot, I’ll have to tighten my belt.”  This new setback to the Cuban economy will come at a time when it is already wrestling with falling oil shipments from crisis-stricken ally Venezuela and a decline in exports. “This is another blow for Cubans and it will hurt our pockets obviously,” said Martha Garcia, 51. “With the United States, there is no tranquility.” ",1
3143,U.S. lawmaker Scalise improving after baseball field shooting,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Representative Steve Scalise, the No. 3 House Republican, has shown improvement in the past 36 hours after being shot by a man who opened fire on Republican lawmakers at a baseball practice earlier in the week, his lead surgeon said on Friday. “The congressman’s status remains critical,” Dr. Jack Sava, the director of trauma at the MedStar Washington Hospital Center, told reporters. “An excellent recovery is a good possibility.” Scalise, 51, sustained injuries to internal organs, broken bones and severe bleeding after being shot in his left hip on Wednesday morning on a baseball field in a Washington suburb. Scalise had been at “imminent risk of death” when he was first brought into the hospital on Wednesday, and he received many units of transfused blood, Sava said. The congressman’s risk of death was now substantially lower because doctors have controlled the bleeding and his vital signs have stabilized. Scalise, who has had two surgeries, will need additional operations and will be in the hospital for “a considerable period of time, presumably weeks,” Sava said. Because the bullet shattered, there may be hundreds of fragments in Scalise’s body and doctors do not intend to try to remove them all, Sava said. He declined to describe specific internal injuries. Once recovered, Scalise will be able to walk and hopefully run, the doctor said. He said doctors have turned down Scalise’s sedation levels enough that he has been able to respond to visiting family members. Scalise, a police officer, a congressional aide and a lobbyist were wounded on Wednesday when a man identified as James Hodgkinson, 66, from the St. Louis suburb of Belleville, Illinois, opened fire on the lawmakers as they practiced for an annual charity baseball game between Republicans and Democrats. Hodgkinson died after being shot by police. A list of Republican lawmakers was found on Hodgkinson’s body, CBS News reported, citing an unidentified U.S. official. The list included Representatives Mo Brooks and Jeff Duncan, who were at the practice, and Representative Trent Franks, who was not, CBS said. The note was not considered an assassination list, the network said. The FBI declined to comment on the report. The U.S. Capitol Police and representatives for the three lawmakers did not immediately respond to requests for comment. The FBI said that the shooter’s weapons found at the scene - a 9mm handgun and 7.62mm caliber rifle - had been legally purchased. The FBI continues to process evidence in an effort to assess the potential motivations of the shooter, the agency said in a statement Friday. Hodgkinson had a history of posting angry messages against Trump and other Republicans on social media. Members of Congress took the field at Washington’s Nationals Park on Thursday night for the charity baseball game, many wearing hats to honor Scalise, who has represented Louisiana in the House since 2008. ",1
3144,Trump adds Washington lawyer John Dowd to his legal team,"(Reuters) - President Donald Trump has added a veteran Washington lawyer to the team representing him in the investigations of possible collusion by the Trump campaign with Russia, including the criminal probe being led by special counsel Robert Mueller. John Dowd, who has represented key figures in a variety white-collar criminal matters and investigations, has joined the president’s defense team led by New York lawyer Marc Kasowitz, Mark Corallo, a spokesman for the team, said on Friday. Another well-known white-collar Washington lawyer will likely join the team shortly, according to a person familiar with the matter. Dowd, 76, represented U.S. Senator John McCain on congressional ethics charges in the “Keating Five” banking scandal in the late 1980s and early 1990s. McCain was cleared in the matter. In 1989, Dowd’s investigation on behalf of Major League Baseball led to former Hall of Famer Pete Rose being banned from the sport for betting on games while he was manager of the Cincinnati Reds. Dowd also defended Galleon Group hedge fund founder Raj Rajaratnam in a 2011 trial brought by federal prosecutors in New York over insider trading. Rajaratnam was found guilty and sentenced to 11 years in prison. Earlier in his career, Dowd served in the U.S. Marine Corps and was part of a U.S. Department of Justice organized crime unit. He went into private practice in 1978. He worked for many years at the law firm of Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld, retiring in 2015. Along with Kasowitz and Dowd, the other lawyers on Trump’s team so far are Jay Sekulow, a conservative activist with a radio call-in show, and Michael Bowe, a longtime partner in Kasowitz’s firm.  Mueller is investigating possible ties between Trump’s campaign and the Russian government, which U.S. officials have said meddled in the 2016 election. Russia has denied such interference. The White House has denied any collusion with Moscow. The special counsel also is looking into whether Trump has sought to obstruct the investigation, a person familiar with the inquiry said on Thursday. Former FBI Director James Comey testified earlier this month that Trump asked him to drop the bureau’s investigation of former national security adviser Michael Flynn. The Senate and House Intelligence Committees are also investigating possible ties between Russia and the Trump campaign. ",1
3145,Venezuela decries 'ignorant' Trump's Cuba policy rollback,"CARACAS (Reuters) - Cuba’s main regional ally, socialist-ruled Venezuela, slammed U.S. President Donald Trump’s tightening of restrictions on Cuba on Friday as an “offense” against Latin America. “His speech was aggressive and threatening, ... revealing his contempt and ignorance,” President Nicolas Maduro said in a speech. “We reject Donald Trump’s declarations against our brother Cuba. It is an offense against Latin America.” Reversing former leader Barack Obama’s detente with Cuba’s communist government, Trump ordered stricter regulations on American travelers and a clampdown on U.S. business dealings with the Caribbean island’s military. Maduro’s foreign minister Delcy Rodriguez earlier on Friday pledged Venezuelan solidarity with Cuba via regional blocs including the Alba group of leftist nations founded during the friendship of late leaders Hugo Chavez and Fidel Castro.  “U.S. extremism aspires to cover the planet with misery, violence and death,” she said in a series of tweets blasting Trump and praising Cuba.  Fellow leftist President Evo Morales, of Bolivia, also weighed in to condemn Trump’s move.  “It’s an abuse of power by the U.S. empire not to listen to the whole world’s support against the blockade of Cuba,” he said. “Instead of asking Cuba to free political prisoners, Trump should expel the criminal politicians sheltered in the USA.”  Mexico took a more moderate line, urging Washington and Havana to resolve their differences “via dialogue.”    ",1
3146,"U.S. farmers slam Trump's Cuba clampdown, press forward with trade visit","CHICAGO (Reuters) - U.S. farm groups criticized President Donald Trump’s decision to retreat from his predecessor’s opening toward Cuba, saying it could derail huge increases in farm exports that totaled $221 million last year. A trade delegation from Minnesota, one of the largest U.S. agriculture states, vowed to carry on with its planned visit to Cuba next week. “We’re going to continue to beat the drum and let them (the Trump administration) know that trade is good for agriculture,” said Kevin Paap, a farmer in the delegation. Trump signed a presidential directive on Friday rolling back parts of former President Barack Obama’s opening to the Communist-ruled country after a 2014 diplomatic breakthrough between the two former Cold War foes. Farm groups saw the move as a step backward in what had been an improving trade relationship between the two countries which are just 90 miles (145 kms) apart, even though agriculture is not directly targeted. U.S. law exempts food from a decades-old embargo on U.S. trade with Cuba, but cumbersome rules on how transactions were executed have made deals difficult and costly. Since Obama’s detente, substantial headway has been made, however, with shipments of U.S. corn and soybeans to Cuba soaring 420 percent in 2016 from a year earlier to 268,360 tonnes, U.S. Department of Agriculture data shows. Through the first four months of 2017, total shipments of U.S. grain and soy were 142,860 tonnes, up from 49,090 tonnes during the same period of 2016. While the quantities are dwarfed by total U.S. exports — nearly 56 million tonnes of corn alone last year — the added volumes were welcome as farmers face a fourth year of languishing grain prices and crimped incomes. “At a time when the farm economy is struggling, we ask our leaders in Washington not to close doors on market opportunities for American agriculture,” Wesley Spurlock, president of the National Corn Growers Association, said in a statement. The group sees an opportunity for $125 million more a year in trade to Cuba. Trump’s move could cut off near-term sales and stymie economic development that would drive longer-term demand growth, said Tom Sleight, president of the U.S. Grains Council, a grain trade development organization, in a statement. “Neither of those outcomes is favorable for the U.S. ag sector or the Cuban people,” he added. Paap said the United States should be doing more to encourage exports. “It’s frustrating because we’ve made some advances and built those relationships,” he said. ",1
3147,Individual travel scrapped under Trump's new Cuba policy,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump’s rollback on his predecessor’s liberalization of travel to Cuba will all but eliminate a burgeoning market for independent tourism, forcing would-be visitors into organized trips, experts said. That policy change could be bad news for airlines that have been helped by demand from solo travelers and families who have booked seats for ad-hoc informal “cultural exchanges” that had passed muster under former President Barack Obama’s loosened rules.  “It’s going to frustrate airlines who scheduled service on the premise that travel restrictions would eventually be removed,” Robert Mann, analyst at R.W. Mann & Co, said. “It was an ‘if you build it they will come’ kind of a philosophy.” Now, under directives announced by Trump on Friday, independent travel to Cuba from the United States will once again be forbidden, complicating the already tricky-to-navigate industry.  The new policy will ban most U.S. business transactions with the Armed Forces Business Enterprises Group, a sprawling conglomerate involved in all sectors of the economy, including the hotel and hospitality industry, but make some exceptions, including air and sea travel. [nL1N1JD02O] The president’s directive will essentially shield U.S. airlines and cruise lines now serving the island but dim a potentially bright outlook for travel growth between the countries.  While the industry at large is bracing for weakened demand following the policy shift, specialized travel agents could potentially see a windfall as travelers rush to book authorized organized trips to the island. “You can’t get through to our call line. We’re receiving 10 times the emails we were this morning,” Tom Popper, president of travel agency InsightCuba, which organizes legal group tours of the tourism-restricted island, said on Friday. U.S. cruise operators and airlines could lose around $712 million in annual revenues if the Trump administration fully reinstates restrictions on travel, Washington lobby group Engage Cuba said in a recent report. (tmsnrt.rs/2rBfMTI) While Trump’s new policy avoids the worst-case scenario of cancelling all commercial flights or severing diplomatic relations, it will still be a blow to a tourism sector betting on Cuba as a new high-growth market.   “If the goal is to help Cuban entrepreneurs, adding job-killing regulations on U.S. businesses and increasing government resources to investigate everyday Americans traveling to our island neighbor is not the answer,” James Williams, president of Engage Cuba, said in a statement.     Marriott International Inc on Friday urged the White House to improve relations with post-Castro Cuba and recognize tourism as a strategic tool in the effort. Marriott, the world’s biggest hotel chain, operates the Gaviota 5th Avenue Hotel, which is owned by the Cuban military. The Treasury Department said on its website that travel-related commercial engagements established before new regulations from the Office of Foreign Assets Control will be permitted, which appears to exempt the Marriott venture. Airlines for America, an industry trade group, said airlines are reviewing the directive and “will continue to comply with all federal rules and regulations regarding travel to Cuba.” Obama’s initial opening prompted a dash to launch flights into Cuba in mid-2016. Some early entrants, including smaller carriers Frontier Airlines, Silver Airways and Spirit Airlines Inc, have pulled out. While larger U.S. carriers have pared back flights to smaller Cuban cities, American Airlines, Delta, United Continental, Southwest and JetBlue have requested additional flight clearances on various routes to Havana.  Cruise operator Carnival Corp downplayed any impact from the change, saying it was “pleased” its ships could continue to sail to Cuba. ",1
3148,White House says no determination yet on 'Dreamer' immigrants,"WASHINGTON/MIAMI (Reuters) - The Trump administration is still reviewing a policy set in 2012 by U.S. President Barack Obama that protects from deportation nearly 600,000 immigrants brought into the country illegally by their parents, known as “Dreamers,” a White House spokesman said on Friday. “No final determination has been made,” said the spokesman, who asked that his name not be used.  Rescinding the policy known as Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or DACA, would anger those who have said President Donald Trump is already too tough on immigration enforcement. But leaving it in place would conflict with a promise Trump made on the presidential campaign trail. There was confusion over whether the policy would remain in place late Thursday after the Department of Homeland Security published a notice that it would rescind another Obama-era immigration policy. The other policy, known as Deferred Action for Parents of Americans and Lawful Permanent Residents, or DAPA, was written in 2014 to protect illegal immigrant parents with children who are U.S. citizens and lawful permanent residents. The policy never went into effect because federal courts put it on hold. The head of the Department of Homeland Security, John Kelly, said on Friday that the agency only rescinded the policy that had faced legal challenges. DAPA “was immediately enjoined by the courts and it languished in limbo for two or three years, so my action yesterday was just a little housecleaning,” Kelly said at a meeting in Miami with Latin American leaders on security in Central America.  “DACA that applies to students has not been changed,” Kelly said. The DHS statement also said DACA “will remain in effect.” The White House spokesman said the statement was only meant to clarify that the rescission of the program for parents would have no impact on the program for immigrants who arrived as children.  Trump had pledged on the campaign trail to rescind all of Obama’s executive orders on immigration, including DACA.  But as president, he has said his administration was devising a policy on how to deal with individuals covered by DACA. No formal changes have been announced. ",1
3149,Trump administration sides with employers in Supreme Court labor case,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Trump administration on Friday sided with employers in a Supreme Court case over the rights of workers to bring class action lawsuits against companies, court documents showed.  Reversing a position staked out earlier by the Obama administration, which backed employees, the administration said in a court filing it would no longer defend the position of the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) that employment agreements requiring workers to waive their rights to bring class action claims are invalid. The waivers compel workers to individually arbitrate disputes with their employers rather than bring collective lawsuits with their co-workers.  The NLRB, an independent agency in the federal government, said in letter to the court on Thursday that its own lawyer would represent the board in the employees’ class action rights case. It is unusual for the government to change positions in a case already pending at the Supreme Court, and marks a sharp break from the administration of former President Barack Obama, a Democrat, which had originally pursued the case on behalf of the NLRB. The NLRB currently has a Democratic majority, isolating it politically from the Republican Trump administration.  In January the Supreme Court agreed to review three lower court rulings, including one involving global professional services firm Ernst & Young, over the legality of the waivers. Employers have increasingly required workers to sign them as part of their arbitration agreements to guard against the rising tide of worker lawsuits seeking unpaid wages. In Friday’s court filing, acting U.S. Solicitor General Jeffrey Wall said the Supreme Court should find that class action waivers are legal and enforceable under federal law. Workers that waive the right to collective litigation cannot “escape the consequences of that choice,” he said.  Companies say the waivers allow for speedier and more cost-effective resolution of workplace disputes. Class action litigation, on the other hand, is harder to fight and can lead to large damages awards.  Workers argue that pursuing their cases individually is prohibitively expensive and, without the prospect of large damages awards that class action litigation can lead to, lawyers will be deterred from taking their cases. The nine Supreme Court justices are expected to issue a ruling on the issue in the court’s next term, which starts in October and ends in June 2018. ",1
3150,Trump acknowledges he is under investigation in Russia probe,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump acknowledged on Friday he is under investigation in a probe of alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. presidential race and possible collusion by his campaign - and seemed to assail the Justice Department official overseeing the inquiry. Robert Mueller, the special counsel named by the department to investigate the Russia matter, is now examining whether Trump or others sought to obstruct the probe, a person familiar with the inquiry said on Thursday. “I am being investigated for firing the FBI Director by the man who told me to fire the FBI Director! Witch Hunt,” Trump wrote on Twitter, referring to his May 9 dismissal of James Comey. Trump did not identify “the man” but appeared to be questioning the integrity of Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, the Justice Department’s No. 2 official who appointed Mueller on May 17, supervises the probe and wrote a memo to Trump critical of Comey that preceded Comey’s firing. Hours later, a source close to Trump’s outside legal team said Trump did not intend his tweet to be confirmation of the investigation but rather was reacting to a Washington Post story on Wednesday about the probe. The source spoke on condition of anonymity.  Rosenstein has said privately he may need to recuse himself from matters relating to the Russia probe because he could become a witness in the investigation, ABC News reported on Friday. ABC said Rosenstein told Associate Attorney General Rachel Brand she would have authority over the probe if he were to step aside. The Democratic National Committee called on Rosenstein to recuse himself from the Russia matter, but it said authority over the investigation should be given to Mueller and not another Trump appointee. While the Republican Trump administration initially said Rosenstein’s letter was the reason the president fired Comey on May 9, Trump later said he did so because of the “Russia thing.” Comey told a Senate panel last week he believed Trump fired him to undermine the Federal Bureau of Investigation’s Russia probe. Comey testified that Trump directed him in February to drop an FBI investigation into former national security adviser Michael Flynn relating to the Russia matter. Comey testified it would be up to Mueller to decide whether Trump’s action amounted to obstruction of justice, an act that could be cited in any effort in the Republican-led Congress to impeach him and remove him from office. The Russia issue has cast a shadow over Trump’s five months in office. In another indication of the seriousness of the probe, Michael Cohen, a personal attorney to Trump, said he has retained attorney Stephen Ryan, a former assistant U.S. attorney, to represent him in the ongoing probes. Cohen has received a subpoena from one of the congressional committees looking into the Russia issue. Rosenstein has authority over the inquiry because Attorney General Jeff Sessions recused himself on March 2 after revelations of previously undisclosed meetings with Russia’s ambassador to Washington while he was a Trump campaign adviser. Brand was confirmed as the No. 3 Justice Department official on a 52-46 vote in the Senate on May 18, with Democrats lining up against her. From 2011 until her confirmation, she was a lawyer for the U.S. Chamber of Commerce business lobbying group’s legal arm, which played a major role in marshaling legal opposition to environmental and labor regulations championed by Democratic former President Barack Obama. Democratic Senator Dianne Feinstein, a Senate Intelligence Committee member, said she was “increasingly concerned” Trump would try to fire not only Mueller, but also Rosenstein. “The message the president is sending through his tweets is that he believes the rule of law doesn’t apply to him and that anyone who thinks otherwise will be fired,” Feinstein said. A Trump confidant said this week the president had considered firing Mueller. Rosenstein, who would be responsible for actually dismissing Mueller, told U.S. lawmakers he would fire him only with good cause. U.S. intelligence agencies concluded in January that Russia interfered in the presidential race to try to help Trump win, in part by hacking and releasing emails damaging to his Democratic opponent, Hillary Clinton. Moscow has denied any interference. The White House denies any collusion. Trump kept up his criticism of the investigations, writing on Twitter, “After 7 months of investigations & committee hearings about my ‘collusion with the Russians,’ nobody has been able to show any proof. Sad!” ",1
3151,Trump likely to nominate former Senate aide Peirce for SEC: Bloomberg,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump is likely to nominate former Senate aide Hester Peirce to an open seat on the Securities and Exchange Commission, Bloomberg News reported on Friday, citing unnamed people familiar with the matter. Peirce, a Republican, is a former Senate Banking Committee staff member and currently is the director of the Financial Markets Working Group at George Mason University’s Mercatus Center. She was nominated to the SEC last year by President Barack Obama, but the full Senate never acted on her nomination. Reuters could not immediately confirm the report. The SEC declined to comment, while Peirce and the White House were not immediately available to comment.  Rumors began flying soon after Trump’s election win in November that he would put Peirce’s name forward again for one of the two SEC commissioner posts that have sat vacant for more than a year. If Trump follows tradition, he will suggest a Democrat for the other open slot at the top U.S. securities regulator. Obama had Lisa Fairfax, a George Washington University law professor, as the Democrat last year, but Trump is not expected to tap her. Peirce is no stranger to the SEC. She currently sits on its investor advisory committee and was previously an SEC staff attorney and counsel to former Commissioner Paul Atkins. Peirce could be instrumental in carrying out Trump’s work on reforming the regulations coming out of the 2007-09 financial crisis and recession. When she worked on the Senate Banking Committee, Peirce focused on how regulators implemented the 2010 Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform law and helped provide oversight of the SEC. Recently, she edited and contributed to a book published by the right-leaning Mercatus Center that called for totally restructuring the country’s financial regulation.  Last year Democrats on the Senate Banking Committee attempted to block both Peirce and Fairfax’s nominations when neither nominee fully committed to work as commissioners on requiring corporations to publicly disclose their political donations. After finally winning the committee blessing, the two nominations stalled in the Senate as Republicans dragged their feet on approving names put forward by Obama, a Democrat. Peirce could face a rocky time again in the chamber. Liberal firebrand Senator Elizabeth Warren is highly critical of Peirce, who is a member of the Federalist Society, an organization of conservative and libertarian lawyers. ",1
3152,"Mexico urges U.S., Cuba to work out differences via dialogue","MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexico on Friday urged the governments of the United States and Cuba to find points of agreement and resolve their differences “via dialogue”, following U.S. President Donald Trump’s announcement of a tougher policy towards Cuba. “The Mexican government reiterates its friendship and solidarity with the Cuban people, and the desire to continue working with the Cuban government in the many areas of common interest,” Mexico’s foreign ministry said in a statement. ",1
3153,Russia media group that angered Kremlin is sold,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - A Russian media group which angered some in the Kremlin by reporting on the business interests of people close to President Vladimir Putin was sold on Friday to the owner of a tabloid that is deferential to the Russian leader. Businessman Grigory Berezkin’s ESN group said in a statement it has acquired a 65 percent stake in the RBC media holding, plus debt, from Onexim Group, which is controlled by metals magnate Mikhail Prokhorov. The completion of the deal marks the end of a seven-year period when RBC under the ownership of Prokhorov published hard-hitting investigations, including into the business affairs of Putin’s inner circle. It stood out from most of the mainstream media in Russia, which are either controlled by the state or state-run companies, or tend to steer clear of topics which could anger powerful officials. Last year, according to several people familiar with the Kremlin’s thinking, some figures close to Putin grew angry with RBC’s coverage. Around the same time, Russian law enforcement officers in ski masks raided the offices of Onexim. Soon after, the media group’s editor-in-chief left the country, and new senior managers were brought in from a state-run news agency. A large proportion of the group’s journalists resigned, saying they anticipated restrictions on the topics on which they could report. “Apparently the asset became toxic, and they (the owners) wanted to get rid of it,” Elizaveta Osetinskaya, the former editor-in-chief, told Reuters on Friday. The Kremlin has always denied having pressured RBC over its reporting or being involved in Prokhorov’s decision to sell.  The deal has been under negotiation for weeks. Financial details have not been disclosed. Berezkin, the new owner, already owns the Komsomolskaya Pravda tabloid newspaper. Its pages are usually dominated by crime stories and celebrity gossip. Critical reporting on the president or his senior allies is rare in the newspaper. A spokeswoman for ESN group declined to comment on whether the new owner would change RBC’s senior staff or editorial policy. Osetinskaya, the former editor, said that after her departure last year, RBC had continued to report independently. She said when it gave prominent coverage to anti-Kremlin protests in March, she thought that might lead to problems for the group. “Perhaps they did not restrain themselves sufficiently,” she said of RBC’s current management. ",1
3154,Trump tweet not meant to confirm he is under investigation: source,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump was not confirming an investigation of him for firing FBI director James Comey in his comment on Twitter on Friday but was referring to a report in The Washington Post, a source close to Trump’s outside counsel said. “I am being investigated for firing the FBI Director by the man who told me to fire the FBI Director! Witch Hunt,” Trump said in a note on Twitter on Friday. The message was widely read as confirming a probe of Trump by the special counsel investigating Russia’s meddling in the 2016 U.S. election. But the source close to Trump’s outside counsel said on condition of anonymity that the president was not confirming the investigation but was referring to a Washington Post story on Wednesday based on anonymous sources. ",1
3155,U.S. Republican senator wants Congress to vote on Cuba travel bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senator Jeff Flake, one of the Republican Party’s most vocal advocates for easing restrictions on U.S. dealings with Cuba, on Friday called on congressional leaders to allow a vote on legislation lifting restrictions on American travel there. “It is time Senate leadership finally allowed a vote on my bipartisan bill to fully lift these archaic restrictions which do not exist for travel by Americans to any other country in the world,” Flake, of Arizona, said, as President Donald Trump  announces a clampdown on U.S. travel and trade with the island. The “Freedom for Americans to Travel to Cuba Act,” led by Flake and Democratic Senator Patrick Leahy, of Vermont, is co-sponsored by 55 senators. Flake said he thought it could get 70 votes in the 100-member Senate if the chamber’s Republican leaders allowed a vote.  ",1
3156,U.S. to issue rules to tighten individual travel restrictions to Cuba,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Trump administration plans to publish regulations that will end people-to-people individual travel to Cuba, the U.S. Treasury Department said on Friday. “The President instructed Treasury to issue regulations that will end individual people-to-people travel,” the department said in a statement. It added that the changes will not take effect until new regulations are issued. ",1
3157,White House demands Cuba take 'concrete' reform steps before improved relations,WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Trump administration on Friday called on the international community to support U.S. President Donald Trump’s renewal of sanctions against Cuba and said that future improved relations with Havana depend on the island nation taking “concrete” steps on political and economic reforms. The White House statement was released as Trump spoke in Miami to announce that he was reversing some of former President Barack Obama’s moves to liberalize U.S. relations with Cuba. ,1
3158,Democratic Party says special counsel needs full control of Russia probe: statement,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The special counsel appointed to lead a probe into alleged Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. election should be granted full control of the investigation independent of Justice Department officials, the Democratic National Committee said on Friday. The DNC, in a statement, said Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, who has authority over special counsel Robert Mueller, needs to recuse himself from the Russia probe and control of the investigation should not be given to another Trump appointee. ",1
3159,Annual U.S. Congress baseball game brings unity after shooting,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Members of the U.S. Congress took the field for their traditional Republicans vs. Democrats baseball game on Thursday, with many wearing hats to honor Representative Steve Scalise, who was critically wounded by a gunman as his Republican team practiced a day before. When the members of the Republican team were announced at Nationals Park, mention of Scalise’s name drew a standing ovation from the areas designated for Republican, Democrat and nonpartisan fans alike. President Donald Trump did not attend but in a video address shown on the stadium’s giant screen praised the friendly nature of the annual charity event. David Bailey, a Capitol Hill police officer who was part of Scalise’s security detail and helped bring down the shooter, also was injured in the Wednesday incident but had recovered enough to throw the game’s ceremonial first pitch. The Democrats won the game, 11-2, but loaned the trophy to the Republicans until Scalise is better. Both Republican and Democratic leaders at the game encouraged a sense of unity in the wake of the shooting during an otherwise politically rancorous time in Washington when the parties are sharply divided over healthcare legislation and investigations of the members of the Trump administration. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, House Speaker Paul Ryan and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi stood side by side to shout: “Let’s play ball!” and the crowd chanted “U-S-A! U-S-A!” as the game began. Scalise, 51, a Louisiana Republican who is the No. 3 House Republican, remained in critical condition at a hospital a few miles from the stadium after undergoing a third surgery on Thursday. He was hit in the left hip, suffering injuries to internal organs, broken bones and severe bleeding, in Wednesday’s shooting. For the game, which began in 1909, members of the Senate and House of Representatives donned uniforms representing teams from their constituencies, and many topped them with hats from Louisiana State University, Scalise’s alma mater, as a tribute. In addition to Scalise, a police officer, a congressional aide and a lobbyist were shot on Wednesday morning when a man opened fire as the Republican lawmakers practiced for the game in the Washington suburb of Alexandria, Virginia.  Nearly 25,000 tickets were sold for the game and it was on track to raise more than $1 million, roughly double what it did last year, organizers said. Ticket sales picked up after Wednesday’s shooting, eventually setting an attendance record, the organizers said, as attendees such as Alexander Hilten, 16, of Arlington, Virginia, decided to come to the game for the first time. “A lot of times in politics we have divisions but it shouldn’t come to violence,” he said. “It’s cool that they’re putting it on even after the shooting. It just shows how resilient these politicians are.” The Capitol Police Memorial Fund was added to the list of charities that will receive money raised by the game in honor of two members of Scalise’s security detail who were at the Wednesday practice session and returned fire. The Washington Nationals Dream Foundation, the Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Washington and the Washington Literary Center are the game’s other beneficiaries. (This story corrects typographical error in paragraph 2, day of shooting in paragraph 8 and spelling of Hilten’s name in paragraph 12.) ",1
3160,'Unremarkable' Virginia attacker shows difficulty of fighting political violence,"WASHINGTON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - The most worrying thing about James Hodgkinson, experts on violent extremism say, is how unremarkable the 66-year-old home inspector from Illinois seemed until he opened fire on Republican lawmakers as they played baseball.  Violent clashes between left-wing and right-wing groups at rallies and protests around the country have increased since the election of President Donald Trump in November.  Experts say detecting and heading off anti-government attacks from people driven by political ideology is increasingly difficult because of the abundance of partisan rancor, particularly on social media.  Hodgkinson wrote a series of strident messages against Trump and other Republicans on his Facebook account. But so have many other Americans as politics have become more polarized in recent years, particularly since the divisive 2016 presidential election campaign. None of Hodgkinson’s posts suggested he would end up opening fire at a baseball field outside Washington on Wednesday morning. He wounded a top Republican lawmaker, a Congressional aide, a lobbyist, and a Capitol police officer before being shot himself. He later died from his wounds. In one Facebook post, Hodgkinson wrote: “Trump is a Traitor. Trump Has Destroyed Our Democracy. It’s Time to Destroy Trump & Co.” However, there is no evidence so far that he was linked to any radical or violent groups. Like millions of other Americans, he supported Senator Bernie Sanders, an independent who sought the Democratic presidential nomination and condemns violence. Steve Bongardt, who worked until 2015 as an FBI special agent focusing on threat detection, said traditional counter-terrorism tools such as behavioral profiling and surveillance are less effective because so many otherwise harmless people  post virulent messages on social media.  “The problem isn’t that behavioral profiles don’t work. The problem is the utility of them, because they give us so many false positives,” said Bongardt, who now heads The Gyges Group, a security firm. Mark Pitcavage, a senior research fellow in the Anti-Defamation League’s Center on Extremism, said the intensity of  emotions on both sides of the political divide could be dangerous. “When you have people with basically mainstream opinions so worked up that they’re willing to commit acts of actual violence, it illustrates in a very stark way how divided our country is right now,” Pitcavage said. A spokesman for the Justice Department said the department is considering a possible statute to target “ideologically motivated crimes of violence” from radical groups or individuals inside the country. Jerry Boykin, executive vice president of the conservative Family Research Council, which a gunman attacked in 2012 over its opposition to same-sex marriage, said Wednesday’s shooting showed that both sides need to “tone down their rhetoric.” “This is an opportunity for a fresh start for everybody in a position of leadership, all the way up to the president,” Boykin said. Most political violence in the United States still comes from right-wing groups, according to Brian Levin, director of the Center for the Study of Hate and Extremism at California State University, San Bernardino.  However, the United States also has a history of violence from left-wing groups such as the Weather Underground, which was active in the 1970s. It then eased substantially over the past three decades but has risen again in recent years with violence at protests against globalization, police brutality and the Trump administration, Levin said. Left-wing extremists “might be the junior varsity, but they’re now on the radar screen,” he said. It is too early to say if Hodgkinson’s attack was part of a post-election trend of left-wing violence, said J.J. MacNab, a fellow specializing in anti-government extremism at George Washington University’s Center for Cyber and Homeland Security. “We are a cycle-of-violence country. It looks like we may be going into a left-wing phase now, but I’m not sure the violent right-wing is ready to shut up yet,” MacNab said. ",1
3161,Rosenstein may need to recuse himself from Russia probe: ABC News,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein has privately acknowledged he may need to recuse himself from matters relating to the Russia probe, given that he could become a potential witness in the investigation, ABC News reported on Friday, citing unnamed sources.     ABC said Rosenstein told Associate Attorney General Rachel Brand she would have authority over the probe if he were to step aside. Rosenstein appointed special counsel Robert Mueller to investigate alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. election, and has told lawmakers he would only fire him with good cause. ",1
3162,Trump says in tweet no proof of his 'collusion with the Russians',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump said on Friday that after months of investigations into possible collusion by his campaign with Russia in the 2016 presidential election campaign, “nobody has been able to show any proof.” Trump said in a tweet: “After 7 months of investigations & committee hearings about my ‘collusion with the Russians,’  nobody has been able to show any proof. Sad!” ",1
3163,"Trump to limit Cuba travel, restrict business deals with military: U.S. officials","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump on Friday will announce a plan to tighten rules on Americans traveling to Cuba and significantly restrict U.S. companies from doing business with Cuban enterprises controlled by the military, senior White House officials said on Thursday. Trump will lay out his new Cuba policy in a speech in Miami that will roll back parts of former President Barack Obama’s opening to the communist-ruled island after a 2014 diplomatic breakthrough between the two former Cold War foes. Taking a tougher approach against Havana after promising to do so during the presidential campaign, Trump will outline stricter enforcement of an existing ban on Americans going to Cuba as tourists and will seek to prevent U.S. dollars from being used to fund what the new U.S. administration sees as a repressive military-dominated government. The new policy will ban most U.S. business deals with the Armed Forces Business Enterprises Group (GAESA), a sprawling conglomerate involved in all sectors of the economy, but make exceptions related to air and sea travel, the officials said. This will essentially shield U.S. airlines and cruise lines now serving the island. But even as he curbs Obama’s détente with Cuba, Trump will stop short of closing embassies or breaking off diplomatic relations restored in 2015 after more than five decades of hostility, U.S. officials said. He will also leave in place some other tangible measures implemented by his Democratic predecessor, including the resumption of direct U.S.-Cuba commercial flights, though Trump’s more restrictive policy seems certain to dampen new economic ties overall. And, according to one White House official, the administration does not intend to “disrupt” existing business deals such as one struck under Obama by Starwood Hotels, which is owned by Marriott International Inc, to manage a historic Havana hotel. There are also no plans to reinstate the limits that Obama lifted on the amount of the island’s coveted rum and cigars that American can bring home for personal use, one White House official said. As a result, the changes – though far-reaching – appear to be less sweeping than many pro-engagement advocates had feared. Trump will justify his partial reversal of Obama’s measures to a large extent on human rights grounds. His aides contend that Obama’s easing of U.S. restrictions has done nothing to advance political freedoms in Cuba, while benefiting the Cuban government financially. Saying that the aim was to repair what Trump has called a “bad deal” struck by Obama with Havana, one U.S. official said the new administration would leave the door open to improved relations if Cuba undertakes democratic reforms such as allowing free and fair elections and the release of political prisoners. International human rights groups say, however, that reinstating a U.S. policy of isolating the island could make the situation worse by empowering Cuban hardliners. The Cuban government has made clear it will not be pressured into political reforms in exchange for diplomatic engagement. At home, Trump’s critics have questioned why his administration is now singling out Cuba for its human rights record while insisting that in other parts of the world it will not lecture other countries on the issue. Trump will issue a presidential memorandum when he delivers his speech at the Manuel Artime Theater in Miami’s Little Havana district, the heart of America’s Cuban-American and Cuban exile community. The venue is named after a leader of the failed U.S.-backed Bay of Pigs invasion of Cuba in 1961 against Fidel Castro’s revolutionary government. Republican Senator Marco Rubio, who was played a key role in pushing for Trump’s changes, was expected to attend along with U.S. Representative Mario Diaz-Balart and other Cuban-American lawmakers. Under Trump’s order, the Treasury and Commerce Departments will be given 30 days to begin writing new regulations and they will not take effect until they are complete. Under the revised travel policy, U.S. officials say there will be tighter enforcement to make sure Americans legally fit the 12 authorized categories they claim to be traveling under, which could spook many visitors, wary of receiving a hefty fine. While tourism to Cuba is banned by U.S. law, the Obama administration had been allowing people to travel to Cuba as part of “people to people” educational trips for visitors, a classification that a White House official said was “ripe for abuse” by those looking for beach vacations. Trump’s new policy will eliminate such visits by individuals while still allowing them to be done as group tours, and also retaining individual travel under other authorized categories such as religious, artistic and journalistic activities, the official said. But Trump’s planned rollback of Obama’s policy has drawn opposition from American businesses and the travel industry, which have begun making inroads on the island, as well as many lawmakers, including some of Trump’s fellow Republicans. The new policy has come together after contentious meetings within the administration. Some aides have argued that Trump, a former real estate magnate who won the presidency promising to unleash U.S. business and create jobs, would have a hard time defending any moves that close off the Cuban market. But other advisers have contended that it is important to make good on a promise to Cuban-Americans whose support they considered significant in winning Florida in the 2016 election. Miami is home to the largest Cuban-American community. ",1
3164,Pence hires his own lawyer for Russia probes,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Vice President Mike Pence has hired a lawyer known for defending government officials in high-profile investigations to help him with probes into whether there were ties between the election campaign of U.S. President Donald Trump and Russia, his office said on Thursday. U.S. intelligence agencies have concluded that Moscow interfered in last year’s presidential campaign to try to tilt the vote in Trump’s favor. Trump, who hired his own lawyer last month for probes by a special counsel and congressional committees, lashed out on Thursday after a report that he was under investigation for possible obstruction of justice. He dismissed as “phony” the idea that his campaign colluded with any Russian effort to sway the 2016 election. Moscow denies meddling in the campaign. Pence hired Richard Cullen, chairman of law firm McGuireWoods, to help him respond to inquiries from special counsel Robert Mueller, a spokesman said. Cullen is a former federal prosecutor who has long ties to former FBI Director James Comey, whom Trump fired on May 9. He represents former FIFA President Sepp Blatter in the corruption probe into world soccer’s governing body. U.S. prosecutors have not accused Blatter of wrongdoing. Cullen, who supported Trump’s rival Jeb Bush during the race for the Republican presidential nomination, also represented Tom DeLay, a Texas Republican and former majority leader of the U.S. House of Representatives, during the investigation into corrupt Washington lobbyist Jack Abramoff. DeLay was not charged. Pence had been looking at hiring his own counsel for several weeks, and made his decision earlier this week after interviewing several candidates, his office said. “The vice president is focused entirely on his duties and promoting the president’s agenda and looks forward to a swift conclusion of this matter,” Pence spokesman, Jarrod Agen, said in a statement. Pence has seldom addressed the Russia issue, which has overshadowed Trump’s efforts to overhaul the healthcare system, cut taxes and boost jobs - priorities that Pence has worked on intensively with Republican lawmakers. The Washington Post first reported the Cullen hire. Just before the story broke, Trump wrote a pair of angry tweets, suggesting that Hillary Clinton, his Democratic opponent in the election, should be under investigation instead of him. Earlier on Thursday, Trump called the probe a “witch hunt” on Twitter. “They made up a phony collusion with the Russians story, found zero proof, so now they go for obstruction of justice on the phony story. Nice,” Trump wrote. Mueller is investigating whether anyone on Trump’s campaign, or associated with it, with him or any of his businesses, may have had any illegal dealings with Russian officials or others with ties to the Kremlin, said one U.S. official familiar with the rough outlines of the probe and who spoke on condition of anonymity. That includes the finances and business dealings of Jared Kushner, who is married to Trump’s daughter Ivanka, and is a senior adviser at the White House, the Washington Post reported on Thursday, citing unnamed officials familiar with the matter. Mueller is also looking at a second line of inquiry: whether, if any potential offenses were committed, Trump or others attempted to cover them up or obstruct the investigation into them, the source said. An examination of possible obstruction of justice charges was “unavoidable” given testimony by Comey, although the issue may not become the main focus of the probe, the source said. Comey told a Senate panel last week he believed Trump fired him to undermine the FBI’s Russia probe. He also told the Senate Intelligence Committee in his June 8 testimony that he believed Trump had directed him to drop a related agency investigation into the president’s former national security adviser, Michael Flynn. White House officials, including Pence, initially gave differing reasons for Comey’s dismissal, including that he had lost the confidence of the FBI. Pence said on Twitter on May 10 that Trump had “made the right decision at the right time to remove Comey as the head of the FBI” and praised him for showing “strong & decisive leadership to restore trust & confidence of the American people in the FBI.” Trump later contradicted his own staff, saying on May 11 he had the Russia issue in mind when he fired Comey. Examining the possibility of obstruction charges will allow investigators to interview key administration figures including Attorney General Jeff Sessions, Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein and possibly Trump himself, said the source familiar with the Mueller investigation. While a sitting president is unlikely to face criminal prosecution, obstruction of justice could form the basis for impeachment. Any such step would face a steep hurdle as it would require approval by the U.S. House of Representatives, which is controlled by Trump’s fellow Republicans. ",1
3165,"United States, China to meet on North Korea on Wednesday","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. and Chinese diplomatic and defense chiefs will meet Wednesday for a security dialogue that Washington says will focus on curbing North Korea’s nuclear and missile programs. The talks in Washington will involve U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis as well as  China’s top diplomat, State Councilor Yang Jiechi, and General Fang Fenghui, chief of state of the People’s Liberation Army, the U.S. State Department said. It will be the inaugural session of the U.S.-China  Diplomatic and Security Dialogue, a framework launched by President Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping during a summit in Florida in April. The State Department said the aim was “to expand areas of cooperation while narrowing differences on key diplomatic and security issues.” U.S.-China ties have warmed since the April summit, in spite of continued U.S. concerns about China’s pursuit of territory in the South China Sea and a large trade imbalance.      Tillerson has said North Korea will top the agenda next week and made clear that Washington wanted more help from China in pressing Pyongyang to abandon its weapons programs, calling Chinese efforts so far “notable” but “uneven.” The focus on North Korea has been sharpened by dozens of North Korean missile launches and two nuclear bomb tests since the beginning of last year.  North Korea says it is working to develop a nuclear-tipped missile capable of hitting the United States, and this week Mattis called it the “most urgent” threat to U.S. national security. China is party to U.N. economic sanctions on North Korea.  But it remains the country’s main ally and trading partner and has been reluctant to impose the sort of punishing measures experts say are needed to get Pyongyang to abandon its weapons programs. In Beijing, asked about the talks, China’s foreign ministry spokesman, Lu Kang, said, “The two sides are in close communication about the schedule, but the issues discussed will be those that both countries are concerned about and that involve China-U.S. relations.” He did not elaborate. On Tuesday, Tillerson said Washington was considering imposing “secondary sanctions” on foreign firms doing business with North Korea and had been in discussions with Beijing about the activities of entities inside China. A Washington think tank said this week that North Korea’s effort to circumvent sanctions was complex but could be defeated by targeting relatively few Chinese firms. The U.N. Security Council expanded targeted sanctions against North Korea this month in the first such resolution agreed by the United States and China since Trump took office. Washington has been pushing for even tougher steps, including an oil embargo, bans of North Korea’s airline and overseas workers and interception of its cargo ships. ",1
3166,U.S. rescinds Obama plan for some undocumented parents,"(Reuters) - U.S. Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly signed a memorandum on Thursday rescinding an Obama-era plan to spare some illegal immigrant parents of children who are lawful permanent residents from being deported, the department said in a statement. The program, which was announced by President Barack Obama in 2014, never took effect because it was blocked in federal court.  Obama had hoped that overhauling the U.S. immigration system and resolving the fate of the estimated 11 million people in the country illegally would be part of his presidential legacy.    However, President Donald Trump has vowed to crack down on illegal immigration. The plan unveiled by Obama intended to let roughly 4 million people - those who have lived illegally in the United States at least since 2010, have no criminal record and have children who are U.S. citizens or lawful permanent residents - get into a program that shields them from deportation and supplies work permits. However, it was quickly challenged in court by Republican-governed Texas and 25 other states that argued Obama had overstepped the powers granted to him by the U.S. Constitution by infringing upon the authority of Congress.  A federal appeals court blocked the program, and the U.S. Supreme Court let that ruling stand in a 4-4 split decision last year. Kelly said in a statement on Thursday he was rescinding the initiative, known as DAPA, because “there is no credible path forward to litigate the currently enjoined policy.” An earlier program, Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA), offers some 750,000 immigrants brought to the country illegally as children the chance to attend school and to work.  Trump has previously said his administration was devising a policy on how to deal with individuals covered by DACA, but no formal changes have been announced. “They shouldn’t be very worried,” Trump said of DACA recipients in a January ABC News interview. “I do have a big heart.” ",1
3167,U.S. congressman's condition improves but still critical after shooting,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Representative Steve Scalise’s condition has improved but remained critical on Thursday, a day after a man who had expressed anger toward President Donald Trump opened fire on Republican lawmakers at a baseball practice. Trump on Thursday reiterated his call for unity in the aftermath of the shooting in the Washington suburb of Alexandria, Virginia. But Nancy Pelosi, the top Democrat in the House of Representatives, criticized some Republicans who have blamed the shooting on vitriol from the political left. Scalise, a congressman from Louisiana who is the No. 3 House Republican, suffered injuries to internal organs, broken bones and severe bleeding after being shot in the left hip on a baseball field where he and other lawmakers were practicing for a charity baseball game. Scalise underwent a second surgery for internal injuries and a broken leg - his third procedure overall - and remained in critical condition but had shown improvement, MedStar Washington Hospital Center said in a statement on Thursday. Scalise, 51, and three others were wounded when a man identified as James Hodgkinson, 66, from the St. Louis suburb of Belleville, Illinois, opened fire on the lawmakers. The others wounded were a police officer, a congressional aide and a lobbyist. Hodgkinson, who had a history of posting angry messages against Trump and other Republicans on social media, died after being wounded by police. The U.S. Capitol Police said Hodgkinson used a 9 mm handgun and a 7.62-caliber rifle in the shooting, and traces run by investigators showed he evidently acquired the weapons legally. “Both were purchased by the shooter from federal firearms licensees,” the Capitol Police said in a statement. “We currently have no evidence to suggest that the purchases were not lawful.” The FBI recovered a cellphone, computer and camera from Hodgkinson’s van and was examining them for evidence, the statement said. Trump, who visited Scalise at the hospital on Wednesday, said the congressman was “in some trouble but he’s going to be okay, we hope.”  “It’s been much more difficult than people even thought at the time,” Trump told reporters at the White House on Thursday, adding he also visited the wounded Capitol Police officer at the hospital. Vice President Mike Pence earlier on Thursday said he visited the hospital where Scalise was being treated. Republican members of Congress played their Democratic colleagues in a charity game on Thursday night at Nationals Park, home of the Washington Nationals Major League Baseball team, with thousands of spectators attending. The lawmakers took the field with many wearing hats to honor Scalise. When the members of the Republican team were announced, mention of Scalise’s name drew a standing ovation throughout the stadium. The shooting has raised questions about lawmakers’ security, renewed the nation’s contentious debate over guns and drawn new attention to the harsh rhetoric that reflects America’s political polarization. Trump, in a video message played at the game, said the event had “a much deeper level of meaning” because of the shooting. “In Washington we have our disagreements, but we all agree that we are here to serve this nation we love and the people who call it home,” Trump said. “That’s the source of unity and more than ever we must embrace it.” Many lawmakers in both parties called for unity after the shooting. But at a news conference, Pelosi bristled at comments made by a few Republicans and conservative activists who blamed heated Democratic rhetoric for the incident. “The comments made by my Republican colleagues are outrageous, beneath the dignity of the job that they hold, beneath the dignity of the respect that we would like Congress to command. How dare they say such a thing,” Pelosi said. She said Republican vitriol and caricatures of her had resulted in “calls to my home constantly, threats in front of my family, really predicated on their comments and their paid ads.” Pelosi also cited past remarks by Trump, saying: “You have a president who says: ‘I could shoot someone on Fifth Avenue and nobody would care.’” She did not specify which comments by Republicans she objected to. Among others, Republican Representative Steve King wrote on Twitter that “violence is incited by the leading cultural voices of the Left” and former House Speaker Newt Gingrich cited an “increasing hostility on the left.” ",1
3168,Kansas governor signs school funding bill aimed at adequacy,"(Reuters) - Kansas Governor Sam Brownback on Thursday signed into law a school funding bill that will face scrutiny by the state supreme court to determine if it fulfills a mandate for adequacy. The Republican governor said he approved the measure even though the legislature “missed an opportunity to substantially improve the K-12 funding system.” The Republican-controlled legislature faced a June 30 deadline set by the Kansas Supreme Court in March to come up with enough funding to meet the state constitution’s requirement for adequacy. Alan Rupe, an attorney for school districts that filed a funding lawsuit, said the additional $293 million lawmakers allocated to schools over the next two fiscal years falls far short of what is needed. “We’re grateful for the effort, but it’s not enough to achieve constitutionality,” he said, noting that the Kansas State Board of Education had proposed an $893 million, two-year funding increase. Now that the bill has become law, Rupe said he expects the supreme court to set up a process for the state to demonstrate how the measure complies with the constitutional requirement.  Besides finding more money for schools, Kansas lawmakers also had to plug budget holes largely caused by falling tax revenue. Earlier this month, the legislature overrode Brownback’s veto of a bill hiking income tax rates to raise $1.2 billion over the next two fiscal years. ",1
3169,"Pence slams Venezuela government, drawing rebuke from Maduro","MIAMI (Reuters) - U.S. Vice President Mike Pence held up Venezuela on Thursday as a prime example of what happens when democracy is undermined and urged Latin American leaders to condemn its government, in comments that Venezuela’s president called nauseating. Already suffering a severe economic crisis, Venezuela, a member of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, has recently been convulsed by clashes between security forces and anti-government protesters. “We need only look to the nation of Venezuela to see what happens when democracy is undermined,” Pence told the gathering of leaders in Miami. “That once-rich nation’s collapse into authoritarianism has pushed it into poverty and caused untold suffering for the Venezuelan people.” Stepping up Washington’s war of words with Caracas, Pence added: “We must all of us raise our voices to condemn the Venezuelan government for its abuse of power and its abuse of its own people, and we must do it now.” At least 69 people have died in the unrest in Venezuela since early April, with hundreds injured. Opposition has been fanned by Maduro’s plan for July 30 elections for a special assembly to rewrite the constitution, which critics say are stacked in his favor. The Maduro government calls the protesters violent coup-mongers, supported by the United States. “I tell the vice president of the United States, get your nose out of Venezuela, there will be no gringo, Yankee, imperialist intervention in Venezuela,” Maduro said in a TV broadcast with members of the armed forces. Maduro added that he read Pence’s comments “and it provokes nausea that a man who doesn’t know where Venezuela is on the map gives his opinion about our country.” Earlier this month, the United States denounced Venezuela for suppressing protests and called for free elections, saying Maduro must not be allowed to follow a “dictatorship” path like Syrian leader Bashar al-Assad. Pence was at a conference to discuss improving security and economic prosperity in Central America, specifically in the violent nations of El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras.  Foreign ministers from across the hemisphere will travel to Cancun, Mexico, next week for a meeting of the Organization of American States, where Venezuela will be discussed. ",1
3170,"Opposing Trump, conservative bloc demands reforms to internet spy law","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - An influential conservative bloc of Republican lawmakers on Thursday said it opposed renewal of an internet surveillance law unless major changes were made in how the U.S. government collects and uses American data, reflecting disagreement within the majority party. A week ago, President Donald Trump’s administration and 14 Republican U.S. senators said they wanted the spying authority to be renewed without any changes before it expires at the end of the year. Amendments to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act adopted by Congress in 2008, including a controversial part known as Section 702, broadened the U.S. government’s legal authority to conduct surveillance of phone calls, emails and other communications belonging to foreigners who live overseas. U.S. intelligence agencies and U.S. allies consider the law vital to national security, but privacy advocates have criticized Section 702 for allowing the incidental collection of data belonging to an unknown number of Americans without a search warrant. “Government surveillance activities under the FISA Amendments Act have violated Americans’ constitutionally protected rights,” the group of about three dozen lawmakers, known as the House Freedom Caucus, said in a statement. “We oppose any reauthorization of the FISA Amendments Act that does not include substantial reforms to the government’s collection and use of Americans’ data.” The caucus in the U.S. House of Representatives has already had success in challenging the Trump White House and the Republican congressional leadership on other policy issues. It opposed legislation to overhaul the U.S. healthcare system on grounds that it did not do enough to repeal former President Barack Obama’s healthcare law, earning concessions on a bill that passed the House in May. The intraparty dissent among Republicans in Congress over Section 702 resembles a debate that took place two years ago, when lawmakers disagreed sharply over whether to curtail a National Security Agency program that collected U.S. call metadata in bulk - a practice exposed publicly by former intelligence contractor Edward Snowden. The dispute led to the brief expiration of the USA Patriot Act before lawmakers passed a law effectively terminating the bulk collection practice. The extent of Section 702 spying was also revealed in disclosures by Snowden, prompting outrage internationally and embarrassing some U.S. technology firms. On Wednesday, a declassified court document, made public in response to lawsuits filed by the American Civil Liberties Union and Electronic Frontier Foundation, revealed that an unidentified U.S. technology company objected in 2014 to participating in a Section 702 program, but was ordered by a judge on the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court to comply. ",1
3171,"U.S. Senate votes near unanimously for Russia, Iran sanctions","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate voted nearly unanimously on Thursday for legislation to impose new sanctions on Russia and force President Donald Trump to get Congress’ approval before easing any existing sanctions on Russia. In a move that could complicate U.S. President Donald Trump’s desire for warmer relations with Moscow, the Senate backed the measure by 98-2. Republican Senator Rand Paul and Bernie Sanders, an independent who caucuses with the Democrats, were the only two “no” votes. The measure is intended to punish Russia for meddling in the 2016 U.S. election, its annexation of Ukraine’s Crimea region and support for Syria’s government in the six-year-long civil war. If passed in the House of Representatives and signed into law by Trump, it would put into law sanctions previously established via former President Barack Obama’s executive orders, including some on Russian energy projects. The legislation also allows new sanctions on Russian mining, metals, shipping and railways and targets Russians guilty of conducting cyber attacks or supplying weapons to Syria’s government. “The legislation sends a very, very strong signal to Russia, the nefarious activities they’ve been involved in,” Senator Bob Corker, the Republican chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, said as lawmakers debated the measure. If the measure became law, it could complicate relations with some countries in Europe. Germany and Austria said the new punitive measures could expose European companies involved in projects in Russia to fines. The legislation sets up a review process that would require Trump to get Congress’ approval before taking any action to ease, suspend or lift any sanctions on Russia. Trump was especially effusive about Russian president Vladimir Putin during the 2016 U.S. election campaign, though his openness to closer ties to Moscow has tempered somewhat, with his administration on the defensive over investigations into Russian meddling in the election. Putin dismissed the proposed sanctions, saying they reflected an internal political struggle in the United States, and that Washington’s policy of imposing sanctions on Moscow had always been to try to contain Russia. The bill also includes new sanctions on Iran over its ballistic missile program and other activities not related to the international nuclear agreement reached with the United States and other world powers. To become law, the legislation must pass the House of Representatives and be signed by Trump. House aides said they expected the chamber would begin to debate the measure in coming weeks.  However, they could not predict if it would come up for a final vote before lawmakers leave Washington at the end of July for their summer recess. Senior aides told Reuters they expected some sanctions package would eventually pass, but they expected the measure would be changed in the House. The Trump administration has pushed back against the bill, and his fellow Republicans hold a commanding 238- to 193-seat majority in the chamber. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson questioned the legislation on Wednesday, urging Congress to ensure that any sanctions package “allows the president to have the flexibility to adjust sanctions to meet the needs of what is always an evolving diplomatic situation.” Previously, U.S. energy sanctions had only targeted Russia’s future high-tech energy projects, such as drilling for oil in the Arctic, fracking and offshore drilling. They blocked U.S. companies such as Exxon Mobil, where Tillerson was chairman, from investing in such projects. The new bill would slap sanctions on companies in other countries looking to invest in those projects in the absence of U.S. companies, a practice known as backfilling. Also included for the first time are discretionary measures the Trump administration could impose on investments by companies in Western countries on Russia energy export pipelines to Europe. The Senate also voted overwhelmingly on Thursday to add provisions to the bill allowing the U.S. space agency NASA to continue using Russian-made rocket engines and the 100 senators voted unanimously for an amendment reaffirming the U.S. commitment to the NATO alliance. ",1
3172,White House says existing sanctions against Russia are effective,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Existing sanctions against Russia are already effective, the White House said on Thursday, after the U.S. Senate voted nearly unanimously for legislation to impose new sanctions on Moscow. ",1
3173,Texas governor approves adoption bill that critics contend discriminates,"AUSTIN, Texas (Reuters) - The Texas governor signed a law on Thursday to protect the religious rights of faith-based groups in state child welfare programs, but critics said it could be used to discriminate against LGBT and non-Christian families in adoptions. Republican Governor Greg Abbott signed House Bill 3859 which allows faith-based groups working with the Texas child welfare system to deny services “under circumstances that conflict with the provider’s sincerely held religious beliefs.” It was supported by several Christian groups. The bill’s sponsor, Republican Representative James Frank, said on social media,”HB 3859 bans no one” and has a mechanism for the state to offer alternative providers to anyone denied the right to be adoptive or foster parents because of the provider’s religious beliefs.  He said the legislation would help troubled children find homes.  Abbott’s office was not immediately available for comment. Democrats and civil rights groups said the bill could allow private, faith-based agencies to block parents who practice a different religion or who are lesbian, gay, bisexual or transgender.  LGBT rights groups have said they would challenge the adoption bill in court, arguing discrimination in the name of religion had no place in the state. “This law’s clear intent is to allow service providers that receive state tax dollars to misuse religion as a license to discriminate against LGBT families and children in the state’s child-welfare system,” said Kathy Miller, president of the Texas Freedom Network, a civil rights group. Texas next month holds a special 30-day session of the Republican-controlled legislature with one item on the agenda, a bill that would limit access to public bathrooms for transgender people. Critics contend the legislation would promote discrimination. ",1
3174,U.S. states could not set self-driving car rules under Republican plan,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - California and other states would be barred from setting their own rules governing design and testing of self-driving cars, while federal regulators would be blocked from demanding pre-market approval for autonomous vehicle technology, according to a U.S. House Republican proposal reviewed by Reuters on Thursday. The draft legislation, while far from becoming law, still represents a victory for General Motors Co, Alphabet Inc, Tesla Inc and other automakers and technology companies seeking to persuade Congress and the Trump administration to pre-empt rules under consideration in California, New York and other states that could limit deployment of self-driving vehicles. The industry also opposed an Obama administration proposal last year that raised the possibility of giving regulators the power to review and approve self-driving car technology before it was put into service, similar to the vetting by Federal Aviation Administration of new technology for aircraft. The 45-page draft package of 14 bills would designate the U.S. National Highway Traffic Safety Administration as the lead agency for regulating self-driving cars, pre-empting state rules.  States could still set insurance and registration rules but could not use them as a way to regulate self-driving technologies. California has proposed changes to its self-driving car rules, but automakers said in April it has not gone far enough. One of the bills in the proposal would allow the U.S. Transportation Department to exempt up to 100,000 vehicles per year from U.S. federal motor vehicle safety rules, which currently prevent the sale of self-driving vehicles without steering wheels, pedals and other human controls. Another would declare crash data, other testing and validation reports from automated cars turned over to U.S. regulators to be “confidential business information.” U.S. Representative Bob Latta, who chairs a key panel overseeing automobile regulation, called the draft legislation “an important step in establishing a framework to allow innovators to safely develop and test autonomous vehicles.” He said Republicans want “to continue working with all parties in a bipartisan manner as we refine language and move toward a consensus package.” On Tuesday, a bipartisan trio of U.S. senators said they planned to introduce legislation to remove regulatory roadblocks to the introduction of self-driving cars. Mitch Bainwol, head of the Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers, an auto trade group, told Congress on Wednesday it should work to eliminate state or local laws that could “unduly burden or restrict the use of self-driving vehicles in the future.” ",1
3175,Pence hires counsel to deal with Russia probe inquiries,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Vice President Mike Pence has hired outside legal counsel to help with questions from investigators probing alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. election and possible collusion with the Trump campaign, a spokesman said on Thursday. Pence has retained Virginia attorney Richard Cullen, who previously served as a U.S. attorney in the Eastern District of Virginia, spokesman Jarrod Agen said. The Washington Post first reported Pence was hiring counsel. President Donald Trump last month named Marc Kasowitz, a New York-based trial lawyer, as his private attorney for the Russia investigation. Special counsel Robert Mueller and several congressional committees are investigating possible ties between the Trump campaign and suspected Russian efforts to sway the election in Trump’s favor. On Wednesday, the Washington Post reported that Mueller is investigating Trump for possible obstruction of justice in the Russia investigation. “I can confirm that the vice president has retained Richard Cullen of McGuire Woods to assist him in responding to inquiries by the special counsel,” Agen said in a statement. “The vice president is focused entirely on his duties ... and looks forward to a swift conclusion of this matter,” Agen said. ",1
3176,U.S. consumer financial watchdog accuses congressional critics of  'misstatements',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The head of the U.S. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau accused congressional critics of relying on “misstatements” to criticize his agency, which was set up under former President Barack Obama to pursue bad behavior by financial institutions. Richard Cordray, the bureau’s director, wrote to “correct the record” in a letter sent to a congressional panel on Wednesday regarding a recent report critical of the CFPB’s work in a high-profile scandal. The five-page letter took issue with multiple conclusions reached in a report released earlier this month by Republican staff on the House Financial Services Committee. Some members of the committee have pushed for Republican President Donald Trump to fire Cordray, who has headed the agency since he was appointed by Obama, a Democrat, in 2012. The report said the CFPB had been an ineffective watchdog against Wells Fargo & Co, missing extensive improper sales practices and taking action only after work on the bank’s unauthorized accounts scandal had been done by others.  The committee’s report also depicted the CFPB as reluctant to cooperate with the panel’s Well Fargo probe. Cordray insisted that his agency had done critical work in policing Wells Fargo, and said the report “devolves into various misstatements and allegations” about the CFPB’s work. The CFPB, along with the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency and the city and county of Los Angeles, struck a $185 million settlement against the bank in September. Cordray argued that improper sales practices were underway at Wells Fargo as far back as 2001, while his agency was only fully staffed in 2014. He maintained the CFPB had acted properly in monitoring the bank, and the CFPB’s presence allowed the federal government to provide relief to wronged consumers across the country as part of the settlement. He went on to accuse Republican staff of refusing to receive a September briefing from his staff on Wells Fargo, instead demanding he personally brief them with one day’s notice, which he was unable to do. He said he also offered to publicly testify at a committee hearing devoted to Wells Fargo, but did not receive an invitation. A committee spokesman did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Cordray is one of a handful of remaining regulatory heads that were appointed by Obama. Republicans have criticized the CFPB since it created as part of the 2010 Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform law. Efforts to fundamentally reshape the agency have ramped up since the November 2016 election. ",1
3177,Putin quips he's ready to grant asylum to ex-FBI chief Comey,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin joked on Thursday that if former FBI director James Comey suffers persecution because of his falling-out with U.S. President Donald Trump, Russia is ready to grant him asylum. The offer, made with Putin’s trademark sardonic humor, came as the Russian president poured scorn on Comey for his role in a row in Washington over alleged Russian meddling in last year’s U.S. presidential election. At a congressional hearing this month, Comey said Trump asked him to drop an investigation into contacts between Trump associates and Russian officials, while the U.S. president has accused Comey of not telling the truth. Asked about Comey at a question-and-answer session with Russian voters, Putin said it was “strange” that, while still FBI director, Comey had passed the contents of a conversation he had with Trump to the media via a friend. “What is the difference then between the FBI director and Mr. Snowden?” Putin said, referring to former U.S. National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden, who was granted asylum in Russia in 2013 after leaking classified information about U.S. spy operations. “In this case, he (Comey) is not the head of a special service but a human rights activist who defends a certain position,” Putin said. “By the way, if he is subject to any sort of persecution in connection with this, we will be ready to give him political asylum in Russia. And he should know about this.” Striking a more serious note, Putin said Comey, in his congressional testimony, had produced no proof that Russia had meddled in the U.S. election. “I am not familiar in detail with the testimony given by former FBI director Comey,” Putin said. “Again, he gave no evidence of this (Russian interference).” “And what about constant U.S. propaganda, constant U.S. support of America-oriented non-governmental organizations by giving them money directly? Isn’t it an impact on our minds? Isn’t it an attempt to influence how we should behave during election campaigns? This continues year after year,” he said. Putin said many heads of state around the world had told him of similar U.S. meddling in their internal affairs. But they would not voice their concerns openly, fearing they would “spoil relations” with Washington, he said.  As for Russia, “we have an opinion of our own, we express it openly. But this is not any sort of underground, subversive activity”, Putin said. ",1
3178,White House does not yet have plan on debt limit: budget chief,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House has not settled on a plan for working with Congress to raise the federal debt limit, U.S. budget director Mick Mulvaney said on Thursday, even as the deadline loomed for the government to increase its borrowing authority. The Trump administration has urged Congress to increase the debt limit before it heads out for its August recess, but Mulvaney said officials had not decided what form the legislation should take. “There are various thoughts about how to get something passed, but I don’t think we’ve settled on how to move forward yet,” Mulvaney told reporters at a briefing. “Will it be a clean debt ceiling vote? Will it be a debt ceiling vote with some type of reforms attached to it? I don’t think we’ve settled on that.”  The U.S. government has a legal limit on how much it can borrow, currently set at about $19.8 trillion. The limit can be increased only by a vote of Congress. The White House has sent mixed signals on how the debt limit should be handled by lawmakers.  Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin asked lawmakers to pass a bill without any measures attached to it. However, Mulvaney, a conservative Republican, was known to favor using the debt limit as leverage to get spending cuts during his time in Congress, before he was tapped to be budget director.      He downplayed any disagreements within the administration, saying it was not unusual for a Treasury secretary and a budget director to have different views on the debt limit.  “It is not a source of division right now in the White House, nor is it a source of division in the party,” he said. But on Capitol Hill, the House Freedom Caucus, an influential group of about three dozen conservative Republican lawmakers to which Mulvaney once belonged, has called for any increase in the debt ceiling to be linked to reforms that cut unnecessary spending and work toward balancing the U.S. budget. Freedom Caucus leader Mark Meadows said on Thursday he favored such a conditional raising of the debt ceiling by about $1.5 trillion, which he believes may be somewhat less than what the Trump administration wants. “There’s a number of us who are talking about a $1.5 trillion range, as long as there are some structural reforms, some other things that could go along with that,” Meadows said in the House Speaker’s Lobby. Republicans control the White House and both chambers of Congress. Generally, conservative Republicans have attempted to use the debt limit to push fiscal reform, while Democrats and moderate Republicans have opposed such ultimatums. Lower tax revenues this year have forced the U.S. Treasury to borrow more money to cover the federal budget deficit, which may lead to the government hitting its legal debt limit sooner than expected, experts say. Mnuchin said Monday that the government would be able to pay its bills at least through early September. ",1
3179,White House scraps some agency paperwork rules in push for efficiency,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House has eliminated nearly 60 requirements for agencies to submit paperwork that it has deemed out of date or unnecessary in a bid to begin making the federal government operate more efficiently, U.S. budget director Mick Mulvaney said on Thursday. The Office of Management and Budget, which Mulvaney heads, has directed agencies to come up with plans to streamline their operations. As a part of this push, the budget office reviewed 253 of its guidance and policy documents and found that 59 were no longer needed. President Donald Trump has pledged to reorganize the federal government and to do away with onerous rules and policies that slow down administration priorities and increase the cost of governing. Some of the paperwork that the budget office deemed unnecessary included old requirements for submitting plans for Y2K, the effort to get computer systems up to date for the year 2000. Another scrapped requirement was that agencies develop 10 to 15 page business plans for contracts over $50 million. Under a new process, agencies will use a three-page template. The White House has directed agencies outside of OMB to conduct reviews of their own paperwork obligations to see what can be removed. Mulvaney also said the White House would begin assessing the various government reports to Congress that are required by statutes to develop a list of those that lawmakers should consider rescinding. ",1
3180,Illinois governor orders special session to break budget impasse,"CHICAGO (Reuters) - Illinois’ Republican governor, Bruce Rauner, has ordered lawmakers to return to work starting next Wednesday to pass a budget as the clock ticks down to the July 1 start of a new fiscal year. But there is no sign in the Democratic-led legislature that a breakthrough in the 23-month impasse could be imminent. Rauner warned on Thursday that the inability to pass a budget could bring “devastating and long-lasting ramifications” for the nation’s fifth-largest state. Those include possible “junk” credit ratings, a halt to state-funded road projects, and suspension from national lotteries. Illinois is limping toward the June 30 end of an unprecedented second-straight fiscal year without a complete spending plan due to an impasse between Rauner and Democratic leaders.  Rauner said he would sign into law a bill package unveiled by Republican legislators on Wednesday that includes a $36 billion budget, a school funding revamp, and several measures he has sought such as a local property tax freeze, term limits for top state officials and cost-saving changes to the system that compensates injured workers. The bills require three-fifths majority votes for passage instead of a simple majority. “It is a true compromise – and one I hope the majority in the General Assembly will accept,” the governor said in a Facebook video posted on Thursday. Rauner and Democrats continued to blame each other for the budget crisis. “House Democrats will continue our work on the budget from Springfield, but as Governor Rauner has met each of our attempts to date with refusal, it’s clear that the onus is on the governor to show that he is finally serious about working in good faith to end the crisis he has manufactured,” House Speaker Michael Madigan said in a statement. If Illinois still lacks a budget when the new fiscal year dawns, the consequences could be big. The state’s credit ratings could sink to “junk,” a first for any U.S. state, leaving some investors unable to buy the state’s debt and others to demand even fatter yields. The state will be suspended from participating in the Powerball and Mega Millions lotteries due to the lack of fiscal 2018 appropriations to pay winning ticket holders, Illinois Lottery spokesman Jason Schaumburg said. The games have generated about $240 million in sales in Illinois so far in fiscal 2017. With no money to pay road contractors, Illinois’ transportation department is shutting down about 700 ongoing projects that carry a price tag of $2.3 billion, according to department spokeswoman Gianna Urgo. The budget impasse has ballooned Illinois’ pile of unpaid bills to $15 billion as of Wednesday, fueling litigation by unpaid vendors and others. A U.S. judge has set a June 20 deadline for Illinois to start paying more of the $2 billion it owes Medicaid providers. ",1
3181,Trump visits U.S. Supreme Court as justices weigh travel ban,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump visited the Supreme Court on Thursday for the first time since taking office to attend a ceremony for Neil Gorsuch, the justice he appointed, as the court mulls what to do with his blocked ban on travelers from six Muslim-majority countries. The president and first lady Melania Trump were present in the marble-clad courthouse for an investiture ceremony formally welcoming Gorsuch to the top U.S. court. Gorsuch was confirmed by the Senate and sworn in as a justice in April and authored his first ruling last week in a debt-collection case. Trump sat near the front of the ornate, burgundy-draped courtroom as Chief Justice John Roberts offered him and the first lady a “warm welcome” in opening remarks. The president sat quietly as Roberts administered the judicial oath to Gorsuch and joined the crowd in applauding Gorsuch, smiling broadly.  In appointing Gorsuch, Trump restored the court’s 5-4 conservative majority. Trump did not speak at the event. Other notable figures at the ceremony included several members of the Senate Judiciary Committee and attorneys general during George W. Bush’s presidency, including John Ashcroft and Alberto Gonzales. Also attending was Kenneth Starr, the former independent counsel who investigated Bill Clinton during his presidency. A special counsel examining whether Trump’s presidential campaign team colluded with Russia in the 2016 election is now investigating Trump for possible obstruction of justice. Trump’s travel ban is now before the justices after being blocked by lower courts. In deciding whether to allow the travel ban to go into effect, the justices are set to weigh whether Trump’s election campaign rhetoric can be used as evidence that the March 6 order was intended to discriminate against Muslims in violation of the Constitution. Trump during the 2016 presidential campaign called for a “total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States.” The court is currently considering an emergency request from Trump’s administration seeking to put the travel ban into effect while litigation continues. Federal judges in Maryland and Hawaii blocked Trump’s 90-day ban on travelers from Libya, Iran, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. The Hawaii judge also blocked a 120-day ban on refugees entering the United States. The injunctions blocking the ban were upheld on appeal. Trump was able to make the appointment of Gorsuch only because the Republican-led Senate last year refused to consider former President Barack Obama’s nominee to the court, Merrick Garland.  ",1
3182,Scalise in critical condition after attack by gunman at baseball field,"ALEXANDRIA, Va. (Reuters) - Congressman Steve Scalise, the No. 3 Republican in the U.S. House of Representatives, was in critical condition on Wednesday night after he and three others were shot as they practiced for a charity baseball game. The gunman, who had posted angry messages against President Donald Trump and other Republicans on social media, opened fire on a group of Republican lawmakers and colleagues at a baseball field in Alexandria, Virginia, outside Washington. He was wounded in a gunfight with Capitol Hill police at the scene and later died. Scalise was shot in the left hip, suffering broken bones, injuries to internal organs and severe bleeding.  He underwent surgery but would need further operations, the MedStar Washington Hospital Center said. “Rep. Steve Scalise, one of the truly great people, is in very tough shape - but he is a real fighter. Pray for Steve!” Trump said on Twitter after visiting the hospital on Wednesday night. The gunman, identified by police as 66-year-old James Hodgkinson from the St. Louis suburb of Belleville, Illinois,  fired repeatedly at the men playing on the baseball field on Wednesday morning.  Congressmen at the ballpark described hearing loud noises like the sound of firecrackers and 15 to 20 people lying on the ground and realizing they had only baseball bats to defend themselves against bullets. “When he started shooting, he was shooting to kill people. And thank God he wasn’t a very good shot,” said Representative Joe Barton, the Republican team’s manager. Also wounded were a congressional aide and one former aide who now works as a lobbyist, officials said. One Capitol Hill police officer suffered a gunshot wound and another officer twisted an ankle and was released from a hospital, police said. “It was not only chaotic but it was a combat situation,” Alexandria Police Chief Mike Brown told reporters. While police and the Federal Bureau of Investigation said it was too early to determine whether it was a deliberate political attack, the shooting intensified concerns about the sharp divide and bitter rhetoric in U.S. politics. FBI special agent Tim Slater declined to comment on whether the gunman had a vendetta against Republicans. “We continue to actively investigate the shooter’s motives, acquaintances and whereabouts that led to today’s incidents,”  Slater told reporters. No one else was in custody, he said. The gunman was believed to have been in the Alexandria area since March, Slater said. Investigators believe that the suspect had been living out of his vehicle. Wednesday’s shooting revived debate about gun rights in America. Virginia’s Democratic governor, Terry McAuliffe, urged gun control measures.  Scalise has been a strong opponent of gun control measures. Hodgkinson had raged against Trump on social media and was a member of anti-Republican groups on Facebook including, “The Road to Hell Is Paved With Republicans,” “Terminate The Republican Party,” and “Donald Trump is not my President,” a search of his Facebook profile showed. As businessman Trump rose to become the Republican nominee in the 2016 presidential election, his brash style and outspoken views on immigration and other policies led to mass protests, including on the weekend of his inauguration in January.  The charity ballgame between a Republican team and a Democratic team will go ahead as scheduled on Thursday at Nationals Park, home of the Washington Nationals Major League Baseball team. Representative Tim Ryan, who early on Wednesday was practicing for the ballgame with fellow Democrats, told reporters that Washington politicians needed to cool their rhetoric. “We’ve got to get back to ... where things aren’t so personal and we’re so judgmental of each other. It’s got to stop. A member of the U.S. Congress got shot because they didn’t like (his) political views,” Ryan said. Trump, who announced the gunman’s death, called for unity. “We are strongest when we are unified and when we work together for the common good,” he said. In a show of bipartisanship, Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan said on the floor of the House: “An attack on one of us is an attack on all of us.” The House’s top Democrat, Nancy Pelosi, echoed Ryan’s message. The shooting happened shortly after 7 a.m. There were 20 House members and two senators present, and the shooting lasted about 10 minutes, said Barton. Two lawmakers who were at the scene, Representatives Ron DeSantis and Jeff Duncan, indicated there might have been a political motive in the attack. Duncan said that as he left the field, the man who would later open fire approached him in the parking lot. “He asked me who was practicing this morning, Republicans or Democrats, and I said: ‘That’s the Republicans practicing,’” Duncan told reporters. DeSantis gave a similar account. Senator Bernie Sanders, an independent who sought the 2016 Democratic presidential nomination, said he had been told that  Hodgkinson had served as a volunteer with his campaign. “Let me be as clear as I can be: Violence of any kind is unacceptable in our society and I condemn this action in the strongest possible terms,” Sanders said. Ryan, the House speaker, is reviewing rules on how rank-and-file lawmakers can increase their personal security, according to several lawmakers. “Members get threats on a regular basis and have trouble determining which are real,” House Democratic whip Steny Hoyer told reporters. The shooting took place at Eugene Simpson Stadium Park in the Del Ray neighborhood of Alexandria, across the Potomac River from Washington.       Representative Mo Brooks told CNN that during batting practice, he heard a “bam” and then a quick succession of shots and saw the gunman shooting through the holes in a chain link fence. When Scalise was shot, he went down on the infield between first and second base, then dragged himself into the grassy outfield as the incident unfolded, leaving a trail of blood,  Brooks said. Two Capitol police officers who were there to provide security for the lawmakers engaged the gunman with pistols, Brooks said. “But for the Capitol police and the heroism they showed, it could very well have been a large-scale massacre. All we would have had would have been baseball bats versus a rifle. Those aren’t good odds,” Brooks said. Wednesday’s attack was the first shooting of a member of Congress since January 2011, when Democratic Representative Gabby Giffords was seriously wounded in an assassination attempt at a gathering of constituents in Tucson, Arizona. Six people were killed. Giffords resigned from Congress and became an activist for gun restrictions. ",1
3183,Scalise undergoes more surgery: source,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Congressman Steve Scalise, the No. 3 Republican in the House of Representatives, underwent another surgical procedure on Thursday, a source familiar with the lawmaker’s condition told Reuters one day after the Louisiana Republican was shot.  Additional procedures may also be necessary, the source said, speaking on the condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the situation.  ",1
3184,Ex-Homeland Secretary Johnson to testify in Russia probe: House intel panel,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Former Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson will testify next Wednesday before the intelligence committee in the House of Representatives as part of its probe of Russian meddling in the U.S. presidential election, the panel said on Thursday. The committee said in a statement that Johnson would appear in an open session beginning at 10 a.m. ET on June 21 to answer questions related to the active measures Russia took to affect the outcome of the 2016 U.S. presidential vote. ",1
3185,What we know about U.S. probes of Russian meddling in 2016 election,"(Reuters) - U.S. intelligence agencies have alleged that Russia interfered in the 2016 presidential election to benefit President Donald Trump. Law enforcement agencies and congressional committees are investigating Russian meddling and possible collusion with members of Trump’s campaign. Here is what is publicly known and not known:   How did the investigations begin? Former President Barack Obama ordered U.S. intelligence agencies to assess whether Russia tried to intervene in the  election after a cyber attack on the Democratic National Committee in July 2016 and the publication of thousands of hacked personal emails from Hillary Clinton’s campaign manager in the month before the Nov. 8 election. Obama told intelligence officials to deliver a report on possible foreign interference before he left the White House in January 2017. What did the intelligence agencies find?  The Central Intelligence Agency, the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the National Security Agency concluded in a report declassified in January that Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered a campaign not just to undermine confidence in the U.S. electoral system but to affect the outcome. The agencies said Putin and the Russian government had a clear preference for Trump to win the White House. Putin’s  associates hacked information, paid social media “trolls” and backed efforts by Russian government agencies and state-funded media to sway public opinion, the agencies said.  The report stopped short of assessing whether Russia succeeded in swaying the election result. Putin and other Russian officials have repeatedly denied interfering in the U.S. election. How many U.S. investigations are there into Russian election meddling? Comey told the House Intelligence Committee on March 20 that the FBI was investigating Moscow’s role in the election, including possible collusion with Trump’s campaign. The Justice Department announced on May 17 that it had appointed Robert Mueller, a former FBI director, as special counsel to lead an independent Russia probe. Mueller would, if the evidence merits, work in tandem with the FBI to handle any related criminal prosecutions. In addition, there are multiple committees in the Senate and House of Representatives investigating various aspects of Russian election meddling. What has Trump said about Russia’s role in the election? He has not taken a clear public position. At a July 2016 news conference, Trump addressed an FBI probe into Clinton’s use of a private email system when she was secretary of state and emails that had possibly been deleted by saying: “I will tell you this, Russia: if you’re listening, I hope you’re able to find the 30,000 emails that are missing.” He subsequently dismissed reports, including from U.S. intelligence officials, that Russia had attempted to intervene in the election on his behalf.    The first time Trump said he accepted the findings of the intelligence agencies was at a Jan. 11 news conference ahead of his inauguration. “As far as hacking, I think it was Russia,” Trump said, although he added: “It could have been others also.” Trump said in May that China may have hacked the emails of Democratic officials to meddle with the election, offering no evidence and countering the view of intelligence officials. Trump has made clear on multiple occasions he believes the Russia investigations have run their course and should be closed. “The Russia-Trump collusion story is a total hoax, when will this taxpayer funded charade end?” he wrote on Twitter on May 8. On May 30, Trump tweeted: “Russian officials must be laughing at the U.S. & how a lame excuse for why the Dems lost the election has taken over the Fake News.” Did the FBI probe continue after Comey’s dismissal? There is no evidence that the FBI ended or paused its investigation after Comey’s departure. Andrew McCabe, who is leading the agency as acting director, promised the Senate Intelligence Committee that Comey’s firing would not affect the investigation and that he will notify the committee of any attempt to delay or derail it.  Trump on June 6 chose former U.S. Justice Department official Christopher Wray, who represented New Jersey Governor Chris Christie in the so-called Bridgegate scandal, to be the next FBI director. Wray will need Senate confirmation. Why was Comey fired? The White House cited a May 9 letter to Trump from Attorney General Jeff Sessions that attached a memo from Rod Rosenstein, the deputy attorney general, on “Restoring Confidence in the FBI” that recommended Comey’s dismissal. Rosenstein’s memo said Comey erred in July 2016 by announcing the FBI had been examining Clinton’s use of a private email server and that the case should be closed without prosecution. Rosenstein’s view was that Comey’s decision to make a public statement broke with longstanding FBI precedent and should have been handled by the then-U.S. attorney general, Loretta Lynch. Trump called Comey a “showboat” and “grandstander” in an interview with NBC News on May 11, saying that he would have fired Comey regardless of Rosenstein’s recommendation. Was Comey’s firing related to the FBI’s Russia probe? Comey told the Senate Intelligence Committee he believes his dismissal was directly related to the FBI’s Russia probe. “I know I was fired because of something about the way I was conducting the Russia investigation, was in some way putting pressure on him, in some way irritating him, and he decided to fire me because of that,” Comey said in his June 8 testimony. Trump asked Comey to end the agency’s investigation of Michael Flynn, his former national security adviser, and also to make some sort of public statement that he was not personally under investigation in order to clear “the cloud” hanging over his presidency, according Comey’s testimony. Comey said he found it concerning that Trump would ask him to drop the agency’s probe of Flynn and declined to state publicly that Trump himself was not under investigation, in part because it would create a “duty to correct” if that changed. “I need loyalty, I expect loyalty,” Trump told Comey at a Jan. 27 dinner, according to Comey. Less than a week before he was fired, Comey told a congressional panel that it made him “mildly nauseous” that he may have affected the outcome of the election by publicly re-opening and then re-closing the Clinton email probe days before the election. In an unorthodox move, Great America Alliance, an offshoot of a pro-Trump super PAC devoted to promoting the White House agenda, developed a television ad called “Showboat” to air as Comey testified. The ad claims Comey was “consumed with election meddling” at the expense of fighting terrorism. Has there been any fallout for Trump associates over contacts with Russia before, during or after the election campaign? Flynn was fired in February. The White House said he had misled Vice President Mike Pence about the contacts he had with Russia’s ambassador to the United States, Sergei Kislyak, before Trump took office. On May 9, federal prosecutors issued grand jury subpoenas seeking business records from people who worked with Flynn when he was a private citizen. On May 10, the Senate Intelligence Committee issued the first subpoena in its Russia investigation, demanding documents from Flynn. He provided the first batch on June 6. Sessions had to recuse himself from involvement in Russia-related probes at the Justice Department because he had not told Congress of his own contacts with Kislyak in 2016. Rosenstein is handling matters related to Russia and it is he who appointed Mueller as special counsel. Is Trump himself under investigation?  Mueller’s probe has expanded to include examining whether Trump obstructed justice by attempting to curtail the FBI’s probe of Russian meddling, the Washington Post reported on June 14. In the short letter Trump sent to Comey dismissing him from the FBI, he had thanked Comey for informing him that he was not under investigation. Comey has confirmed that Trump was not personally under investigation at any point before his dismissal from the FBI. The Post reported the scope of the probe expanded to include Trump shortly after Comey’s dismissal, citing government officials. Trump’s personal lawyer, Marc Kasowitz, denied Trump ever told Comey he needed and expected his loyalty. ",1
3186,Senate may keep some Obamacare taxes in U.S. healthcare overhaul,"Washington (Reuters) - Republican senators trying to repeal Obamacare are forming  consensus to keep some of the U.S. healthcare law’s taxes they long criticized, in hopes of delaying more drastic funding cuts, particularly to the Medicaid program for the poor and disabled.  First proposed by moderate Republicans, the idea is gaining traction among party members, according to five sources involved in or briefed on internal discussions. While no final decisions have been made, a sense of urgency has increased as Republicans draft a replacement bill to former President Barack Obama’s healthcare law before Congress goes on recess on June 30. But keeping some of the taxes in the Senate bill risks alienating conservatives. On Tuesday, 45 conservative groups and activists sent a letter to Republican Senator Orrin Hatch of Utah, the chairman of the Senate Committee on Finance, urging the Senate to repeal all Obamacare taxes. One cornerstone tax that could remain is the net investment income tax, which imposes a 3.8 percent surtax on capital gains, dividends and interest, the sources said. The taxes most likely to be abolished directly impact consumers and the health industry, including a tax on health insurance premiums, the so-called Cadillac tax on high-cost employer-provided insurance and the medical device tax. Another proposal being floated is to keep all the taxes from the Affordable Care Act, often called Obamacare, but to scale them back. A group of 13 Republican senators led by Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has not completed a full draft of the bill, but is sending pieces to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office to assess the impact of various provisions. The CBO’s assessment will help determine which taxes the Senate needs in order to pay for its replacement bill. It is not clear whether McConnell, or more conservative party members such as Senator Ted Cruz of Texas and Senator Mike Lee of Utah, are receptive to keeping some of the taxes. “I think most of the taxes are going to go away,” Senator John Thune of South Dakota, the Senate’s No. 3-ranking Republican, said on Tuesday. “Our members are still having a conversation about if we want to make changes that are in the end going to require some additional revenue.” Spokesmen for McConnell and Cruz declined to comment. A spokesman for Lee said he wants Republicans to abolish every tax that was included in a 2015 Obamacare repeal bill that Obama vetoed.  Since Obamacare became law in 2010, Republicans have campaigned on repealing the program that extended insurance coverage to 20 million additional Americans through both subsidized private insurance and an expansion of Medicaid. They have argued that the law is too costly and represents undue government interference in Americans’ healthcare. President Donald Trump promised to eliminate the law on his first day in office, but Republicans, who control the White House, the House of Representatives and the Senate, have struggled to coalesce around a single plan. Under Senate rules, their bill must replicate the $133 billion in savings projected by preliminary legislation that passed in the U.S. House of Representatives last month. That bill would end Obamacare’s expansion of Medicaid in 2020, slash its federal funding by more than $800 billion over 10 years and eliminate most of the law’s taxes. Moderate Republican senators from states that expanded Medicaid, including Rob Portman of Ohio, Shelley Moore Capito of West Virginia and Dean Heller of Nevada, have proposed phasing out the expansion over a seven-year period, from 2020 to 2027, to give state governors more time to cut program costs. That timeframe also prevents senators, who serve six-year terms, from having to run for re-election when Medicaid cuts have been implemented, two former Republican Senate aides said.  Some of Obamacare’s taxes could also be repealed later when Congress tackles new legislation overhauling the U.S. tax code, two current Senate aides said.  “There’s no question that the current debate is not centered on eliminating all the taxes in Obamacare right now,” Senator Tim Scott of South Carolina said last week. Under a process called reconciliation, the bill needs at least 50 votes to pass, with Vice President Mike Pence casting the tie-breaking vote if needed. In an interview with Reuters last month, McConnell said he did not yet know how he would get enough votes for an Obamacare repeal. “Think of me with a Rubik’s cube, sitting there trying to think about what combination will get you to 50,” McConnell said.  ",1
3187,"Democrats must focus on swing suburbs to win elections, Chicago mayor says","CHICAGO (Reuters) - Democrats face years of work, focusing on “kitchen table” economic issues over several election cycles, if they want to regain ground lost to Republicans, Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel said on Wednesday. The Democratic mayor of the nation’s third largest city also said Republican President Donald Trump’s legal and political troubles give Democrats a chance to regain a large slice of the more than 1,000 seats Democrats have lost in Congress and state legislatures since 2008. With Democrats controlling cities and Republicans dominating rural areas, the battle will be fought among swing suburban voters, he added. “It’s not going to be done in a singular election,” Emanuel told Reuters in a wide-ranging, exclusive interview.  “The real crux question to me as a party is what I call kitchen table economics,” Emanuel said. Home ownership, affordable college, job security, retirement savings and health care are key issues, he said. Chicago has faced fiscal problems and untamed street violence since Emanuel first was elected mayor in 2011. The release in 2015 of a dashcam video showing a Chicago police officer fatally shooting an unarmed teenager led to street protests that hurt the mayor’s standing with voters. Black Lives Matter sued the city Wednesday, seeking to force Emanuel to agree to federal oversight of proposed police reforms. Emanuel said the Justice Department under President Trump will not participate. “I can’t wish a different Justice Department,” Emanuel said. Instead, he is focused on police body cameras, more training and the hiring of new cops in supervisory roles, he added. Emanuel cited improvements under his leadership, public transportation in particular. “Eighty-five percent of our people in the city are happy with our public transportation system. In New York, I don’t think you could get 85 people, let alone 85 percent,” he said, citing not-yet-published data from an annual ridership survey for the Chicago Transit Authority.  Emanuel blamed Illinois Republican Governor Bruce Rauner for gridlock that has put the state’s credit rating near “junk” status and helped bring the Chicago Public Schools to the brink of insolvency. “There is a fundamental flaw here in the inability to find a way to say, ‘Yes,’” Emanuel said.  Rauner spokeswoman Eleni Demertzis said the mayor and Democratic House Speaker Michael Madigan are to blame for the state’s budget stalemate and “saying no at every turn.” In national politics, Emanuel is positioned to play a role as a leader of Democratic Party efforts to recover from the 2016 electoral defeat. He has served as White House adviser to President Barack Obama and President Bill Clinton and led the 2006 mid-term campaign that returned Democrats to a majority in Congress.  With a 38 percent approval rating in a May Reuters/Ipsos poll, Trump’s unpopularity figures to be a dominant issue during the 2018 mid-term elections, Emanuel said. He declined to predict whether Trump will finish his term. “It’s a parlor game right now,” he said. ",1
3188,"Factbox: U.S. lawmaker, others in hospital after shooting at baseball practice","(Reuters) - A senior member of the U.S. House of Representatives and other victims were rushed to medical facilities with injuries on Wednesday after a gunman opened fire on a baseball field where Republican lawmakers were practicing for a charity game. The shooter, identified as James Hodgkinson of Illinois, was also taken to a hospital where he died from gunshot wounds. The following is information about the victims and their medical status after the shootings in Alexandria, Virginia, near Washington: - Majority Whip Steve Scalise, the No. 3 Republican in the House, was shot in the hip and was receiving care at MedStar Washington Hospital Center, his office said. Scalise was out of surgery but remained in critical condition, according to the hospital. As whip, Scalise, 51, from Louisiana, is responsible for rounding up votes for legislation and maintaining order among his party’s fractious ranks. A year ago, Scalise and other Republican leaders blocked gun control legislation from coming to a vote on the House floor following a mass shooting at a nightclub in Orlando, Florida. - Matt Mika, a lobbyist for Arkansas-based Tyson Foods Inc and former staffer for two former Republican representatives, was shot in the chest, according to witnesses. In a statement, Mika’s family said he was shot multiple times and was in critical condition. Mika served as a White House aide under former President George W. Bush, where he coordinated volunteers, worked with press advance and security details and managed VIP visits. - Zachary Barth, a staffer for U.S. Representative Roger Williams of Texas, was also shot. Williams said on Twitter that he was doing well and “expected to make a full recovery.” - Capitol Hill police officers David Bailey and Crystal Griner were also among the wounded. Both serve as part of Scalise’s security detail and were in good condition, according to U.S. Capitol Police Chief Matthew Verderosa. The Federal Bureau of Investigation said only one of the police officers suffered a gunshot wound. Other people sustained minor injuries during the shooting but were not hit by gunfire. ",1
3189,Man who accused Seattle mayor of sexual abuse drops lawsuit,"SEATTLE (Reuters) - The man who sued Seattle Mayor Ed Murray accusing him of paying him for sex when he was a teenager has dropped the lawsuit, his attorney said on Wednesday, and Murray said he felt vindicated and would consider options for getting back into the race for reelection. In Twitter messages, Lincoln Beauregard, a lawyer for accuser Delvonn Heckard, wrote that his client was “delaying” his lawsuit until the mayor was out of power. Beauregard did not reply to a request for comment beyond the tweets, but emailed a copy of the motion to dismiss the lawsuit. A copy of a court order by a Superior Court judge in King County granting the dismissal was posted online by the Seattle Times newspaper. In April, Heckard, 46, accused Murray in the lawsuit of paying him for sex when Heckard was a homeless, drug-addicted teenager.  The allegations caused Murray, whose mayoral term will expire at the end of 2017, to abandon his campaign for re-election. “I believe the withdrawal of this lawsuit vindicates me,” Murray told a press conference.  “This lawsuit was filed just as people were just getting ready to run, and it’s withdrawn about 30 days after I move out of the race,” he said. Murray, 62, said he was considering his options regarding launching re-entry into the crowded mayoral race.  Murray is Seattle’s first openly gay mayor. As a senator in the Washington state legislature, he was an advocate for gay rights and legalizing same-sex marriage.  ",1
3190,Six Michigan officials criminally charged in Flint water crisis,"(Reuters) - Six current and former Michigan and Flint officials were criminally charged on Wednesday for their roles in the city’s water crisis that was linked to an outbreak of Legionnaires’ disease that caused at least 12 deaths, the state’s attorney general said. Five of the officials, including Michigan Health and Human Services Director Nick Lyon, were charged with involuntary manslaughter stemming from their roles in handling the crisis, Michigan Attorney General Bill Schuette said in a statement.   Involuntary manslaughter is a felony that carries a sentence of up to 15 years in prison. Lyon, 49, was also charged with one count of misconduct in office. The felony charge carries a sentence of up to five years in prison. Four current and former state and Flint officials were also charged with involuntary manslaughter. The four had all been previously charged with lesser crimes in connection with the water crisis.  The state’s chief medical executive, Eden Wells, was charged Wednesday with obstruction of justice and lying to police. Michigan Governor Rick Snyder said in a statement that Lyon and Wells have his “full faith and confidence” and would remain on duty and help in Flint’s recovery. An attorney for Lyon could not be reached for comment. It was not immediately known if Wells had an attorney. Schuette said his team had not spoken with Snyder as part of the investigation. “We attempted to interview the governor. We were not successful,” Schuette said. He declined to elaborate. Previously, Schuette, when asked if Snyder was a target in the investigation, said there were no targets but “nobody is off the table.” Some critics have called for high-ranking state officials, including Snyder, to be charged. Snyder previously said he believed he had not done anything criminally wrong. “The governor isn’t going to speculate on where the investigation is or is not headed, but he continues to cooperate fully,” Snyder’s spokeswoman Anna Heaton said.  Snyder’s attorney, Brian Lennon, said in a statement that Snyder was made available to testify under oath this spring after being told a subpoena would be produced, but that never occurred. He added that Snyder previously testified under oath to Congress. Wednesday’s charges stem from more than 80 cases of Legionnaires’ disease, including the fatalities, that were believed to be linked to the water in Flint after the city switched its source to the Flint River from Lake Huron in April 2014. Lyon was aware of the Legionnaires’ outbreak in Genesee County at least one year before he informed the public, according to court documents. His deliberate failure to inform the public resulted in the death of Genesee Township resident Robert Skidmore, 85, from Legionnaires’ in December 2015, the documents said.   Wells lied to police about when she became aware of the outbreak, according to the documents. She also threatened a team of independent researchers who were studying the source of the disease, court documents said. “It’s good to see that state Attorney General Schuette and his team are taking this matter seriously,” Flint Mayor Karen Weaver said in a statement. “We all are waiting to see what else the investigation uncovers.” The crisis in Flint erupted in 2015 when tests found high amounts of lead in blood samples taken from children in the predominantly black city of about 100,000. The more corrosive river water caused lead to leach from pipes and into the drinking water. Lead levels in Flint’s drinking water have now fallen below levels considered dangerous by federal regulators, state officials said last January. Others charged with involuntary manslaughter on Wednesday included former state-appointed emergency manager Darnell Earley, former Flint city employee Howard Croft, and former state Department of Environmental Quality officials Stephen Busch and Liane Shekter-Smith.   ",1
3191,Gunfire turns U.S. lawmakers' baseball practice into 'killing field',"ALEXANDRIA, Va. (Reuters) - U.S. representatives Ron DeSantis and Jeff Duncan had ducked out of baseball practice early on Wednesday when a middle-aged man in the parking lot asked them if the players in red shirts on the field were Republicans or Democrats. “Republican,” Duncan said before departing. Minutes later, the man, rifle and handgun in tow, opened fire on the congressmen’s teammates - Republican lawmakers gathered on a muggy morning near Washington to prepare for a charity ballgame.  “A killing field,” U.S. Senator Rand Paul said in a televised interview, describing the scene in Arlington, Virginia. “We were sitting ducks,” said Representative Roger Williams. Williams, the team coach, told reporters he was hitting ground balls when he heard what sounded like a car engine backfiring. “He’s got a gun! Run for cover,” Williams heard next. He dove into the dugout behind first base. Zack Barth, a staffer shot in the leg, ran in from the outfield and landed in Williams’ arms. Barth texted for help as more bullets flew. U.S. Senator Jeff Flake used his belt as a makeshift tourniquet to stop the staffer’s bleeding, Williams said. Taking cover behind home plate, U.S. Representative Mo Brooks saw a rifle pointing from a chain link fence behind the third base dugout.  A scream rang out from second base, Brooks said. Steve Scalise, the No. 3 Republican in the House of Representatives, had been shot in the hip and fell to the ground. He left a trail of blood as he dragged himself to the outfield, seeking distance from the gunman who said nothing as he fired. On her front porch just across the street from the field in a trendy, family-friendly neighborhood, Reba Winstead heard a dozen shots. “A bullet just came down my street,” she told an emergency dispatcher. Police audio obtained by media recorded a flood of frantic calls: “Shots being fired ... We need medics ... Victim down in the baseball field.” Alexandria police arrived at 7:12 a.m., about three minutes after the first emergency phone call reporting an active shooter. Members of the Capitol Police, serving as security detail to Scalise, were firing at the gunman.  By 7:14 a.m., the gunman, 66-year-old James Hodgkinson from the St. Louis suburb of Belleville, Illinois, was down. Later he died.  ",1
3192,Suspect in baseball field shooting ranted against Trump on social media,"BELLEVILLE, Ill. (Reuters) - The suspect who opened fire on Republican lawmakers as they played baseball on Wednesday raged against Republican U.S. President Donald Trump on social media and idolized Bernie Sanders, whom he saw as the only politician who understood the working class. Authorities identified the gunman as James Hodgkinson, a 66-year-old home inspector from the St. Louis suburb of Belleville, Illinois. He died from injuries sustained in a shoot-out with Capitol Hill police who were at the scene in Alexandria, Virginia, outside Washington.  Hodgkinson is believed by investigators to have been a person “of strong views,” a senior U.S. official said, without elaborating. The Belleville News-Democrat newspaper posted a photograph of Hodgkinson protesting outside a post office there in 2012, wearing sunglasses and a goatee and holding a homemade placard that read “TAX the Rich.” Hodgkinson was a member of many anti-Republican groups on Facebook including “The Road to Hell Is Paved With Republicans,” “Terminate The Republican Party,” and “Donald Trump is not my President,” his profile showed before it was taken down. Trump won the U.S. presidential election in November. Republicans also control both chambers of Congress. “Trump is a Traitor. Trump Has Destroyed Our Democracy. It’s Time to Destroy Trump & Co.” Hodgkinson wrote in a March 22 post. His profile picture was a U.S. flag with the slogan: “Democratic Socialism explained in 3 words: ‘We the People.’” Hodgkinson went to Washington several weeks ago to protest against Trump’s election, his brother told the New York Times. The former mayor of Alexandria, Bill Euille, said he talked with the suspect at the local YMCA most mornings for more than a month, and even tried to help find Hodgkinson a job after seeing he was living out of a gym bag, the Washington Post said. Stephen Brennwald, an Alexandria attorney, also saw Hodgkinson at the YMCA wearing long pants rather than gym attire, and said he often seemed to be staring into space. “It’s just very freaky to think that this guy who was just sitting in there for weeks, not really doing anything, actually turned out to shoot at people,” Brennwald told Reuters.  Hodgkinson’s Facebook profile featured a cover photo of Sanders, a U.S. senator from Vermont who ran unsuccessfully to be the Democratic Party’s presidential candidate last year.  Sanders, an independent who ran as a progressive populist but was defeated by Hillary Clinton, said the suspect had “apparently volunteered” on his campaign. In a statement, Sanders condemned the shooting as a despicable act.” One woman who asked not to be named told Reuters that Hodgkinson had contacted her via Facebook as part of a political discussion, but that he subsequently commented on her page that Clinton was a “liar” and a “baby killer.” “I actually blocked him at one point,” the woman said. A bartender at the Pork Barrel BBQ in Alexandria said Hodgkinson started coming in for beers about a month ago.   “He was a regular-looking guy that kind of gave you a sense of the creeps, but you can’t really put your finger on it,” said Christina Shrimshaw, 27, who served him a handful of times but never remembered him discussing politics. “He would talk about very mundane things, like golf. He was big into watching the Golf Channel.”   A neighbor in Belleville, William Schaumleffel, recalled how in March he heard gunshots and saw Hodgkinson shooting with a long gun toward woods across a corn field from his yard.  “I yelled at him: ‘Hey, stop shooting over there. There are houses over there,’” Schaumleffel said. Hodgkinson did not stop, he added, so he filed a report with the sheriff’s office. Hodgkinson’s criminal history included a 2006 arrest on battery charges that were later dismissed, as well as multiple traffic violations, according to state records that identified him as a 5-foot, 6-inch (1.67-metre) man weighing 190 pounds (86 kg), with brown eyes. Most of the infractions were ultimately dropped. Hodgkinson had been licensed as a home inspector and real estate appraiser, but did not renew his home inspector license after it expired last year, state records showed. His license to appraise real estate expired in 1997. According to Facebook, Hodgkinson went to Belleville Township High School West and studied flight training at Southwestern Illinois College. Beginning in mid-2015, Hodgkinson began expressing support for Sanders’ 2016 campaign, and federal records showed he donated $18 to the effort. “Bernie is the Only Candidate in Decades that Really Cares about the Working Class,” Hodgkinson posted on June 13, 2016. The Belleville News-Democrat published letters he wrote the paper criticizing Republicans, tax policies and income inequality. One from August 2012 read: “I have never said ‘life sucks,’ only the policies of the Republicans.” ",1
3193,Trump to name Republican donor Kelly Craft as ambassador to Canada: official,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump has decided to name Kelly Craft, a major Republican fundraiser, to be ambassador to Canada as his administration prepares to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement, an administration official said on Wednesday. ",1
3194,Trump administration amends travel ban date to keep legal battle alive,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Trump administration on Wednesday moved to amend the starting date of its proposed 90-day travel ban on people entering the United States from six Muslim-majority countries in a bid to keep its legal battle alive. The amendment appears intended to avoid the administration’s legal case at the U.S. Supreme Court becoming moot on grounds that parts of the executive order have expired. Challengers to the ban, who say the order is intended to discriminate against Muslims, have said in court papers that it should expire on Wednesday, 90 days after the executive order was due to take effect on March 16. A memo issued by the White House, as the Supreme Court considered two challenges to the ban, said parts of the order put on hold would not expire before they can go into effect, and the start date would be when court injunctions were lifted. The move is part of administration efforts to have the high court rule that the controversial ban should immediately go into effect after Trump’s first attempts to impose travel restrictions were blocked by lower courts.   Omar Jadwat, a lawyer with the American Civil Liberties Union, which has challenged the ban, said the need for the revision was a sign of the ban’s legal flaws. “And yet again, these revisions underline that the one thing the president has consistently wanted throughout is a Muslim ban,” he added. Lawsuits by Hawaii and Maryland challengers argued that the order violated federal immigration law and a section of the Constitution’s First Amendment, which prohibits the government favoring or disfavoring any particular religion. The Trump administration has said it is needed to protect national security. Soon after the memo was issued, Acting Solicitor General Jeff Wall filed court papers saying that it resolved “any doubt” about the order’s effective date.  If the case was moot, the nine justices would have no reason to rule on it and lower court rulings against the administration would remain in place. The Supreme Court on Tuesday gave the Trump administration more time to file papers responding to an appeals court ruling on Monday that upheld a block on the travel ban. The court’s action likely delayed any decision on administration requests for the ban to go into effect until at least next week.  Federal judges in Maryland and Hawaii blocked Trump’s 90-day ban on travelers from Libya, Iran, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. The Hawaii judge also blocked a 120-day ban on refugees entering the United States. The 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals largely upheld the Hawaii injunction on Monday. In the second case, the Richmond, Virginia-based 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, on May 25 upheld the Maryland judge’s ruling. ",1
3195,Democratic lawmakers sue Trump over foreign state payments to businesses,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - More than 190 Democratic lawmakers sued President Donald Trump in federal court on Wednesday, saying he had accepted funds from foreign governments through his businesses without congressional consent in violation of the U.S. Constitution.  The complaint said Trump had not sought congressional approval for any of the payments his hundreds of businesses had received from foreign governments since he took office in January, even though the Constitution requires him to do so. The White House did not respond to requests for comment but has said Trump’s business interests do not violate the Constitution. The Trump Organization has said it will donate profits from customers representing foreign governments to the U.S. Treasury but will not require such customers to identify themselves.  At least 30 U.S. senators and 166 representatives are plaintiffs in Wednesday’s lawsuit, representing the largest number of legislators ever to sue a U.S. president, according to two lawmakers who are among the plaintiffs. It was the latest in a series of such lawsuits against the Republican president. The Constitution’s “foreign emoluments” clause bars U.S. officeholders from accepting payments and various other gifts from foreign governments without congressional approval. The lawmakers are seeking a judicial order to require Trump to seek Congress’ assent before he accepts such payments. “The president’s failure to tell us about these emoluments, to disclose the payments and benefits that he is receiving, mean that we cannot do our job. We cannot consent to what we don’t know,” said Richard Blumenthal, the lead senator on the lawsuit, in a conference call on Tuesday.  John Conyers, the lead plaintiff from the House of Representatives, added: “President Trump has conflicts of interest in at least 25 countries, and it appears he’s using his presidency to maximize his profits.” The Justice Department declined to comment.  Similar lawsuits have been filed in recent months by parties including a nonprofit ethics group, a restaurant trade group, and the attorneys general of Maryland and the District of Columbia.  They allege that Trump’s acceptance of payments from foreign and U.S. governments through his hospitality empire puts other hotel and restaurant owners at an unfair disadvantage and provides governments an incentive to give Trump-owned businesses special treatment.  In a motion to dismiss one such lawsuit on Friday, the Justice Department argued that the plaintiffs had not shown any specific harm to their businesses, and that Trump was only banned from receiving foreign government gifts if they arose from his service as president. On Monday, White House press secretary Sean Spicer said “partisan politics” was behind the lawsuit by the Maryland and District of Columbia officials. Lawmakers rarely sue the president, so there are few federal court decisions the legislators can cite to prove their legal standing to bring Wednesday’s case, said Leah Litman, an assistant professor specializing in constitutional law at the University of California, Irvine. A 1997 Supreme Court decision by then-Chief Justice William Rehnquist indicates such cases have standing if the plaintiffs are numerous enough that they could have had a decisive impact on the vote from which they were excluded, said  Tara Grove, a professor specializing in federal courts and constitutional law at William & Mary Law School. “Courts are more and more receptive to the idea that a large group of federal lawmakers can sue over being deprived of their constitutionally conferred powers,” Grove said. Conyers and Blumenthal said they planned to reach out to their Republican colleagues in Congress to invite them to join the lawsuit. “I won’t be surprised if a few do,” Conyers added.  ",1
3196,Staunchly conservative U.S. lawmaker Scalise among wounded in shooting,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Steve Scalise, the Republican leader wounded in a gunman’s attack on Wednesday on people practicing for a charity baseball game, is a staunch conservative and key figure in trying to push legislation through the U.S. House of Representatives. Scalise was shot in the hip on Wednesday morning as he and other Republican lawmakers practiced for a game against their Democratic rivals in Congress. He was in critical condition after surgery at a Washington hospital. As the majority whip in the House, the 51-year-old Scalise is responsible for rounding up votes and maintaining order among the Republican Party’s fractious ranks.  He is in the job largely as a bridge to conservative groups inside the House Republican caucus, but he has struggled at times to prevent them from stymyimg the agenda of the Republican leadership.  Widely seen as well-liked among colleagues, many paid tribute to him in the hours after the attack. Scalise first went to Congress in 2008 following a decade in the Louisiana state legislature, and quickly ascended into the ranks of party leadership.  An ardent supporter of Trump inside the Republican Party, he has an A+ rating from the National Rifle Association, a powerful lobbying group that fights for gun-ownership rights.  Scalise is popular inside his deeply conservative Louisiana district, which encircles New Orleans and Lake Pontchartrain  and includes the swampy bayou region where the Mississippi River spills into the Gulf of Mexico. He won re-election in November with 75 percent of his district’s vote. Before becoming majority whip, Scalise was chairman of the conservative Republican Study Committee, which includes more than 170 conservative lawmakers.   In 2014, Scalise’s office confirmed he had addressed a white supremacist group connected to former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke in 2002 when he was a state representative.  Seeking to play down the controversy, Scalise’s office said he had spoken to hundreds of groups during his political career and was unaware of the views of the European-American Unity and Rights Organization. Scalise has played shortstop in the annual congressional baseball game, which began more than a century ago and pits Democrats against Republicans to raise money for charity. “Knowing Steve Scalise as we all do, he is likely really frustrated that he will not be able to play in the baseball game,” Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan said in a speech about the attack from the House floor on Wednesday. ",1
3197,No hint of new gun control push in U.S. Congress after shootings,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - There were prayers and expressions of sympathy for the victims after a gunman opened fire on Republican lawmakers practicing for a charity baseball game, but no signs of a new push in the U.S. Congress to tighten gun-control laws on Wednesday. In a country where there are almost as many guns as people, gun ownership is fiercely defended by firearms industry lobbyists and Republican politicians, who now control the Senate, the House of Representatives and the White House. In addition to the shooting at a baseball field in Alexandria, Virginia, a man dressed in a UPS uniform and armed with an “assault pistol” opened fire at a United Parcel Service Inc (UPS.N) package sorting hub in San Francisco, killing three people before turning the gun on himself, police said. Also, one man was shot outside a shopping center near a major sports arena in New York City on Wednesday but it was not immediately clear who opened fire or how badly the victim was hurt, police said. Despite the day’s carnage, there was no immediate indication that President Donald Trump or his fellow Republicans would shift from their position protecting gun ownership rights. Pro-gun voters lean heavily toward the Republican Party.  Several House Republicans who attended a briefing following the shooting were asked by reporters about the need for gun control legislation. “Everyone was focused on the facts of the case” and what might be needed to enhance lawmakers’ security, said Republican Representative Barbara Comstock. The lawmakers did not indicate gun control was discussed. Immediately following mass shootings, politicians typically are hesitant to talk about partisan legislative matters. Aides to House Judiciary Committee Chairman Bob Goodlatte, whose panel would have jurisdiction, were asked if Wednesday’s shootings showed the need for legislation. A reply from Goodlatte, provided by aides, said his “prayers are with Congressman Steve Scalise” and the others injured. Spokesmen for the National Rifle Association (NRA), the powerful pro-gun rights lobbying group and a Republican Party ally, were not immediately available for comment. Democrats, who generally, though not uniformly, are more aggressive about gun control laws, expressed concern following the Alexandria incident, in which Republican Representative Steve Scalise and several other people were shot. “There are too many guns on the street,” said Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe, a Democrat. Senator Bernie Sanders, an independent who sought the Democratic presidential nomination last year, said, “We’ve got to stop the violence.” Democratic Representative Tim Ryan, who described himself as a strong supporter of gun rights, told reporters that “does not mean we should not have universal background checks” to gauge gun buyers’ mental health and to check on whether they are on terrorism watch lists. “It is entirely appropriate to ask those questions,” Ryan said of expanded gun control legislation. Many Republicans recently have opposed expanded background checks for gun buyers and limiting access to assault rifles. Scalise, the No. 3 Republican in the House, has worked to oppose new federal gun controls that he has seen as an assault on the U.S. Constitution’s Second Amendment right to bear arms. “We don’t expect the solutions to this issue ever to be found in the wake of a single tragedy no matter who is shot, no matter how horrific it is,” Dan Gross, president of the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence, said in a telephone interview. Gun control groups are fighting federal legislation that would relax existing gun laws, especially after Republicans backed by the NRA fared well in last November’s elections. The Republican-controlled House this year passed a bill making it harder for veterans who have been deemed mentally incompetent to be turned down for gun purchases. Gross said that despite the House vote, the measure “is not going anywhere in the Senate.” He also said gun control organizations have held back passage in Congress of legislation giving states with concealed weapons laws reciprocity in all other states. A year ago, Congress was in a gun control debate after the shooting deaths of 49 people at a gay nightclub in Orlando, Florida. Democrats ramped up their pro-gun control push, staging a filibuster in the Senate and a “sit-in” in the House to disrupt Republican-controlled proceedings. In the end, no legislation passed either chamber to tighten access to guns. Chelsea Parsons, vice president for guns and crime policy at the liberal Center for American Progress, noted however, that since the 2012 shooting in Connecticut resulting in the deaths of 20 first-graders and six staff members at an elementary school, several states have imposed new limits on gun sales.  “There’s going to come a breaking point in the disconnect between what Congress is willing to do and what the American people demand,” Parsons said. ",1
3198,Trump nominates Democrat Rosenworcel to serve again as FCC commissioner,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate will again consider Jessica Rosenworcel, a Democrat, to be a commissioner of the Federal Communications Commission after Republican President Donald Trump nominated her late on Tuesday. Rosenworcel served as a commissioner for the regulator until the end of 2016 when lawmakers failed to take up her renomination under former President Barack Obama, handing Republicans a 2-1 majority on the five-seat commission. Rosenworcel did not immediately reply to a request for comment. The agency is working to reverse Obama-era regulations, including the former Democratic president’s landmark 2015 net-neutrality rules prohibiting broadband providers from giving or selling access to certain internet services over others. Rosenworcel, a former FCC official and congressional aide, backed the net neutrality rules in 2015 and put a significant focus on the plight of children without access to broadband service. She showed an independent streak from then-FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler, who unsuccessfully sought approval for new rules to allow pay TV subscribers to ditch set-top boxes. In 2013, she also opposed allowing cellphone use in the air. FCC Chairman Ajit Pai, tapped by Trump in January, has also said he wants to dismantle other significant regulations as part of a sweeping review he said would remove barriers to business and modernize rules. Pai has also proposed significant changes to local TV ownership limits and plans other changes to media regulations.     If confirmed, Rosenworcel would join Democratic Commissioner Mignon Clyburn, whose term ends on June 30. It is not clear if Clyburn plans to stay on the commission.  Industry and congressional officials also expect Trump to nominate Brendan Carr, a Republican who is currently general counsel at the FCC and an adviser to Pai, to an open seat. Republican Michael O’Rielly also serves on the panel. Democrats insisted Republicans had agreed in 2015 to reconfirm Rosenworcel as part of a deal to confirm O’Rielly. Republicans denied there was a deal but the standoff had delayed consideration of telecommunications legislation in the Senate. Pai would be forced to leave the commission if he is not reconfirmed by the end of the year. “Better late than never,” Senator Bill Nelson of Florida, a Democrat, said in a statement on Rosenworcel’s nomination. “The Senate should now move quickly to confirm her and fulfill the promise that was made two years ago.” ",1
3199,Senate backs legislation to slap new sanctions on Russia,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate voted overwhelmingly on Wednesday for new sanctions punishing Russia for meddling in the 2016 U.S. election, and to force President Donald Trump to get Congress’ approval before easing any existing sanctions. The vote was 97 to two for the legislation, filed as an amendment to an Iran sanctions bill. It is intended to punish Russia over issues including alleged meddling in the election, annexation of Ukraine’s Crimea region and support for the government of Syria in that country’s six-year-long civil war. The measure sets up a process for Congress to review changes in sanctions, puts into law actions previously established via presidential executive order, imposes new sanctions on Russians found guilty of human rights abuses or conducting cyber attacks. [nL1N1JA056] It was introduced amid an intense focus in the U.S. capital on relations with Russia, and investigations by the Department of Justice and congressional committees of whether Russia sought to influence the 2016 U.S. elections to help elect Trump, and whether Trump associates colluded with Moscow as it sought to influence the election. Moscow denies any such activity, which Trump has dismissed as sour grapes by the Democrats he defeated. The Iran bill, including the Russia sanctions amendment, was expected to pass the Senate on Thursday or later on Wednesday. To take effect, the measure would also have to pass the House of Representatives and be signed into law by Trump. If Trump objected, some of its backers said they expected enough congressional support to override a veto. “Today the Senate has finally confronted Russia for interfering in our elections. This bipartisan amendment is the sanctions regime that the Kremlin deserves for its actions,” said Democratic Senator Jeanne Shaheen, a leader of the push for the legislation. The only two “no” votes on the Russia bill were from Republican Senators Mike Lee and Rand Paul. ",1
3200,Trump says suspected gunman who shot at lawmakers is now dead,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said the suspected gunman who opened fire on Republican lawmakers on Wednesday had died from injuries he received during the shooting. “The assailant has now died from his injuries,” Trump announced from the White House.      ",1
3201,Baseball field shooting shakes American symbol of fair play,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The gunshots that ripped through a congressional Republican team practice early Wednesday on a Virginia baseball field not only shook the U.S. Capitol but also upended what many Americans consider a symbol of fair play and summer fun. Before he was killed, a gunman shot and wounded a senior Republican House leader and several others getting ready on an Alexandria, Virginia, field for a charity game between Republicans and Democrats on Thursday in nearby Washington, D.C. The annual Congressional Baseball Game charity event, where Senate and House members from both parties face off together, has raised $600,000 for the Boys and Girls Club, the Washington Nationals Dream Foundation and the Washington Literacy Center, according to several lawmakers and event organizers. The game at Nationals Park may be one of the last vestiges of cooperation between the two sides in the nation’s capital, where some believe partisan politics is at an all-time high.   “There’s such a hatefulness in what we see in American politics and policy discussions right now ... this has got to stop,” Representative Rodney Davis, a Republican team member, told CNN in an interview while still wearing his baseball cleats and practice clothes. Davis said the congressional game was a great demonstration that Democrats and Republicans could still get along. “We have fun,” said a visibly upset Davis. “I never thought I’d play a baseball game for charity, got to practice at 6:30 in the morning and have to dodge bullets.” The gun violence early on Wednesday scarred what is for many almost sacred American ground - the baseball field. Considered America’s so-called national pastime, the game dates back to the 1800s even as it now competes heavily with other popular sports including football and basketball. “I’ve always felt safe on a baseball field, and now I don’t know if I’ll ever feel safe on a baseball field again,” Representative Chuck Fleischmann, also at the shooting scene, told CNN.  The grassy field once known for roasted peanuts and hot dogs now instead conjures images of a battlefield, fellow Republican Brad Wenstrup, an Army Reserve officer, said on Twitter.  “You never expect a baseball field in America to feel like being back in a combat zone in Iraq, but this morning it did,” wrote Wenstrup, a congressman from Ohio.  When congressional members were told in a bipartisan briefing that Thursday’s baseball game would still be held despite the shooting, they leapt to their feet in a standing ovation, Republican Representative Martha McSally told Reuters. “Tomorrow we’ll go out on the field, we’ll root for our team,” U.S. House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi later told lawmakers from the chamber floor. “We will use this occasion as one that brings us together and not one that separates us further.” ",1
3202,White House cancels Trump event at Labor Dept after gunman shoots lawmaker,WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House said it has canceled President Donald Trump’s planned appearance at the Labor Department on Wednesday in light of the shooting of senior Republican leader Steve Scalise during  baseball practice earlier in the day. Trump was supposed to unveil his plan to expand the use of apprenticeships in the U.S. labor market during the event. ,1
3203,Trump to deliver statement on shooting of lawmaker on Wednesday,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump will deliver a statement at 11:30 AM ET on the shooting of senior Republican lawmaker Steve Scalise on Wednesday, the White House said. In the wake of the shooting, Trump has spoken with Chief of Capitol Police Matthew Verderosa, Speaker of the House of Representatives Paul Ryan, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and Scalise’s wife, the White House said. ",1
3204,U.S. doesn't want to be 'handcuffed' to Ukraine agreement,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson signaled on Wednesday that the United States could back away from the Minsk agreement to end fighting in Ukraine, telling a congressional hearing the Trump administration does not want to be “handcuffed.” Tillerson said it was possible that the Ukrainian government could come to an agreement with Moscow outside the structure of the 2015 accord. “I think it is important that we be given sufficient flexibility to achieve the Minsk objectives. It is very possible that the government of Ukraine and the government of Russia could come to a satisfactory resolution through some structure other than Minsk,” Tillerson told the House Foreign Affairs Committee. “My caution is I wouldn’t want to have ourselves handcuffed to Minsk if it turns out the parties decide to settle this through another, a different, agreement,” he said. The Minsk peace agreement, brokered by France and Germany and signed by Russia and Ukraine in February 2015, calls for a ceasefire, the withdrawal of heavy weapons from the front line and constitutional reform to give eastern Ukraine more autonomy. As Washington focuses on potential Trump administration ties to Russia, lawmakers have been insisting that no sanctions on Russia be lifted until it complies with the agreement. Tillerson was responding to Representative Eliot Engel, the committee’s ranking Democrat, who asked if it was in the U.S. interest to relax sanctions on Russia before it fully complied. Engel said the approach suggested by Tillerson would send the wrong signal to Russia.  “If they think that we’re somehow willing to relax the sanctions on them before they’ve complied with the Minsk framework and left Crimea, I think it just will encourage Putin to continue his bullying,” Engel said.  “And who knows where he’ll strike next.” Tillerson spoke at a wide-ranging budget hearing in which he also discussed Trump’s China policy and said he expected the administration to complete a review of Afghan policy in the coming weeks. Many members of the U.S. Congress, including some of Trump’s fellow Republicans, disagree sharply with his proposal to slash foreign aid and spending on diplomacy. Trump, who wants sharp increases in military spending, sees the proposed cuts as a way to help balance the budget. His critics say such that approach would pose a threat to the country’s security by weakening so-called “soft power” programs that win international support. ",1
3205,"Tillerson: U.S. committed to 'One China' policy, also Taiwan","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Wednesday the Trump administration is committed to the long-standing “One China” policy as it reviews U.S. policy toward China, but also intends to keep all of its commitments to Taiwan. “It is important as we engage with them that we are able to fulfill our commitments to Taiwan, which we have every intention of doing,” Tillerson told a congressional committee. “The question is, is the One China policy sustainable for the next 50 years? And those are the kind of discussions we’re having. They are extremely complex in many regards,” he said. ",1
3206,Defense chief say he has power to set Afghan troop levels,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Wednesday he now had authority to set troop levels in Afghanistan and would deliver a revised strategy for the conflict there to the White House in the coming weeks. In testimony before the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on Defense, Mattis said President Donald Trump had given him the authority to set troop levels in Afghanistan at noon on Tuesday. Reuters reported the move on Tuesday. ",1
3207,U.S. military dismisses chance of massive troop surge in Afghanistan,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Defense Secretary Jim Mattis on Wednesday dismissed chances of a return to the major U.S. troop deployments to Afghanistan that characterized the early years of the Obama administration, a day after the White House gave him power to set troop levels. Asked whether he expected to hike U.S. troop levels, now at about 8,400 in Afghanistan, to anywhere near America’s 2011 peak of more than 100,000 troops, Mattis said: “No, sir, I do not.” ",1
3208,Tillerson calls China cooperation on North Korea 'uneven',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson signaled on Wednesday that he would like more help from China in pressing North Korea over issues including its nuclear program. “Their cooperation I would say has been notable, but it has been uneven,” Tillerson told a congressional hearing. Washington is discussing North Korea with all of its allies, and it would top the agenda at high-level talks next week between U.S. and Chinese officials. ",1
3209,Trump takes second crack at a pivot next week with apprentice push,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump, who became a reality television star with a show called “The Apprentice,” will spend a lot of time next week promoting a plan to expand apprenticeships to help companies find more skilled workers to fill jobs, the White House said. It would be the second consecutive week in which the White House will make a push to show Trump is moving ahead on his top domestic priority - jobs - in spite of investigations into whether he had anything to do with possible Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. presidential election. Trump has refuted those allegations, which have overshadowed his efforts to boost economic growth. Last week was branded “infrastructure week” with a series of events dealing with fixing the nation’s decrepit roads and bridges, another plank in Trump’s jobs platform. But a congressional hearing on the Russia imbroglio featuring James Comey - the FBI director Trump fired - sucked up all the attention in Washington. Next week will be “workforce development week” where the White House highlights plans to combat the skills gap. U.S. job openings surged to a record high in April with government data showing employers struggling to find workers with the right skills. Trump’s plan has been in the works for months, led by his daughter Ivanka Trump, adviser Reed Cordish, and Trump’s secretaries of labor, education and commerce. The White House was mum on the precise details of Trump’s plan to expand apprenticeships ahead of his unveiling it in a speech at the Labor Department on Wednesday.     A real estate developer who is familiar with the use of apprenticeship programs in the building trades, Trump has praised Germany’s apprenticeship system as a model.     Ivanka Trump discussed the issue with German Chancellor Angela Merkel at the White House in March, and toured a Siemens training center in Berlin in April. Trump will travel to Wisconsin on Tuesday to visit a training program at Waukesha County Technical College with Republican Governor Scott Walker, a former rival in the race to become the 2016 Republican presidential candidate. On Wednesday, Ivanka Trump will hold a roundtable on the issue with 15 CEOs at the White House. The president will then meet with eight governors on Thursday to discuss the topic at the White House. The White House declined to say which CEOs and governors would be there. One thing that likely will not be in Trump’s plan: a surge in spending. The White House expects the private sector to take the lead.  A senior White House official said the federal government had allocated $16.7 billion to 43 job training programs in 13 agencies in fiscal 2017. “It’s not a money question. There’s a lot of money out there being thrown at this,” the official said. (This version of the story adds a dropped word in second paragraph) ",1
3210,Alexandria police chief says five people taken to hospitals after shooting,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Five people were taken to hospital after a shooting at a baseball field in Alexandria near Washington, where Republican members of Congress were holding baseball practice, the Alexandria police chief said on Wednesday.   Police Chief Michael Brown did not elaborate on the extent of their injuries. He told a news conference police received a call about an active shooter shortly after 7 a.m. ET and were on the scene within three minutes. U.S. Capitol Police Matthew Verderosa said on-scene Capitol Police officers exchanged gunfire with the suspect. ",1
3211,Trump gives U.S. military authority to set Afghan troop levels: U.S. official," WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump has given Defense Secretary Jim Mattis the authority to set troop levels in Afghanistan, a U.S. official told Reuters on Tuesday, opening the door for future troop increases requested by the U.S. commander.  The official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said no immediate decision had been made about the troop levels, which are now set at about 8,400.  The Pentagon declined to comment.  The decision is similar to one announced in April that applied to U.S. troop levels in Iraq and Syria, and came as Mattis warned Congress the U.S.-backed Afghan forces were not beating the Taliban despite more than 15 years of war.  ""We are not winning in Afghanistan right now,"" Mattis said in testimony to the Senate Armed Services Committee earlier on Tuesday. ""And we will correct this as soon as possible.""COMMENTARY: Why a troop surge in Afghanistan is a terrible idea Mattis said the Taliban were “surging” at the moment, something he said he intended to address.  A former U.S. official said such a decision might allow the White House to argue that it was not micromanaging as much as the administration of former President Barack Obama was sometimes accused of doing.  Critics say delegating too much authority to the military does not shield Trump from political responsibility during battlefield setbacks and could reduce the chances for diplomats to warn of potential blowback from military decisions.  It has been four months since Army General John Nicholson, who leads U.S. and international forces in Afghanistan, said he needed “a few thousand” additional forces, some potentially drawn from U.S. allies.  Current and former U.S. officials say discussions revolve around adding 3,000 to 5,000 troops. Those forces are expected to be largely comprised of trainers to support Afghan forces, as well as air crews.  Deliberations include giving more authority to forces on the ground and taking more aggressive action against Taliban fighters.  Some U.S. officials have questioned the benefit of sending more troops to Afghanistan because any politically palatable number would not be enough to turn the tide, much less create stability and security. To date, more than 2,300 Americans have been killed and more than 17,000 wounded since the war began in 2001.  Any increase of several thousand troops would leave American forces in Afghanistan well below their 2011 peak of more than 100,000 troops.  The Afghan government was assessed by the U.S. military to control or influence just 59.7 percent of Afghanistan’s 407 districts as of Feb. 20, a nearly 11 percentage-point decrease from the same time in 2016, according to data released by the U.S. Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction.  A truck bomb explosion in Kabul last month killed more than 150 people, making it the deadliest attack in the Afghan capital since the Taliban were ousted in 2001 by a NATO-led coalition after ruling the country for five years.  On Saturday, three U.S. soldiers were killed when an Afghan soldier opened fire on them in eastern Afghanistan.  The broader regional U.S. strategy for Afghanistan remains unclear. Mattis promised on Tuesday to brief lawmakers on a new war strategy by mid-July that is widely expected to call for thousands more U.S. troops.  Senator John McCain, the chairman of the Armed Forces Committee, pressed Mattis on the deteriorating situation during the Tuesday hearing, saying the United States had an urgent need for “a change in strategy, and an increase in resources if we are to turn the situation around.”  “We recognize the need for urgency,” Mattis said.  ",1
3212,Race for governor in Virginia set after tight primary race,"RICHMOND, Va. (Reuters) - Virginia’s lieutenant governor will face a former Republican national committee chairman in a November general election to become the state’s next governor in a race seen as a bellwether for next year’s mid-term congressional races. Lieutenant Governor Ralph Northam bested former congressman Tom Perriello in the Democratic primary, while former Republican National Committee Chairman Ed Gillespie topped President Donald Trump’s former Virginia campaign co-chairman Corey Stewart, according to unofficial returns posted online by the Virginia Department of Elections. The gubernatorial race in Virginia, the only state other than New Jersey electing a new governor this year, is seen as a key test of Trump’s popularity ahead of the 2018 mid-term elections for the Republican-controlled U.S. Senate and House of Representatives. The winner in November will succeed incumbent Democratic Governor Terry McAuliffe, who is barred by term limits from running again. Northam sought to stoke Democrats’ anger toward Trump, calling the president a “narcissistic maniac” in statewide ads. “Tonight, we’re one step closer to building a Virginia that works for everyone - no matter who you are, no matter where you’re from,” Northam said in a Twitter post declaring victory. In the Republican primary, Gillespie beat Stewart 44 percent to 42 percent with Frank Wagner earning 14 percent of the vote. On the Democrat side, 56 percent vote went to Northam and 44 percent went to Perriello, unofficial returns showed.  The governor’s race in Virginia, a swing state where a recent Washington Post and George Mason University poll showed 59 percent of voters disapprove of Trump’s performance, is shaping up as a pivotal battleground with national implications.      “Virginia will be more hotly contested than ever,” said Stephen Farnsworth, a University of Mary Washington political analyst. “All the national money and national attention will be coming this way. ... Republicans want to claim that the Trump movement is doing well and the Democrats want to claim it is not.” Northam was backed by every statewide Democratic officeholder, while Perriello drew support of Democratic progressives, including U.S. Senators Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren.  Gillespie was endorsed by a raft of state and national Republican leaders. On the campaign trail, he largely avoided talking about Trump, who has not weighed in on the race. Republican strength has eroded in recent Virginia elections, with Democrats now holding all statewide offices. Virginia, once a Republican bulwark in presidential polls, has gone Democratic in three straight elections. ",1
3213,"U.S. attorney general dodges Trump questions, angering Democrats","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Attorney General Jeff Sessions on Tuesday denounced as a “detestable lie” the idea he colluded with Russians meddling in the 2016 election, and he clashed with Democratic lawmakers over his refusal to detail his conversations with President Donald Trump. Sessions, a senior member of Trump’s Cabinet and an adviser to his election campaign last year, had a series of tense exchanges with Democrats on the Senate Intelligence Committee during about 2-1/2 hours of testimony as they pressed him to recount discussions with the Republican president. “You raised your right hand here today and said you would solemnly swear to tell the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth,” Democratic Senator Martin Heinrich said. “Now you’re not answering questions. You’re impeding this investigation.”  Sessions refused to say whether he and Trump discussed FBI Director James Comey’s handling of an investigation into possible collusion between Trump’s campaign and Russia during the election campaign before the president fired Comey on May 9. He also declined to say if Trump opposed Sessions’ decision to recuse himself from the Russia probe in March, and whether Justice Department officials discussed possible presidential pardons of individuals being looked at in the probe. Democratic Senator Ron Wyden told Sessions: “I believe the American people have had it with stonewalling. Americans don’t want to hear that answers to relevant questions are privileged.” “I am not stonewalling,” Sessions replied, saying he was simply following Justice Department policy not to discuss confidential communications with the president. Sessions’ testimony did not provide any damaging new information on Trump campaign ties with Russia or on Comey’s dismissal, but his refusal to discuss conversations with Trump raised fresh questions about whether the White House has something to hide. Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House of Representatives’ Intelligence Committee, which is conducting a parallel Russia probe, said on Twitter that Congress “must compel responses using whatever process necessary.” Last week, Comey told the Senate committee that Trump had fired him to undermine the FBI’s investigation of the Russia matter.  Trump’s decision to fire Comey, a move recommended by Sessions despite having already recused himself from the Russia probe, prompted critics to charge that the president was trying to interfere with a criminal investigation. Senator Angus King, an independent, questioned Sessions’ legal basis for refusing to answer questions after Sessions said Trump had not invoked executive privilege regarding the conversations.  Executive privilege can be claimed by a president or senior government officials to withhold information from Congress or the courts to protect the executive branch decision-making process. Sessions said it would be “inappropriate” for him to reveal private conversations with Trump when the president “has not had a full opportunity to review the questions and to make a decision on whether or not to approve such an answer.” Legal experts said there was some merit to Sessions’ argument. Andrew Wright, a professor at Savannah Law School and associate counsel under former President Barack Obama, said it was not unusual for government employees to refuse to discuss conversations with the president in order to preserve the right to invoke executive privilege later. Sessions’ clash with the Democratic senators was the latest chapter in a saga that has dogged Trump in his first five months as president and distracted from his domestic policy agenda including major healthcare and tax cut initiatives. “The suggestion that I participated in any collusion or that I was aware of any collusion with the Russian government to hurt this country, which I have served with honor for over 35 years, or to undermine the integrity of our democratic process, is an appalling and detestable lie,” Sessions said. “I have never met with or had any conversation with any Russians or any foreign officials concerning any type of interference with any campaign or election in the United States. Further, I have no knowledge of any such conversations by anyone connected with the Trump campaign.” U.S. intelligence agencies concluded in a report released in January that Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered an effort to interfere in the election to help Trump in part by hacking and releasing damaging emails about Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton. Russia has denied any such interference, and Trump has denied any collusion by his campaign with Moscow. Sessions recused himself from the Russia investigation in March after revelations that he had failed to disclose two meetings last year with Russia’s ambassador to Washington, Sergei Kislyak. In his testimony on Tuesday, Sessions addressed media reports that he may have had a third previously undisclosed meeting with Kislyak at Washington’s Mayflower Hotel last year. Sessions said he did not have any private meetings and could not recall any conversations with any Russian officials at the hotel but did not rule out that a “brief interaction” with Kislyak may have occurred there. A former Republican senator, Sessions was an early supporter of Trump’s presidential campaign, but sources say there has been tension between the two men in recent weeks because Trump was annoyed that Sessions recused himself from the Russia probe. Sessions said on Tuesday he did not recuse himself because he felt he was a subject of the investigation himself but rather because he felt he was required to by Justice Department rules. ",1
3214,Trump has 'no intention' of firing special counsel Mueller: White House,"ABOARD AIR FORCE ONE (Reuters) - President Donald Trump has the right to fire special counsel Robert Mueller, who is investigating alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. election and possible ties to the Trump campaign, but has no plans to do so, White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said on Tuesday. Christopher Ruddy, a Trump friend and chief executive of Newsmax Media, told PBS’ “NewsHour” program on Monday that Trump was considering firing Mueller. “While the president has the right to, he has no intention to do so,” Sanders said when asked whether Trump was considering the move. She spoke to reporters as Trump returned to Washington from an event in Wisconsin. ",1
3215,Tillerson signals tough Trump administration stance on Cuba,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Tuesday a policy of engagement with Cuba has financially benefited the island’s government in violation of U.S. law, further fueling expectations that President Donald Trump this week will roll back parts of former President Barack Obama’s opening to Havana. Speaking ahead of Trump’s expected trip to Miami on Friday to announce his new Cuba policy, Tillerson insisted that Havana “must begin to address human rights challenges” if it wants Washington to continue normalizing relations between the Cold War-era foes. Tillerson, testifying before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, acknowledged that rapprochement with the communist-ruled island has led to an increase in U.S. visitors and U.S. business ties. However, Tillerson added: “We think we have achieved very little in terms of changing the behavior of the regime in Cuba .... and it has little incentive today to change that.” His comments came as Trump’s aides sought to finalize rules that, according to U.S. officials and people familiar with the discussions, are likely to bar U.S. trade with Cuban enterprises linked to the military – which controls a large part of the economy – and tighten some rules on Americans traveling there.  But the new policy will stop short of closing embassies or breaking off relations re-established in 2015 after more than five decades of hostility, the sources said. In his speech, Trump is expected to claim fulfillment of a campaign promise to the Cuban-American community to tighten the screws on the government of Cuban President Raul Castro. While Tillerson declined to confirm any details, he left no doubt that the Trump administration was prepared to undo some pieces of Obama’s policy that it sees as boosting the Cuban government financially, which would violate U.S. law. “As we’re developing these business relationships and as we’re enjoying the benefits on the economic and development side, are we inadvertently or directly providing financial support to the regime? Our view is we are,” Tillerson said. “And the question is ... how how do we bring that back into compliance with longstanding statutory obligations” he said. Many of Trump’s fellow Republicans, and some Democrats, objected to Obama’s policy shift, saying he gave too much for too few concessions from Cuba. But Obama’s measures have proven popular with the public, U.S. businesses and many lawmakers from both parties. Tillerson agreed that moves toward more normal relations with the United States have helped some Cubans lift themselves out of poverty and provided opportunities for U.S. companies. However, Tillerson said there is a “dark side” to relations with Cuba, noting that the government in Havana continues to jail political opponents and harass dissidents. “We are supportive of the continued economic development, as long as it is done in full compliance with our existing statutes to not provide financial support to the regime,” Tillerson said. “That’s the focus of our current policy review.” But divisions remain within the Trump administration over how far to go. Some aides have argued that Trump, a former real estate magnate who won the presidency promising to unleash U.S. business and create jobs, would have a hard time defending any moves that close off the Cuban market. But other advisers have contended that it is important to make good on a promise to Cuban-Americans whose support they considered significant in winning Florida in the 2016 election. Miami is home to the largest Cuban-American community. One proposal under consideration, according to the U.S. sources, would tighten enforcement to make sure Americans legally fit the authorized categories they claim to be traveling under. Another tougher change being weighed would revert to regulations requiring at least some types of U.S. travelers to seek a special license to travel to Cuba. However, airline officials say they do not expect the Trump administration to revoke any flights to Cuba approved by the Obama administration but said new measures to restrict visits to Cuba could result in less demand for seats.  ",1
3216,U.S. weighs sanctions on countries doing business with North Korea,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States is weighing imposing sanctions on countries that do business with North Korea and looking for ways to revive strained relations with Russia, U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Tuesday. At a committee hearing, he also defended President Donald Trump’s plans for steep reductions in U.S. spending on diplomacy and foreign aid. Senators from both major parties charged that such cuts would ultimately hurt America. At the start Tillerson told lawmakers that North Korea had released Otto Warmbier, a U.S. university student held captive for 17 months, and the United States was seeking the release of three other detained Americans.  Washington has sought to increase economic and political pressure on Pyongyang because of its nuclear and ballistic missile programs. The North has conducted five nuclear tests and is believed to be making progress toward an intercontinental ballistic missile that could hit the United States. Tillerson said Washington is discussing North Korea with all of its allies, and seeing some response from China, its biggest trading partner. He said North Korea would top the agenda at  next week’s high-level talks between U.S. and Chinese officials. Tillerson said the United States would have to work with other countries to deny North Korea access to basics such as oil and will have to consider whether to impose sanctions on those doing business with North Korea. “We are in a stage where we are moving into this next effort of, ‘Are we going to have to, in effect, start taking secondary  sanctions because countries we have provided information to  have not, or are unwilling, or don’t have the ability to do that?’” Tillerson told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. Because the United States has no trade with the North, its strongest way to impose economic pressure is through “secondary sanctions” that threaten companies from third countries with losing access to the U.S. market if they deal with Pyongyang. Asked whether the United States wanted to see an Iran-style global embargo to deny exports of petroleum and other products to North Korea, Tillerson said that this would only work if Russia and China, the North’s main suppliers, cooperated. Tillerson repeated his view that U.S. relations with Russia  were at an all time-low and still deteriorating. Ties have been strained by differences over Syria, Ukraine and allegations, denied by Moscow, of Russian efforts to influence the 2016 U.S. presidential election. He said the administration was trying to find a way to re-establish a working relationship, notably on Syria. It took years of diplomacy with Russia and China to achieve consensus among major powers to impose the sanctions on Iran and a similar result with the North seems unlikely given Beijing’s reluctance to destabilize its neighbors. Asked if China had lived up to its pledges to crack down on the North, Tillerson said its actions had been “uneven,” but added: “They have taken steps, visible steps that we can confirm. We are in discussions with them about entities inside of China.” The purpose of Tillerson’s appearance, his first of four congressional hearings this week, was to discuss the budget. In all, the Trump proposal cuts about 32 percent from U.S. diplomacy and aid budgets, or nearly $19 billion. Committee members, including some of Trump’s fellow Republicans, spoke sharply against the plan. Republicans control both houses of Congress, which sets the federal government budget. Separately, 16 retired senior generals and other ex-military officers said they would submit joint testimony to the Senate on Wednesday about the importance of foreign aid to national security. ",1
3217,"Trump hosts lunch with Republican senators, Obamacare repeal on menu","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Tuesday urged Senate Republicans to pass a “generous” replacement program for Obamacare, as the Senate struggled to produce an alternative to the healthcare law. Capitol Hill sources who asked not to be named said Trump described the version of the legislation that passed the House last month as “mean.” That House bill was widely criticized for letting states seek waivers from insurance protections for people with pre-existing conditions. Trump discussed the healthcare bill at a White House lunch he hosted for Republican senators in a bid to help the lawmakers find common ground to move forward with healthcare reform legislation this summer. The White House declined to comment on private conversations between Trump and lawmakers. During the portion of the lunch open to reporters, Trump told the lawmakers their healthcare bill would need to be “generous” and “kind.” “That may be adding additional money into it,” he said, without offering details on how much money might be needed or how it might be used. Trump stepped up pressure for the repeal with a tweet Tuesday morning declaring that the Affordable Care Act, nicknamed Obamacare, “is in a death spiral.” He cited the government’s announcement Monday that some 2 million people who signed up for Obamacare have dropped out this year.  Although Trump’s Republican Party has a majority in both houses of Congress, Trump blamed “obstructionist” Democrats for the lack of progress in repealing President Barack Obama’s signature domestic achievement. Senator John Thune, the No. 3 Republican in the Senate, who attended the lunch meeting, said Trump was open to suggestions that some federal cost-sharing payments to health insurers under Obamacare continue in the near term but that the president did not make any definite pronouncements on that issue. Those payments help cover out-of-pocket medical expenses for low-income Americans. Trump has said he might consider withholding them but insurers say that would wreak havoc in the markets. Thune also said Trump did not give any deadlines to the senators on passing the bill. “I hope that we can stay on schedule to have floor action before the Fourth of July break,” Thune said.       The House of Representatives narrowly approved its version of repeal last month but Senate Republicans have been unable to coalesce around their own version of a bill, with moderates and conservatives pushing in different directions in meetings behind closed doors. The senators Trump invited to lunch included Republicans from both ideological camps. Moderates Susan Collins and Lisa Murkowski were on the list as well as conservatives Ted Cruz and Mike Lee. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has said senators are closer to bringing up a proposal and other Republicans have predicted for some time that a bill would be ready for a vote before the August recess. Senate aides said the Senate bill was not expected to touch insurance protections that are included in Obamacare for people with pre-existing medical conditions, after the controversy over the House bill that would let states seek waivers from those protections. In states with such waivers, people with pre-existing conditions could still get coverage but they would not be shielded against potentially higher costs. Another senator at the lunch, Finance Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch, said after the meeting that there still was a lot of work to do before legislation can be unveiled.  “The total bill hasn’t been resolved,” he said. ",1
3218,No cause to fire special counsel Mueller: deputy attorney general,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The No. 2 official at the U.S. Justice Department on Tuesday told Congress the special counsel investigating Russia’s alleged interference in the 2016 U.S. presidential election and possible collusion with the Trump campaign is going to have “the full degree of independence” he needs. “Director Mueller is going to have the full degree of independence that he needs to conduct that investigation appropriately,” Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein told a Senate appropriations subcommittee, referring to special counsel Robert Mueller. Rosenstein, who has the sole ability to fire Mueller given that Attorney General Jeff Sessions has recused himself from matters relating to the investigation, told the panel he had seen no evidence of good cause for letting Mueller go and that he would not follow any theoretical order to fire him absent such evidence. ",1
3219,Supreme Court gives Trump more time to file travel ban briefs,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Supreme Court on Tuesday allowed the Trump administration more time to file papers responding to an appeals court ruling that upheld a block on a proposed travel ban on people entering the United States from six Muslim-majority countries. The move likely delays any high court action on the administration’s two emergency applications asking for the ban issued on March 6 to immediately go into effect. The March ban was Trump’s second effort to impose travel restrictions through an executive order. An entry on the Supreme Court docket said that the administration can file its new brief on Thursday. Hawaii, which challenged the ban and won in the appeals court, is permitted to file its own brief on June 20, meaning the court is unlikely to act on the emergency application until next week at the earliest.     The court was responding to a request made by Acting Solicitor General Jeff Wall, who said in a letter that the ruling on Monday by the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco means the government needs to file a new brief. In an added dramatic twist, Trump himself plans to go to the  Supreme Court on Thursday for the investiture of Justice Neil Gorsuch, an administration official said. Trump nominated Gorsuch in January. Gorsuch’s confirmation by the U.S. Senate in April restored the court’s 5-4 conservative majority.  Trump’s visit to the court would be his first since he became president on Jan. 20 and would put him face-to-face with the nine justices as they consider the fate of his travel ban unless the court acts before then. It is common practice for presidents to attend such events, which are purely ceremonial. The Supreme Court could discuss how to act on the emergency application at its private conference on June 22, a week after the Gorsuch ceremony. Wall wrote that more time was needed because the 9th Circuit ruling in favor of the state of Hawaii is “the first addressing the executive order at issue to rest relief on statutory rather than constitutional grounds.”  Hawaii’s lawyer, Neal Katyal, filed his own letter objecting to the government’s timeline, although he agreed that both sides needed to file briefs responding to Monday’s ruling. Federal judges in Maryland and Hawaii blocked Trump’s 90-day ban on travelers from Libya, Iran, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. The Hawaii judge also blocked a 120-day ban on refugees entering the United States. The 9th Circuit largely upheld the Hawaii injunction on Monday. In the second case, the Richmond, Virginia-based 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, on May 25 upheld the Maryland judge’s ruling. The lawsuits by Hawaii and the Maryland challengers argued that the executive order violated federal immigration law and a section of the Constitution’s First Amendment, which prohibits the government from favoring or disfavoring any particular religion. The Supreme Court is weighing emergency applications in both cases, but is likely to act on them together. Trump’s first order on Jan. 27 led to chaos and protests at airports and in various cities before being blocked by the courts. The second order was intended to overcome the legal issues posed by the original ban, but was blocked by judges before it could go into effect on March 16. ",1
3220,Trump's personal lawyer says been asked to testify to House panel September 5,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump’s personal lawyer Michael Cohen said on Tuesday he had been asked to testify on Sept. 5 before the House Intelligence Committee. “I am committed to complying with the subpoena by the House Permanent Select Intelligence Committee, including the request to testify on September 5th,” Cohen told Reuters, confirming an account first reported by Bloomberg News. The House committee is among those investigating alleged Russian meddling in the U.S. election and any possible collusion with the president’s campaign or associates. It approved a subpoena for Cohen on May 31, but the committee had not announced any date for his testimony. ",1
3221,Trump legal team delays filing leak complaint against Comey,"(Reuters) - Lawyers for U.S. President Donald Trump are not likely to file their planned complaint this week against former FBI Director James Comey over disclosing details about conversations with the president, a spokesman for Trump’s legal team said on Tuesday. A person close to the legal team said on Friday Trump’s chief personal lawyer, Marc Kasowitz, expected to file a complaint against Comey early this week to the Justice Department’s inspector general’s office. “I think it’s going to take a little longer,” Mark Corallo, a spokesman for the legal team, said on Tuesday. “It may well slip to next week.” Corallo also said the complaint may be filed to the Justice Department’s Office of Professional Responsibility rather than its Office of Inspector General. Trump’s lawyers are sifting through additional information and preparing at least one submission, and a meeting scheduled for Wednesday may clarify the proper avenue for the complaint, he said. The president has responded to Comey’s testimony on Thursday to the Senate Intelligence Committee by denying that he tried to interfere with an FBI investigation, and calling the former FBI chief a leaker. In his testimony, Comey said that after Trump fired him last month he gave a memo he wrote about a meeting with the president to a friend in order to have its contents disclosed to the media. In a statement following the testimony, Kasowitz accused Comey of leaking “privileged” information. Some legal experts have said the information disclosed was not privileged because Trump himself had already publicly discussed their conversations. A former high-ranking Justice Department official familiar with how the inspector general handles complaints said any filing by Kasowitz would most likely be treated as part of an existing investigation into Comey’s handling of the Hillary Clinton email investigation. “This could end up as a footnote in a longer report,” the former official said. Jonathan Turley, a law professor at George Washington University, said he believes the Comey disclosure violated FBI regulations but said the Office of Professional Responsibility may be reluctant to look into an disciplinary allegation against a former rather than current employee.  “The challenge for the Trump team is to find an office that will get to the merits,” said Turley. John Lavinsky, a spokesman for the Inspector General, declined to comment.  ",1
3222,Senators unveil road map for self-driving car legislation,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A bipartisan trio of U.S. senators said on Tuesday they planned to introduce legislation to remove regulatory roadblocks to the introduction of self-driving cars, including sorting out conflicts between state and federal rules. Republican Senator John Thune, who chairs the Commerce Committee, Bill Nelson, the top Democrat on the panel, and Senator Gary Peters, a Michigan Democrat, said in a joint statement that existing federal vehicle regulations written over recent decades did not account for self-driving cars without a human driver behind the wheel. Thune said the senators hoped to reach agreement based on “prioritizing safety, fixing outdated rules, and clarifying the role of federal and state governments.” Federal auto regulations pose significant legal hurdles that must be cleared before fully self-driving cars can be sold without steering wheels and gas pedals, a government report said last year. The Senate Commerce Committee is holding a hearing on self-driving cars on Wednesday. Mitch Bainwol, head of the Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers, an auto trade group, will tell the panel that Congress should work to eliminate state or local laws that could “unduly burden or restrict the use of self-driving vehicles in the future.” The senators are joining a broader movement in Washington to respond to calls from Detroit and Silicon Valley for federal action to set rules for self-driving cars, rather than allowing states such as California to write potentially conflicting rules.  The chairman of the House Energy and Commerce Committee told Reuters last week he planned to unveil a package of legislation to overhaul federal rules governing self-driving vehicles. Companies such as Alphabet Inc, General Motors Co and Volkswagen AG (VOWG_p.DE) are pursuing automated technologies and want unified federal regulations to replace outdated rules and make it simpler to develop and eventually sell the technology across the country. In April, automakers and technology companies urged California to make changes to its proposed state regulations governing autonomous vehicles. Many oppose California’s plan to require a state permit to deploy autonomous vehicles, which must meet performance and design criteria. The U.S. Transportation Department said last week it would unveil revised self-driving guidelines within the next few months, responding to automakers’ calls for regulations to sanction costly efforts to put autonomous vehicles on the road. Vehicle crashes annually kill more than 35,000 people on U.S. roads and injure 2.4 million. The economic cost of vehicle crashes is at least $240 billion annually, the government says. ",1
3223,Republicans retreat from plan to curb some press camera access in U.S. Capitol,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A Republican-led Senate panel backed away from a plan to restrict media cameras in parts of the U.S. Capitol on Tuesday after Democrats and some Republicans criticized the move as an attempt to curtail press access. Senate staff who manage press access told television network reporters earlier Tuesday that they could no longer film interviews with senators in the hallways of the Capitol without first receiving permission, citing a directive from the Senate Committee on Rules and Administration.  Such interviews, an everyday occurrence in designated areas throughout the Capitol, provide a running insight into legislators’ thoughts on bills and hearings. The staff said the restrictions were because the number of reporters has swelled due to negotiations on healthcare legislation and high-profile hearings. The directive came from the Senate Rules Committee, which oversees operations on the Senate side of the Capitol, they said. The panel is controlled by Republicans, since they hold the majority in the Senate. Committee Chairman Richard Shelby said in a statement the panel was simply enforcing rules already on the books, adding it “has been working with the various galleries to ensure compliance with existing rules in an effort to help provide a safe environment.”  The senior Democrat on the panel, Amy Klobuchar, said she was not consulted in advance and objected. In a statement, Klobuchar said she called on Republicans “to allow reporters to do their jobs.” She added that she had talked to Shelby, who had told her he would not move to change press access without consulting her. “We must hold him to it. This is no time for limiting press access in the U.S. Senate — with Russia hearings, Attorney General (Jeff) Sessions testifying, and what appears to be the secretive drafting of a healthcare bill. We have to preserve freedom of the press,” she said. Shelby’s office did not respond to a request to discuss the dispute over media access except to provide his prepared statement. A Senate aide, who asked not to be identified, said that  Rules Committee members were “looking to make changes and have backed off for now.” “We’re certainly not trying to deny anybody an opportunity to have questions asked,” Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said during a press conference, referring reporters back to the Rules Committee for detailed guidance. The Capitol hallways have been crowded with both reporters and summer tourists in recent weeks as Senate Republicans work on an overhaul of the U.S. healthcare system. Current and former government officials have also drawn crowds at hearings related to probes into alleged Russian meddling in last year’s presidential election. ",1
3224,Trump to resume precision munitions deliveries to Saudis: officials,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Trump administration notified Congress last week that it soon planned to begin delivering precision-guided munitions to Saudi Arabia under a 2015 weapons deal, congressional officials said on Tuesday. The Senate voted 53 to 47 to narrowly defeat legislation that sought to block portions of a new, separate arms sale to Saudi Arabia, agreed during a visit there by President Donald Trump in May. Arms sales to Riyadh have become increasingly contentious in the U.S. Congress, where some lawmakers object that American weapons have contributed to widespread civilian casualties in a Saudi-led military campaign in Yemen. Republican Trump’s predecessor Barack Obama, a Democrat,  suspended the planned sale of precision-guided munitions in December because of concerns over civilian casualties in Yemen, where the civil war pits Iran-allied Houthi rebels against the government backed by a Saudi-led Arab coalition. Trump, however, has said he wants to encourage weapons sales as a way to create jobs in the United States.  Senator Ben Cardin, the top Democrat on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, said the administration had notified Congress about the start of deliveries on the 2015 sale. He said in a statement that Trump’s decision was another reason for the Senate to disapprove the new sale. “We need to send a message to both the Trump Administration and the Saudis to work much harder to avoid civilian casualties, expedite humanitarian relief, and push for a peaceful end to the war through a negotiated political settlement,” Cardin said. Republicans control both chambers of Congress. A senior congressional aide, speaking on condition of anonymity, said the notification was received last Thursday. The decision to move ahead with deliveries was first reported by Bloomberg. The 2015 sale included more than 8,000 Laser Guided Bombs for the Royal Saudi Air Force. The package also includes more than 10,000 general purpose bombs, and more than 5,000 tail kits used to inexpensively convert “dumb” bombs into laser or GPS-guided weapons. Some of the weapons systems included in the sale were made by Raytheon Co and Boeing Co.  The arms deal announced in May was for $110 billion, with options running as high as $350 billion over 10 years. Tuesday’s Senate vote, which would block about $500 million of that sale, including precision-guided munitions and other offensive weapons, coincides with Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir meeting with U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and other officials in Washington.   ",1
3225,Comey's friend says he's turning over Comey's Trump memos to FBI: MSNBC,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A friend of former FBI Director James Comey said on Tuesday he is turning over to the FBI any memos he has of Comey’s conversations with President Donald Trump, MSNBC reported. It said the friend, Columbia Law School professor Daniel Richman, confirmed to NBC News that “he’s now turning over any Comey memos that he has in his possession to the FBI.” Comey, fired by Trump last month, said in congressional testimony last week that he gave a memo describing his conversations with Trump to a close friend and told him to share its contents with a reporter. MSNBC said Richman also said Robert Mueller, special counsel leading an inquiry into possible links between the 2016 Trump campaign and Russia, has been in touch with the Senate Judiciary Committee to discuss how the panel can get access to the memos. The MSNBC report came as U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions appeared on Capitol Hill for a high-profile public session with lawmakers to answer questions about his dealings with Russian officials. Sessions is the most senior member of Trump’s administration caught up in the controversy over whether associates of the president colluded with Russia to help Trump win the election. Attention in Washington has turned to whether Trump might seek to fire Mueller, the former FBI director named last month by the Justice Department to head the federal probe into the Russia issue. Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, who would be responsible for carrying out any such dismissal, told a different congressional panel on Tuesday he would not fire Mueller without good cause and he had seen no such cause. Sessions appeared before the intelligence committee just five days after Comey, whom Trump fired on May 9, told the panel Trump ousted him to undermine the agency’s investigation of the Russia matter. ",1
3226,"U.S. 'not winning' in Afghanistan, Defense Secretary tells Congress","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States is “not winning” the war against Taliban insurgents in Afghanistan, Defense Secretary Jim Mattis told Congress on Tuesday, promising to brief lawmakers on a new war strategy by mid-July that is widely expected to call for thousands more U.S. troops. The remarks were a blunt reminder of the gloom underscoring U.S. military assessments of the war between the U.S.-backed Afghan government and the Islamist militant group, classified by U.S. commanders as a “stalemate” despite almost 16 years of fighting. “We are not winning in Afghanistan right now. And we will correct this as soon as possible,” Mattis said in testimony to the Senate Armed Services Committee. Mattis acknowledged that he believed the Taliban were “surging” at the moment, something he said he intended to address. Some U.S. officials questioned the benefit of sending more troops to Afghanistan because any politically palatable number would not be enough to turn the tide, much less create stability and security. To date, more than 2,300 Americans have been killed and more than 17,000 wounded since the war began in 2001.  The Afghan government was assessed by the U.S. military to control or influence just 59.7 percent of Afghanistan’s 407 districts as of Feb. 20, a nearly 11 percentage-point decrease from the same time in 2016, according to data released by the U.S. Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction. A truck bomb explosion in Kabul last month killed more than 150 people, making it the deadliest attack in the Afghan capital since the Taliban were ousted in 2001 by a NATO-led coalition after ruling the country for five years. On Saturday, three U.S. soldiers were killed when an Afghan soldier opened fire on them in eastern Afghanistan.  Reuters reported in late April that the administration of U.S. President Donald Trump was carrying out a review of Afghanistan, and conversations were revolving around sending between 3,000 and 5,000 U.S. and coalition troops there. Deliberations include giving more authority to forces on the ground and taking more aggressive action against Taliban fighters.  Senator John McCain, the chairman of the Senate committee, pressed Mattis on the deteriorating situation, saying the United States had an urgent need for “a change in strategy, and an increase in resources if we are to turn the situation around.” “We recognize the need for urgency,” Mattis said.   ",1
3227,Senate Democrats seek probes of administration's secret messaging,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Two U.S. Senate Democrats on Tuesday called for government-wide investigations into the Trump administration’s use of secretive messaging phone applications and whether officials are ignoring or delaying responses to some Congressional oversight requests. Delaware Senator Tom Carper and Missouri Senator Claire McCaskill, both influential members of the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, asked the inspectors general at 24 executive agencies and departments to investigate whether officials are using apps for work that make it hard to trace communications. The apps encrypt messages and automatically delete them after they are read, which could run afoul of laws on preserving government records, the senators wrote. While Republicans control both the Senate and the House of Representatives, Democrats in Congress can still request that inspectors general, neutral investigators who check up on various federal offices, look into specific matters.  They also asked the inspectors general if officials in the administration of Republican President Donald Trump are directing employees of government agencies to ignore requests for information from Democrats in Congress. Members of both parties objected after the administration said agencies do not have to honor requests made by senior Democrats on congressional committees. Democrats and public interest groups are worried that the Trump administration is hiding important information about possible wrongdoing and stonewalling potential critics. They are also worried about social media, where Trump has tweeted and then later deleted posts. The office of the Department of Justice’s inspector general, Michael Horowitz, who also chairs the council of federal inspectors general, declined to comment on the letter.  The White House did not respond to a request for comment. The federal government has strict laws on preserving records, which can be used to uncover and prosecute public corruption and collusion. Inspectors general themselves often rely on archived emails and text messages in investigations. Since Trump’s inauguration in January many Washington insiders have embraced messaging apps that promptly destroy chats, encrypt texts and phone calls, and leave no trace of communication on smartphones. Concerns about information security have grown in the wake of the hack of the Democratic party’s emails, criticism of candidate Hillary Clinton’s use of a private server and laws that count communications from non-government accounts as federal records. Journalists and officials now frequently communicate via the encrypted Signal or Confide messenger apps. Confide is so popular that the company hosted a media and technology event during this year’s White House Correspondents Dinner weekend. ",1
3228,"California governor, legislature agree on final budget","(Reuters) - California Governor Jerry Brown announced on Tuesday that state lawmakers had reached an agreement about the state’s 2017-2018  budget.  Both houses of the state legislature will likely vote on the new budget on Thursday, the constitutional deadline for lawmakers to adopt a budget bill. California’s Department of Finance had not totaled the final budget numbers as of Tuesday morning, according to department spokesperson H.D. Palmer. The budget adds $1.8 billion to the state’s rainy day fund, expands access to California’s Earned Income Tax Credit and boosts funding for schools and infrastructure repairs, according to the governor’s office. It also sends more money to the nation’s largest public pension fund, California Public Employees’ Retirement System (CalPERS), to help reduce the fund’s unfunded liability. “This budget keeps California on a sound fiscal path and continues to support struggling families and make investments in our schools,” Brown said in a statement on Tuesday.  “This budget makes historic investments in healthcare, education, and childcare, and lays down a multi-billion dollar investment to start fixing our roads and infrastructure,” said Senate President pro tem Kevin de León. Brown proposed a state budget in January for the new fiscal year and revised his budget up 2.2 percent to $183.4 billion in May. ",1
3229,COVFEFE Act would preserve Trump's tweets as official statements,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - From the incomprehensible “covfefe” to a post labeling fired FBI director James Comey a “leaker,” President Donald Trump’s tweets would be preserved as presidential records if a Democratic  lawmaker’s proposed COVFEFE Act becomes law. Representative Mike Quigley of Illinois introduced on Monday the “Communications Over Various Feeds Electronically For Engagement” Act that would amend the Presidential Records Act and require the National Archives to store presidential tweets and other social media interactions. “If the president is going to take to social media to make sudden public policy proclamations, we must ensure that these statements are documented and preserved for future reference,” Quigley, a member of the House intelligence committee, said in a statement.  “Tweets are powerful, and the president must be held accountable for every post.” The law would bar the prolifically tweeting president from deleting his posts, as he has sometimes done. This has inspired websites archiving his erased tweets.  White House spokesman Sean Spicer said last week that Trump’s tweets “are considered official statements by the president of the United States.” The White House did not immediately reply to a request for comment on the proposed legislation.  Trump, who has more than 32 million followers on Twitter for his 8-year-old personal @realDonaldTrump profile, is known for messages on the social media site that are sometimes riddled with spelling and grammar mistakes.  Trump famously sent a tweet at 12:06 a.m. ET (0406 GMT) on May 31 that said: “Despite the constant negative press covfefe.” The message remained on the internet for hours, spurring a wave of speculation about what Trump intended to say. The message was later deleted.  Trump’s next communication that day at 6:09 a.m. ET (1009 GMT) made light of the tweet, saying: “Who can figure out the true meaning of “covfefe”??? Enjoy!” Spicer, asked at a news briefing at the time whether people should be concerned about the covfefe tweet, said, “no” and added, “I think the president and a small group of people know exactly what he meant.” ",1
3230,Trump says healthcare reform push may need additional money,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump on Tuesday said that the Republican push to repeal Obamacare may require additional money for healthcare, but he did not specify how much more funding would be needed or how it might be used. Trump told Republican Senators joining him for lunch at the White House that their planned healthcare reform bill would need to be “generous” and “kind.” “That may be adding additional money into it,” Trump said, without offering further details.   ",1
3231,U.S. Defense Dept needs to better manage its finances: GAO,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Defense Department needs to better manage its finances if it hopes to rebuild and modernize the U.S. Armed Forces, the Government Accountability Office said in a report released on Tuesday. The Pentagon needs to give its decision makers and weapons buyers more accurate budget and cost information so they can make better decisions as they modernize weapons systems, the report said.  U.S. President Donald Trump’s $4.1 trillion fiscal 2018 budget proposal included $603 billion in defense spending for the Department of Defense as well as nuclear weapons programs at the Department of Energy and other national defense priorities. The GAO report comes as U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis presented lawmakers in the House and Senate with a $33 billion wish list of unfunded military needs. The report said despite increased defense funding under Trump, efforts “underway to rebuild readiness for portions of their military forces” are at risk without more comprehensive planning efforts at the Pentagon.  The federal agency, which oversees government resources, also said the Defense Department could police global hot spots with less expensive and more numerous regular troops instead of U.S. special forces.  “DOD has not taken steps to examine whether additional opportunities exist to reduce the high demand on these (special) forces by sharing some of their responsibilities with conventional forces,” the report said.  U.S. President Donald Trump’s fiscal 2018 budget proposal gave the military a modest boost to their budget, 3 percent more than what former President Barack Obama had sought in his long-term budget plan. The $574.5 billion for the Department of Defense would go to warfighting readiness and critical program requirements.  GAO said it has made approximately 3,100 recommendations to DOD since 2006. Of these about 1,037 have not been acted on, including 78 priority recommendations. The report released on Tuesday made no new recommendations. ",1
3232,U.S. military unfunded requirement list at $33 billion: Mattis,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Tuesday that the military had presented to Congress an unfunded requirements list of $33 billion for fiscal year 2018. “I have reviewed the unfunded requirements, I believe it is $33 billion and I think if we were to receive more money those requests are appropriate,” Mattis said appearing before a Senate Armed Services Committee hearing.  Mattis added that the Pentagon is likely to seek budget growth of three to five percent from 2019 to 2023. ",1
3233,Tillerson says working to bring stability to Russia ties,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Tuesday the U.S. relationship with Russia was at an all-time low and the  administration was aiming to bring stability to ties. Asked at a congressional hearing about a Russia sanctions bill under consideration this week by the Senate, Tillerson said: “We have a large placemat of difficult issues with the Russians ... our relationship’s at an all-time low, and it’s been deteriorating further. Our objective is to stabilize that. “We are working in a couple of areas in particular to see if we can establish that there’s a basis for re-establishing some type of working relationship with the Russian government that is in our interest. There are efforts underway in Syria specifically,” he said. ",1
3234,No indication Russia wants positive relationship with U.S.: Mattis,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Monday there was no indication that Russia wanted a positive relationship with the United States, saying it had chosen to be a strategic competitor. “At this time ... I do not see any indication that Mr. Putin would want a positive relationship with us. That is not to say we can’t get there as we look for common ground,” Mattis told a House Armed Services Committee hearing, referring to Russian President Vladimir Putin. “But at this point, he has chosen to be competitive, a strategic competitor with us and we will have to deal with that as we see it,” he said. Joseph Dunford, chairman of the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff, added that the United States had an adversarial relationship with Russia. Russia and the United States have a number of diverging interests, including in Syria. Russia said on Saturday it had told the United States it was unacceptable for Washington to strike pro-government forces in Syria after the U.S. military carried out air strikes on pro-Syrian government militia. U.S. senators said on Monday they were close to an agreement on legislation imposing new sanctions on Russia, including a possible provision that would prevent the White House from easing sanctions without congressional approval. Democrats and Republicans on the Foreign Relations and Banking Committees have been negotiating for about a week on an amendment to an Iran sanctions bill that also would impose sanctions to punish Russia over issues including its alleged meddling in the 2016 U.S. election, annexation of Ukraine’s Crimea region and support for the government of Syria in that country’s six-year-long civil war. ",1
3235,U.S. senators reach deal on Russia sanctions,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. senators reached an agreement on Monday on legislation imposing new sanctions on Russia, including a provision that would prevent the White House from easing, suspending or ending sanctions without congressional approval. The agreement, to be filed as an amendment to an Iran sanctions bill, is intended to punish Russia over issues including its alleged meddling in the 2016 U.S. election, annexation of Ukraine’s Crimea region and support for the government of Syria in that country’s six-year-long civil war. [L1N1J41LS] The Iran bill is due come up for a vote as soon as this week. Besides the provision setting up a process for Congress to review changes in sanctions, the measure would put into law sanctions previously established via presidential executive order, including some on certain Russian energy projects and debt financing in some industries. It would impose new sanctions on Russians found to be guilty of human rights abuses, supplying weapons to Syria’s government and conduct cyber attacks on behalf of Russia’s government, among others. The measure also would allow new sanctions on Russian mining, metals, shipping and railways. The legislation is backed by both Republicans and Democrats, and is expected to easily pass the Senate. It was introduced amid an intense focus in the U.S. capital on relations with Russia, and investigations by the Department of Justice and congressional committees of whether Russia sought to influence the 2016 U.S. elections to help elect Republican President Donald Trump, and whether Trump associates colluded with Moscow as it sought to influence the election.  To become law, the legislation would have to pass the House of Representatives and be signed into law by Trump. If Trump objected, some of its backers said they expected enough congressional support to override a veto. “These additional sanctions will ... send a powerful and bipartisan statement to Russia and any other country who might try to interfere in our elections that they will be punished,” Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer said in a statement. Russia has denied attempting to interfere in the U.S election, and Trump has dismissed any talk of collusion. The measure also authorizes “robust assistance” to strengthen democratic institutions and counter disinformation in European countries that might be targeted by what the legislation’s sponsors described as Russian aggression. In December, the final full month of President Barack Obama’s administration, Washington sanctioned Russian businessmen and companies for Moscow’s role in Ukraine via executive order.   ",1
3236,U.S. will have to work with others to deny North Korea fuel supplies: Tillerson,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States will have to work with other countries to deny North Korea access to basics like oil and will have to consider whether to impose secondary sanctions on those doing business with North Korea, U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Tuesday. “We are going to have to move to work with others to begin to deny North Korea basic needs like crude oil supplies, petroleum fuel supplies, things that are ... easier ... to monitor, whether we are getting cooperation from people or not,” Tillerson told a congressional hearing. ",1
3237,U.S. strikes against pro-Syrian government forces in self-defense: Mattis,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Tuesday that recent strikes against pro-Syrian government forces in the past few weeks had been in self-defense and the United States would take all measures to protect its forces in Syria. Last week the United States shot down a pro-Syrian government drone that fired toward U.S.-led coalition forces in Syria, but “hit dirt” and caused no injuries. On the same day, the U.S. hit two pro-Syrian government pick up trucks near the southern town of At Tanf. Russia said on Saturday it had told the United States it was unacceptable for Washington to strike pro-government forces in Syria. ",1
3238,Trump eyes Supreme Court after appeals court rejects travel ban,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Tuesday criticized a federal appeals court one day after it handed him another legal setback by refusing to revive his U.S. travel ban on people from six Muslim-majority nations, and appeared poised for the nation’s top court to weigh in. On Monday, the San Francisco-based 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals became the second federal appeals court to reject the Republican Trump administration’s bid to undo a Hawaii federal judge’s decision that blocked the temporary travel ban in a dispute headed to the U.S. Supreme Court. The three-judge panel said Trump’s March 6 order violated existing immigration law, but did not address whether it was unconstitutional discrimination against Muslims.  Trump’s 90-day ban targets travelers from Libya, Iran, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen.  “Well, as predicted, the 9th Circuit did it again - Ruled against the TRAVEL BAN at such a dangerous time in the history of our country. S.C.” Trump said in a post on Twitter, apparently referencing the U.S. Supreme Court. The nation’s top court, which leans conservative after Trump’s appointee won confirmation as the ninth justice earlier this year, could act as soon as this week on his administration’s request to reinstate the order. The 9th Circuit, headed by Democratic appointees, largely left in place a nationwide injunction by Judge Derrick Watson of Hawaii that stopped parts of the order, which Trump contends is needed to prevent terrorism in the United States.  Those who have challenged the travel ban dispute that it is needed to protect Americans and argue that the order violates the U.S. Constitution’s bar against favoring or disfavoring a particular religion. Another appeals court, the Richmond, Virginia-based 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, last month upheld a Maryland judge’s ruling that also blocked Trump’s ban.  Trump has been on the losing side in all four court rulings on the March order and has asked the U.S. Supreme Court for an emergency review. In a statement on Monday, U.S. Attorney General Sessions said Trump’s executive order was lawful and that the court rulings have had a “chilling effect” on security operations.  ",1
3239,U.S. federal government can pay bills through early September: Mnuchin,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. federal government will have enough cash flow to pay  its bills through at least early September despite the limit on more government borrowing, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said on Monday, while urging lawmakers to raise the debt limit soon. Mnuchin repeated his call for Congress to pass a bill authorizing further borrowing before lawmakers break for a long August summer recess. “I am comfortable saying that we can fund the government through the beginning of September,” Mnuchin told lawmakers in a hearing when asked how urgent it was to raise a limit on federal borrowing. “If we don’t raise this beforehand, I will be providing updated numbers based upon how revenues come in.” The U.S. government posted a wider budget deficit in May than analysts had expected, and has run $433 billion into the red since the fiscal year began in October. ",1
3240,Trump to host South Korea president June 29-30: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump will host South Korean President Moon Jae-in at the White House on June 29-30 to advance economic cooperation and discuss ways of strengthening the two countries’ “ironclad” alliance, the White House said on Tuesday. “The leaders will also coordinate on North Korea-related issues, including countering the growing North Korean nuclear and missile threats,” it said in a statement. ",1
3241,Mattis says options on Afghanistan to be presented to Trump 'very soon',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Monday he would present options on Afghanistan to President Donald Trump “very soon,” adding the strategy would take a regional approach rather than looking at the war-torn country in isolation. The situation in Afghanistan, which U.S. military officials acknowledge is in a stalemate almost 16 years since the war started, has deteriorated in recent months. A truck-bomb explosion in Kabul last month killed more than 150 people, making it the deadliest attack in the Afghan capital since the ouster of the Taliban in 2001. In some cases, Afghan security forces have been forced to abandon more scattered and rural bases, and the government can claim to control or influence only 57 percent of the country, according to U.S. military estimates earlier this year. “We are taking a regional approach to this,” Mattis told the House Armed Services Committee.  “We will take that forward to the president for a decision very soon.” Mattis said a request by General John Nicholson, the head of U.S. and international forces in Afghanistan, for additional troops would mostly be made up of troops who would train, advise and assist Afghan forces, potentially putting them with Afghan forces at the brigade level.  “It’s a fundamental change to how we bring our, what I would call our real superiority, in terms of air support,” Mattis said.  At the same hearing, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Joseph Dunford said he had gone to Mattis and Trump with “some options that might be considered” in order to help improve the security situation in Afghanistan. Reuters reported in late April that Trump’s administration was carrying out a review of Afghanistan and conversations were revolving around sending between 3,000 and 5,000 U.S. and coalition troops there. Deliberations include giving more authorities to forces on the ground and taking more aggressive action against Taliban fighters.  Some U.S. officials questioned the benefit of sending more troops to Afghanistan because any politically palatable number would not be enough to turn the tide, much less create stability and security. To date, more than 2,300 Americans have been killed and over 17,000 wounded.  On Saturday, three U.S. soldiers were killed when an Afghan soldier opened fire on them in eastern Afghanistan.  ",1
3242,Attorney General Sessions to talk publicly to U.S. Senate panel,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions’ public testimony before a Senate panel on Tuesday sets up another potentially dramatic hearing on possible ties between President Donald Trump’s campaign and Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential race.     Sessions will likely face tough questions at the open Senate Intelligence Committee hearing over his dealings with Russian officials during the campaign and whether he had a role in the firing of former FBI Director James Comey. Until a statement on Monday from committee Chairman Richard Burr, a Republican, it had been unclear whether Sessions would testify in an open or closed setting. Initially, Sessions expected to testify in a closed-door session, said two sources familiar with the attorney general’s thinking. But he left the decision up to Burr, the sources said. A Justice Department spokeswoman said that Sessions requested the open setting because “he believes it is important for the American people to hear the truth directly from him.” Comey told the same panel last week that the FBI had information in mid-February on Sessions that would have made it “problematic” for the attorney general to continue leading a federal probe into Russian attempts to influence the presidential election. Sessions recused himself from that inquiry in March after media reports that he had been in two previously undisclosed meetings last year with Russian ambassador Sergei Kislyak. Tuesday’s testimony, scheduled to start at 2:30 p.m. (1830 GMT), will be the first for Sessions in a congressional hearing since he became attorney general. During his nomination hearing in January, the former senator told the Senate Judiciary Committee that he had no contacts with Russian officials as part of the Trump campaign. Sessions is likely to be questioned over the truthfulness of his answers in January. A spokesman for the Justice Department said after media reports emerged in March of the meetings that Sessions had answered honestly because the encounters were part of his job as a senator and not as a surrogate of the Trump campaign.     Democratic Senator Dianne Feinstein, a member of both the Senate intelligence and judiciary committees, has said Sessions should answer questions about his January testimony.  Intelligence Committee members will also likely ask Sessions about a possible third undisclosed meeting with Kislyak that is now under investigation, according to media reports. Sessions, an early supporter of Trump’s election campaign, will be the most senior government official to testify to the committee on the Russia issue, which has dogged the Republican president’s early months in office. Critics charged that by firing Comey on May 9, Trump was trying to hinder the FBI’s Russia probe. The former FBI chief added fuel to that accusation with his testimony last week. Trump has denied he tried to interfere with the probe.       In his testimony, Comey said he had asked Sessions not to leave him alone with Trump following meetings where he said Trump had asked Comey for his loyalty. The attorney general may also face questions on that. Media reports last week said Sessions offered to resign because of tensions with Trump over his decision to recuse himself from the FBI’s Russia probe. The allegations are being investigated by special counsel Robert Mueller and several congressional panels, including the Senate Intelligence Committee.  Russia has denied interfering in the U.S. election. The White House has denied any collusion with Moscow. ",1
3243,"At Trump's Cabinet meeting, flattery is flavor of the day","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - They came to praise President Donald Trump, not focus on the controversies engulfing him. One by one, Trump’s Cabinet members assembled around the table spoke effusively about the president as he sat beaming, soaking it all in at the first formal gathering of his most senior officials at the White House on Monday. The lavishing of praise and adulation contrasted with the storm enveloping the president as he struggles with myriad crises, including an investigation into possible ties between his election campaign and Russian meddling in the race.  For him, the meeting was a welcome rendering of what he feels are major accomplishments ignored by his detractors, even though major legislative achievements have eluded him thus far. There was no one more gushing than White House chief of staff Reince Priebus, who is frequently the target of criticism from long-time Trump advisers and is often see as just one misstep away from being ousted, even though rumors of his departure have all proved to be premature. “On behalf of the entire senior staff around you, Mr. President, we thank you for the honor and the blessing that you’ve given us to serve your agenda and the American people and we’re continuing to work very hard every day to accomplish those goals,” Priebus said. Trump used the meeting to try to show a sense of momentum for his agenda after weeks of being engulfed in controversy over his May 9 firing of FBI Director James Comey, who was heading the Russia investigation. “We’ve been about as active as you can possibly be and at a just about record pace,” he said. “In just a very short time we are seeing amazing results. People are surprised. It’s kicking in very fast.” But one of his greatest adversaries, Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer, put together a mock video of a meeting with his staff with aides praising Schumer. “Michelle, how’d my hair look coming out of the gym this morning?” Schumer asks, turning to one staffer. “You have great hair. Nobody has better hair than you,” Michelle said. Priebus was not alone in using the opportunity to praise Trump. “It is the greatest privilege of my life to serve as vice president. The president is keeping his word to the American people,” said Vice President Mike Pence. Agriculture Secretary Sonny Perdue, noting the comments from other officials who said they had recently been abroad, noted wryly: “While we are bragging about international travel I just got back from Mississippi and they like you there.” U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley, who as governor of South Carolina had endorsed Trump opponent Marco Rubio last year, called it “a new day at the United Nations” with Trump in power. “We now have a very strong voice. People know what the United States is for. They know what we are against. And they see us in a new way across the board. I think the international community knows we are back,” she said. ",1
3244,Another U.S. appeals court refuses to revive Trump travel ban,"SAN FRANCISCO/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump suffered another legal setback on Monday as a second federal appeals court refused to revive his travel ban on people entering the United States from six Muslim-majority nations in a dispute headed to the U.S. Supreme Court. The San Francisco-based 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals  used narrow grounds to reject the Trump administration’s bid to undo a Hawaii federal judge’s decision blocking the temporary ban. It said the Republican president’s March 6 order violated existing immigration law. But the three-judge panel - all Democratic appointees - did not address whether it was unconstitutional discrimination against Muslims. A second court, the Richmond, Virginia-based 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, on May 25 upheld a Maryland judge’s ruling that also blocked Trump’s 90-day ban on travelers from Libya, Iran, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen.  The 4th Circuit had ruled that the ban, which replaced an earlier Jan. 27 one also blocked by the courts, “drips with religious intolerance, animus and discrimination” aimed at Muslims. The 9th Circuit largely left in place a nationwide injunction by Judge Derrick Watson that stopped parts of the order, which Trump said was urgently needed to prevent terrorism in the United States. That ruling came in a lawsuit challenging the order brought by the state of Hawaii, which stated the ban would harm its universities and tourism industry. Even before Monday’s ruling, the case was on the fast track to the Supreme Court, where the administration on June 1 filed an emergency request seeking to reinstate the order and hear its appeal of the 4th Circuit ruling. The Supreme Court could act on the administration’s request as soon as this week. Trump has been on the losing side in all four court rulings on the March order. White House spokesman Sean Spicer said the administration is reviewing Monday’s decision and expressed continued confidence that the order is fully lawful and ultimately will be upheld by the Supreme Court. “I think we can all attest that these are very dangerous times and we need every available tool at our disposal to prevent terrorists from entering the United States and committing acts of bloodshed and violence,” Spicer told a briefing. The 9th Circuit upheld the block on Trump’s three-month travel ban for the six countries and four-month suspension of all refugee admissions. But the court pared back part of Watson’s injunction in order to allow the government to conduct internal reviews on vetting procedures for these travelers. The administration said the travel ban was needed to allow time to implement stronger vetting measures, although it has already rolled out some new requirements not blocked by courts, including additional questions for visa applicants. Rather than focusing on Trump campaign statements as the Virginia-based court did, the 9th Circuit said the language in the executive order itself did not make a rational case for why a travel ban was needed. “The order does not offer a sufficient justification to suspend the entry of more than 180 million people on the basis of nationality,” the court wrote, referring the combined populations of the six countries.  Under immigration law, the administration was required to make findings that entry of the people in question would be detrimental to the United States but failed to do so, the court said. Stephen Vladeck, a professor at University of Texas School of Law, said the 9th Circuit provided an easier path for the Supreme Court to keep the travel ban on hold, because it avoided entirely the controversy over Trump’s campaign statements.  “It provides a very attractive way to leave the injunction in place without setting broader doctrinal rules about which they may have pause,” Vladeck said. Trump during the 2016 presidential campaign called for a “total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States.” Monday was the deadline for the ban’s challengers to respond to the administration’s request that the order be allowed to go into effect. The American Civil Liberties Union, which represents people challenging the ban in the separate Maryland suit handled by the 4th Circuit, filed court papers urging the court not to take up the case, saying the order will become moot on Wednesday, 90 days from when Trump issued it. Lawyers for Hawaii called the order a “thinly veiled Muslim ban.” Trump’s earlier Jan. 27 order also included Iraq among the countries targeted and a total ban on refugees from Syria. The March order was intended to overcome the legal issues posed by the original ban, but was blocked before it could go into effect on March 16. The suits by Hawaii and the Maryland challengers argued that the order violated federal immigration law and a section of the Constitution’s First Amendment that prohibits the government from favoring or disfavoring any particular religion. Hawaii’s court papers mentioned a series of Trump Twitter posts on June 5. Trump described the order as a “watered down, politically correct” version of his original one. ",1
3245,Montana congressman-elect sentenced to community work for assaulting reporter,"BOZEMAN, Mont. (Reuters) - A Montana Republican congressman-elect pleaded guilty on Monday to assaulting a reporter and was ordered to perform community service and receive anger management training. Greg Gianforte, a wealthy former technology executive who campaigned on his support for President Donald Trump, attacked a reporter on May 24, the day before he won a special election to fill Montana’s lone seat in the U.S. House of Representatives. Gallatin County Judge Rick West sentenced Gianforte to 40 hours of community service and 20 hours of anger management classes. The judge in Bozeman, Montana, also handed down a six-month deferred jail sentence, allowing Gianforte to avoid time behind bars if he complies with the court’s orders.    Ben Jacobs, a political correspondent for Britain’s Guardian newspaper, said Gianforte “body-slammed” him, breaking his eyeglasses, when the reporter posed a question about healthcare during a campaign event in Bozeman.  The altercation has been portrayed as a sign of the toxicity that has infused American politics. Critics of Trump say his strident criticism of the media has encouraged violence against journalists, while some of the president’s supporters say reporters in general are unfair in their coverage. “This was not a proud moment, but I’m ready to move on and we have a lot of work to do in Washington,” Gianforte, who is expected to be sworn in later this month, said outside court. Last week Gianforte apologized to Jacobs in a letter, and he sent a $50,000 check to the Committee to Protect Journalists. In return, Jacobs pledged not to sue him. “I am confident that he will be a strong advocate for a free press and the First Amendment,” Jacobs said in court on Monday. “And I even hope to be able to finally interview him once he has arrived on Capitol Hill.” Gianforte apologized to Jacobs again in court and said he looked forward to meeting with him later. The judge left open the possibility that Gianforte, after completing his sentence, could have the misdemeanor assault charge formally dismissed, Gallatin County Prosecutor Marty Lambert said by phone. Gianforte initially sought to plead no contest, instead of guilty, but the prosecutor said he insisted on a guilty plea. “This is the type of case where a defendant just needs to admit to the court what he did, to plead guilty, and he did that,” Lambert said. Gianforte on May 25 defeated Democrat Rob Quist to fill the House seat vacated when Trump appointed Ryan Zinke as interior secretary.  ",1
3246,U.S. targets Iraqis for deportation in wake of travel ban deal,"(Reuters) - U.S. immigration authorities are arresting Iraqi immigrants ordered deported for serious crimes, the U.S. government said on Monday, after Iraq agreed to accept U.S. deportees as part of a deal to remove it from President Donald Trump’s travel ban. Dozens of Iraqi Chaldean Catholics in Detroit, Michigan were among those targeted in immigration sweeps over the weekend, according to immigration attorneys and family members, some of whom feared they would be killed if deported to their home country where they have faced persecution.  Kurdish Iraqis were also picked up in Nashville, Tennessee in recent days, attorneys, activists and family members told Reuters.  The actions came as part of the Trump administration’s push to increase immigration enforcement and make countries, which have resisted in the past, take back nationals ordered deported from the United States. “As a result of recent negotiations between the U.S. and Iraq, Iraq has recently agreed to accept a number of Iraqi nationals subject to orders of removal,” said Gillian Christensen, a spokeswoman for U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement.      Christensen said the agency arrested individuals who had criminal convictions for violations ranging from homicide to drug charges and had been ordered removed by an immigration judge. She declined to give more details, citing the ongoing nature of the operation. An Iraqi official said Iraqi diplomatic and consular missions would coordinate with U.S. authorities to issue travel documents for the deportees when they can be proven “to be ‘Iraqi’ based on our records and investigation.” The Iraqi official said around 100 people were arrested just in Detroit over the weekend. Reuters could not independently confirm all of the cases. The moves come after the U.S. government dropped Iraq from a list of countries targeted by a revised version of Trump’s temporary travel ban issued in March.  The March 6 order said Iraq was taken off the list because the Iraqi government had taken steps “to enhance travel documentation, information sharing, and the return of Iraqi nationals subject to final orders of removal.” There are approximately 1,400 Iraqi nationals with final orders of removal currently in the United States, according to U.S. officials. Iraq had previously been considered one of 23 “recalcitrant” countries, along with China, Afghanistan, Iran, Somalia and others, that refused to cooperate with ICE’s efforts to remove nationals from the United States, according to ICE. At least some of the people who were picked up came to the United States as children, got in trouble years ago and already served their sentences, according to immigration attorneys and local activists. They had been given an effective reprieve from deportation because Iraq would not take them back. “I understand these are criminals, but they paid their dues,” said Eman Jajonie-Daman, an immigration attorney in Detroit who had been receiving frantic phone calls from clients’ families over the weekend. “But we cannot send them back to die.”  Some of the weekend arrests took place in Michigan’s Macomb County, which Trump won by 53.6 percent in the 2016 Presidential race, backed by many in the Iraqi Christian community. The community is home to many refugees who have fled Iraq in the face of religious persecution, according to the Chaldean Community Foundation.  At least one family of Trump supporters has been affected by the recent enforcement actions. Nahrain Hamama said ICE agents came to her house on Sunday morning and arrested her 54-year-old husband Usama Hamama, a supermarket manager who goes by “Sam.” He has lived in the United States since childhood and has four U.S.-born children. During the election, all his U.S. citizen relatives were Trump supporters, Hamama said. “He forgot his language, he doesn’t speak Arabic anymore. We have no family there on both sides. Where would he go? What would he do? How would he live?” Hamama said. She fears for his health and that he will be targeted by groups in Iraq because of his religion, made more visible because of a cross tattooed on his wrist.  Sam got in trouble with the law in his 20s, in what his wife called a “road rage” incident where he brandished a gun during a fight in traffic. He served time in prison and was ordered deported after being released. For the past seven years he has regularly checked in with immigration officials, his wife said. “It is a shame that for one mistake, that he paid for legally, now he has to pay with his own life.” ",1
3247,U.S. Interior chief recommends shrinking Utah's Bears Ears monument,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke said on Monday he has recommended that President Donald Trump reduce the size of the Bears Ears National Monument in Utah - a move that drew quick fire from conservationists but was supported by mining and drilling interests. The 1.35 million acre (5,463 square kms) area, designated by former President Barack Obama during his final days in office and named for its iconic twin buttes, is the first of 27 national monuments to be reviewed by the Trump administration as part of a plan to increase development on federal lands. “My job is to make sure that I ... reflect the concerns of Utah, and reflect the concerns of the taxpayers and the public who own the lands, and I think we’ve done that,” Zinke told reporters in a teleconference about his interim recommendation sent to Trump on Saturday. Zinke toured Utah for four days before making the recommendation. His report said that the Antiquities Act, used by past presidents to declare monuments, should cover the “smallest area compatible” with protecting important sites.  “Therefore... the Secretary of the Interior recommends that the existing boundary of the (Bears Ears) be modified to be consistent with the intent of the act.” Rather than designating a vast monument, as Obama did, “it would have been more appropriate to identify and separate the areas that have significant objects to be protected to meet the purposes of the Act,” Zinke’s report said. More study is necessary to determine how much smaller Bears Ears should be, Zinke said, and that decision will not be made until all of the 27 monuments are reviewed.  Jamie Williams, president of The Wilderness Society, said Zinke’s recommendation was “nothing less than an attack on the future of all American monuments, parks and public lands,” and was “against the wishes of the overwhelming majority of Americans.”  A public comment period that closed in late May generated hundreds of thousands of comments, with the majority expressing hope that monuments like Bears Ears remain protected. Zinke also recommended that tribes be allowed to co-manage “cultural areas” within the resized monument - a nod to Native Americans who had lobbied for protections for the territory - and that Congress review conservation policies in the area. His recommendation to Trump set the tone for the administration’s broader review, triggered by an executive order in April. Trump had argued that previous administrations “abused” their right to designate monuments under the Antiquities Act of 1906 and put millions of acres of land, mainly in western states, off limits to drilling, mining, logging and ranching without adequate input from locals. The review is likely to add fuel to a heated national debate over Washington’s role in America’s wildest spaces. Environmentalists and tribal groups support federal oversight, but many state political leaders, conservatives and industry groups say the lands should generate money for business, creating jobs, or yielding revenue for education and other public services. While the land encompassed by the Bears Ears monument is not believed to contain huge amounts of coal, oil or gas, several other monuments on Zinke’s review list do - making the Bears Ears decision symbolically important to industry groups. Kathleen Sgamma, president of the Western Energy Alliance, representing oil and gas companies, said Zinke’s approach was sensible. “It’s clear that Bears Ears was an overreach, and was much larger than necessary to protect cultural resources.”  ",1
3248,Factbox: Review of U.S. national monuments could unlock new energy reserves," (In this June 9 story, corrects name of company in paragraph 6 to California Resources Corporation; adds “million” in final paragraph) WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke will make a recommendation to the White House on Saturday on whether to rescind or resize the Bears Ears monument in Utah, setting the tone for the Trump administration’s broader study of which lands protected by past presidents should be reopened to development. It is unclear when the decision will be made public.  While the land encompassed by the 1.35 million-acre Bears Ears monument is not believed to contain massive amounts of coal, oil or gas, several other monuments on Zinke’s review list may, making the Bears Ears decision important to industry groups. Here is a list: Barack Obama designated this 704,000 acres of southeastern Nevada a national monument in 2015. The area sits in the Chainman Shale play, which is believed by some in the drilling industry to be a promising reserve.  Barack Obama designated this 1.35 million acres in southeastern Utah a national monument in late 2016, shortly before leaving office. The area, which surrounds a pair of iconic buttes, has moderate oil and gas potential, and one oil company, EOG Resources, was granted drilling leases within its boundaries shortly before the designation.  Bill Clinton designated this 178,000-acre area in southwestern Colorado a national monument in 2000, but because it was already an active zone for the oil and gas industry, he granted drillers an allowance to continue to operate there, with limitations. Bill Clinton designated this 204,000-acre area in California a national monument in 2001. It is located in an area that has seen oil exploration in the past and has some moderate potential for commercial reservoirs. California Resources Corporation has pre-existing drilling rights on part of the monument, but has not yet made a big find. GRAND STAIRCASE-ESCALANTE: Bill Clinton designated this 1.9 million acre swath of southern Utah a national monument in 1996. It holds roughly 62 billion tons of coal, along with coal bed gas, and potentially commercial quantities of oil, according to the Utah Geological Survey. (here ) Bill Clinton designated this 495,000 acre area of central Montana a national monument in 2001. In 1995, the U.S. Geological Survey estimated the area held somewhere between 58.2 and 719.9 billion cubic feet of natural gas, along with between 14 million and 180 million barrels oil. (here )",1
3249,Interior Secretary to make proposal on Bears Ears monument in test for protected land,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke is due to make a recommendation to the White House on Saturday on whether to rescind or resize Utah’s Bears Ears monument, setting the tone for the administration’s broader study of which lands protected by past presidents should be reopened to development. The 1.35 million-acre monument, created by former president Barack Obama at the end of his term and named after its iconic twin buttes, is the first of 27 national monuments that will be evaluated by the Department of the Interior after President Donald Trump ordered the review in April. The deadline for Zinke’s recommendation on Bears Ears is June 10, though an Interior Department official did not say when the recommendation would be made public. Trump had argued that previous administrations “abused” their right to designate national monuments under the U.S. Antiquities Act of 1906, and put millions of acres of land, mainly in western states, off limits to drilling, mining, logging and ranching without adequate input from locals. Conservation groups, meanwhile, have called Trump’s effort to alter existing national monuments illegal and irresponsible, and have vowed to challenge him in court. “Whatever comes out of these recommendations will give us an insight into how this administration takes its responsibilities to protect public lands and uphold conservation mandates,” said Nada Culver, senior counsel of the Wilderness Society, an environmental advocacy group.     The review taps into a heated national debate over Washington’s role in America’s wildest spaces: environmentalists and tribal groups support federal oversight, but many state political leaders, conservatives, and industry groups say the lands should be generating money for business, creating jobs, or yielding revenue for education and other public services. Bears Ears was created after years of lobbying by a coalition of five tribes, who say the area is sacred. Republicans, like Senator Orin Hatch of Utah, have argued, however, that Obama’s designation of the Bears Ears monument had weakened education funding in the state through its School and Institutional Trust Lands system - which delivers revenues from land development to schools. While the land encompassed by the Bears Ears monument is not believed to contain huge amounts of coal, oil or gas, several other monuments on Zinke’s review list do - making the Bears Ears decision important symbolically to industry groups. “Who is to say that, in the future, a president couldn’t just put a whole basin under monument designation,” said Kathleen Sgamma, president of the Western Energy Alliance, representing oil and gas companies. ",1
3250,Charter schools see opportunity with Republicans in power: lobbying group,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Having Republicans control both the White House and Congress could deliver more federal funds to charter schools and also create competition for dollars from alternative approaches to education, the head of a charter school lobbying group told its members on Monday. President Donald Trump and Education Secretary Betsy DeVos, both Republicans, suggested in their proposed budget last month to increase federal funding for charter schools, which are public schools that are run independently from local districts, typically by a corporation. “We have a huge opportunity to score major funding increases for our movement,” said National Alliance for Public Charter Schools President Nina Rees at an annual meeting. “But if you don’t speak up now, we may never have as good a chance to make a difference for our students.” More than three million children across the country attend charter schools, Rees said. The budget also proposed increasing money for other “school choice” programs, primarily giving families vouchers to pay private school tuition. The overall education budget would be cut by $9 billion under the Trump administration’s plan, which Congress must still approve. The two major teacher unions, the National Education Association and the American Federation of Teachers, have said the budget would slash public school funding to free up money for private initiatives. Democrats have supported charter schools in the past, but now are nervous about associating themselves with Trump policies, Rees said. Republicans have long wanted to pursue ideas different from the traditional state schools. Rees told the meeting that some Republicans could give charter schools a lower priority than other issues on their legislative agenda.  “All of us need to understand that accepting the president’s support for charter schools doesn’t tie us to his whole agenda,” Rees said. Last week, DeVos faced hostile questions from a U.S. Senate committee about her voucher ideas, with her mostly responding that she was only exploring the possibility of a program. Past Republican proposals would provide “vouchers” via tax credits for parents. Supporters say vouchers could give children in neighborhoods with weak public schools the chance to receive a better education at local private institutions. Critics say vouchers are intended to boost private-sector profits with public money, and that the suggested subsidy amounts are too low to make tuition affordable for the poorest parents. ",1
3251,Another U.S. appeals court refuses to revive Trump travel ban,"SAN FRANCISCO/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump suffered another legal setback on Monday as a second federal appeals court refused to revive his travel ban on people entering the United States from six Muslim-majority nations in a dispute headed to the U.S. Supreme Court. The San Francisco-based 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals  used narrow grounds to reject the Trump administration’s bid to undo a Hawaii federal judge’s decision blocking the temporary ban. It said the Republican president’s March 6 order violated existing immigration law. But the three-judge panel - all Democratic appointees - did not address whether it was unconstitutional discrimination against Muslims. A second court, the Richmond, Virginia-based 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, on May 25 upheld a Maryland judge’s ruling that also blocked Trump’s 90-day ban on travelers from Libya, Iran, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen.  The 4th Circuit had ruled that the ban, which replaced an earlier Jan. 27 one also blocked by the courts, “drips with religious intolerance, animus and discrimination” aimed at Muslims. The 9th Circuit largely left in place a nationwide injunction by Judge Derrick Watson that stopped parts of the order, which Trump said was urgently needed to prevent terrorism in the United States. That ruling came in a lawsuit challenging the order brought by the state of Hawaii, which stated the ban would harm its universities and tourism industry. Even before Monday’s ruling, the case was on the fast track to the Supreme Court, where the administration on June 1 filed an emergency request seeking to reinstate the order and hear its appeal of the 4th Circuit ruling. The Supreme Court could act on the administration’s request as soon as this week. Trump has been on the losing side in all four court rulings on the March order. White House spokesman Sean Spicer said the administration is reviewing Monday’s decision and expressed continued confidence that the order is fully lawful and ultimately will be upheld by the Supreme Court. “I think we can all attest that these are very dangerous times and we need every available tool at our disposal to prevent terrorists from entering the United States and committing acts of bloodshed and violence,” Spicer told a briefing. The 9th Circuit upheld the block on Trump’s three-month travel ban for the six countries and four-month suspension of all refugee admissions. But the court pared back part of Watson’s injunction in order to allow the government to conduct internal reviews on vetting procedures for these travelers. The administration said the travel ban was needed to allow time to implement stronger vetting measures, although it has already rolled out some new requirements not blocked by courts, including additional questions for visa applicants. Rather than focusing on Trump campaign statements as the Virginia-based court did, the 9th Circuit said the language in the executive order itself did not make a rational case for why a travel ban was needed. “The order does not offer a sufficient justification to suspend the entry of more than 180 million people on the basis of nationality,” the court wrote, referring the combined populations of the six countries.  Under immigration law, the administration was required to make findings that entry of the people in question would be detrimental to the United States but failed to do so, the court said. Stephen Vladeck, a professor at University of Texas School of Law, said the 9th Circuit provided an easier path for the Supreme Court to keep the travel ban on hold, because it avoided entirely the controversy over Trump’s campaign statements.  “It provides a very attractive way to leave the injunction in place without setting broader doctrinal rules about which they may have pause,” Vladeck said. Trump during the 2016 presidential campaign called for a “total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States.” Monday was the deadline for the ban’s challengers to respond to the administration’s request that the order be allowed to go into effect. The American Civil Liberties Union, which represents people challenging the ban in the separate Maryland suit handled by the 4th Circuit, filed court papers urging the court not to take up the case, saying the order will become moot on Wednesday, 90 days from when Trump issued it. Lawyers for Hawaii called the order a “thinly veiled Muslim ban.” Trump’s earlier Jan. 27 order also included Iraq among the countries targeted and a total ban on refugees from Syria. The March order was intended to overcome the legal issues posed by the original ban, but was blocked before it could go into effect on March 16. The suits by Hawaii and the Maryland challengers argued that the order violated federal immigration law and a section of the Constitution’s First Amendment that prohibits the government from favoring or disfavoring any particular religion. Hawaii’s court papers mentioned a series of Trump Twitter posts on June 5. Trump described the order as a “watered down, politically correct” version of his original one. ",1
3252,Puerto Rico governor vows statehood push after referendum win,"NEW YORK/SAN JUAN (Reuters) - Puerto Rico’s governor on Monday said the island’s vote in favor of becoming a U.S. state, despite low voter turnout and widespread boycotts, was “a fair and open” process that U.S. Congress should act upon. An island-wide referendum on Sunday favored statehood in a 97 percent landslide, though voter turnout reached just 23 percent as opponents of Governor Ricardo Rossello’s push to become a state boycotted the vote. The non-binding plebiscite is not expected to sway the U.S. Congress, which would have to agree to make Puerto Rico a state. Currently a U.S. territory, the island is struggling with $70 billion in debt and a 45 percent poverty rate, and is not viewed as a priority in Washington.   Rossello, who campaigned on a push for statehood, said in a telephone interview with Reuters that he will go to the U.S. capital this week to urge federal lawmakers to begin the process of admitting Puerto Rico into the union. “We will make sure this becomes an issue,” Rossello said. The vote comes at a critical time for Puerto Rico, whose hazy status - which dates to its 1898 acquisition by the United States from Spain - has contributed to its ongoing economic crisis. Last month, the island filed the biggest municipal bankruptcy in U.S. history. Its woes make statehood even more urgent, Rossello said. “Statehood brings stability, allows us to have fewer rule-changes from Congress, provides resources to our people,” he said.  Sunday’s referendum, which cost Puerto Rico between $5 million and $7 million, according to government estimates, was the island’s fifth since 1967 - and the third in which pro-statehood sentiments triumphed, though none have moved Congress to act. “If the U.S. is going to go to Venezuela and Cuba and Afghanistan and push democracy abroad, they’ve got to do the same” with their own territories, he said.  But Puerto Ricans are skeptical the island’s status will change. “This has all been a waste of time,” said taxi driver Felix Salasarar, 54, adding that federal lawmakers will “look at the voter turnout and say, ‘where’s the will of the people?’”  Working against the governor may be a perception in Washington that Sunday’s vote was not fair.  The U.S. Department of Justice in April called on Rossello to change ballot language that initially did not give voters an option to remain a U.S. territory.  Rossello told Reuters he made that decision because the territory option - which Rossello equates to colonialism - already lost in a previous status referendum, in 2012, making this year’s vote a choice between statehood and independence.  The Justice department viewed the language as politically unfair to millions of Puerto Ricans who favor territory status, prompting Rossello to add the territory option. But the Justice department never reviewed or approved the new language. To be sure, Sunday’s results do not reflect the true nature of Puerto Ricans’ views on statehood, which are fairly evenly divided between those who favor it and those who do not, based upon historical election results. Statehooder Rossello, for example, won his own election with just 42 percent of the vote. But that, the governor said, is how democracy works: “Everybody knows that those who go through the voting process have a louder voice than those who don’t,” he said. Carolina Santos, a single working mother struggling to make her mortgage payments, said bankrupt Puerto Rico has more important things to worry about than a status vote. “Maybe we should focus more on fixing our financial problems and our schools,” she said. ",1
3253,"Maryland, District of Columbia sue over payments to Trump hotels","(Reuters) - The attorneys general of Maryland and the District of Columbia filed a lawsuit on Monday claiming that government payments to President Donald Trump’s businesses violate the U.S. Constitution. Payments to the president’s enterprises from foreign and domestic governments through his hospitality empire draw business away from Maryland and D.C. venues and put local governments under pressure to give Trump-owned businesses special treatment, according to the complaint.  Foreign and domestic government payments to Trump’s businesses were the target of a similar lawsuit brought in January by plaintiffs including an ethics nonprofit group, and Democratic lawmakers have blasted them as potential corrupting influences on Trump. The Trump Organization has said it will donate profits from customers representing foreign governments to the U.S. Treasury but will not require the customers to identify themselves.  “Every time the president has spoken about drawing a line between his presidency and his businesses, he’s walked those promises back,” said D.C. Attorney General Karl Racine said at a news conference on Monday. The case by Racine and Maryland Attorney General Brian Frosh, both Democrats, has a better chance in court as the first government action over allegations that Trump, a Republican, violated the Constitution’s so-called emoluments clauses, legal experts said.  Democratic attorneys general have taken a lead role in challenging Trump policies, successfully blocking executive orders restricting travel from some Muslim-majority countries.  The Maryland and D.C. attorneys general are seeking an order in U.S. District Court in Maryland preventing Trump from continuing to receive government payments beyond his salary.  White House press secretary Sean Spicer on Monday rejected the claim that Trump’s business interests violated the Constitution and said “partisan politics” were behind the lawsuit. Trump’s lawyers will likely move to dismiss the case, he said. The Justice Department declined to comment.  Trump’s ownership in hundreds of businesses hurts Maryland and D.C. and violates “emoluments” clauses in the Constitution that bar the president from accepting gifts from foreign governments without congressional approval as well as from domestic governments under any circumstances, according to the  complaint.  While Trump turned over management of the umbrella Trump Organization in January to a trust controlled by his two elder sons, he still owns his businesses, including the Trump International Hotel in Washington, and can draw revenue from them at any time. The attorneys general argued they had standing to sue Trump because their citizens will be harmed if payments to Trump are used to influence his allocation of federal funds. They also said local hospitality companies, including state-owned facilities, are being harmed.  The Justice Department on Friday argued in the other lawsuit that the plaintiffs lacked legal standing to sue because they cannot allege enough specific harm caused by Trump’s businesses.  The attorneys general have a better chance of establishing standing, legal scholars said, although they are divided over whether the AGs will ultimately succeed. Plaintiffs typically only have standing to file lawsuits under federal law if they can show they have been injured and a court ruling would remedy the harm.  Fordham Law School Professor Jed Shugerman said state governments’ special duty to protect their citizens means they face a lower bar to standing in federal court, and the AG lawsuit should proceed.  However, Derek Muller, a professor at Pepperdine University School of Law, said it was unclear that this harm could be remedied by a favorable ruling.  The government has also said Trump hotel revenue does not fit the definition of an improper payment under the Constitution. Payments to Trump’s hotels do not qualify as a violation of the emoluments clause, which is intended to cover personal services performed by the president, the government said. “If the Justice Department is correct, the emoluments clause has no meaning whatsoever,” said Frosh, the Maryland official.  “The president can stand over here with his president of the United States hat and he’s not allowed to take payments. But he takes a step over here and puts on his businessman hat, they can funnel as much money to him as they want.” ",1
3254,Supreme Court invalidates gender inequality in citizenship law,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday struck down a gender distinction in U.S. immigration law that treats mothers and fathers differently when determining a child’s citizenship, calling such inequality “stunningly anachronistic.” The high court, in a 8-0 ruling authored by Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, found that a provision in federal law that defines how people born overseas can be eligible for U.S. citizenship violated the U.S. Constitution’s equal protection guarantee.  The ruling, however, may not help the man who brought the case, New York resident Luis Morales-Santana, who was seeking to avoid deportation to the Dominican Republic after being convicted of several offenses. The law requires that unwed fathers who are American citizens spend at least five years living in the United States - a 2012 amendment reduced it from 10 years - before they can confer citizenship to a child born abroad, out of wedlock and to a partner who is not a U.S. citizen. For unwed U.S. mothers in the same situation, the requirement was only one year. In the ruling, the Supreme Court said that until Congress revises the law, both women and men will be covered by the five-year requirement. Ginsburg, known for her work on gender equality before she became a jurist, wrote for the court that in light of the Supreme Court’s various rulings regarding the equal protection guarantee since 1971, having separate “duration-of-residence requirements for unwed mothers and fathers who have accepted parental responsibility is stunningly anachronistic.” The arguments made in defense of the law by former President Barack Obama’s administration before he left office in January “cannot withstand inspection under a Constitution that requires the government to respect the equal dignity and stature of its male and female citizens,” Ginsburg wrote. Morales-Santana’s deceased father was an American citizen, while his mother was not. His father failed to meet the law’s five-year requirements by 20 days. His lawyer, Stephen Broome, said he is reviewing how the ruling affects his client. Morales-Santana, 54, was born in the Dominican Republican and has lived legally in the United States since 1975. He was convicted of several criminal offenses in 1995, including two counts of robbery and four counts of attempted murder. The U.S. government has sought to deport him since 2000. The high court split 4-4 on the same issue in 2011. In July 2015, the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in New York sided with Morales-Santana and struck down the law at issue, saying it applied “impermissible stereotyping” in imposing a tougher burden on fathers. The U.S. Justice Department sought to defend the law and asked the high court to take the case. The case is one of several with immigration-related themes that are before the justices at a time when President Donald Trump’s administration is pursing efforts to strengthen immigration enforcement. ",1
3255,U.S. appeals court ruling on Trump's revised travel ban imminent,"(Reuters) - A U.S. appeals court is set to rule on Monday on whether to uphold President Donald Trump’s temporary travel ban, a court official from the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco said.  The court is reviewing a March ruling by a Hawaii-based federal judge that blocked parts of Trump’s order that aimed to temporarily halt the entry of people from six Muslim-majority nations and refugees. ",1
3256,Trump says he will discuss Islamic State fight in two weeks,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Monday that he planned to hold a news conference in two weeks to discuss the U.S.-led coalition’s fight against the Islamic State militant group. Trump, speaking to reporters at the White House ahead of a scheduled meeting with his Cabinet, gave no specific date or any other details about the news conference. ",1
3257,Puerto Rico votes in favor of U.S. statehood amid low turnout,"SAN JUAN (Reuters) - The economically struggling U.S. island territory of Puerto Rico voted overwhelmingly on Sunday in favor of becoming the 51st state, although turnout was low and adding another star to the U.S. flag likely faces an uphill battle in Congress. A government website for the non-binding referendum, Puerto Rico’s fifth such plebiscite since 1967, showed 97 percent supported statehood. Only 23 percent of the 2.2 million eligible voters participated in the vote. Puerto Rico Governor Ricardo Rossello campaigned for statehood as the best avenue to boost future growth for the island, which has $70 billion in debt, a 45 percent poverty rate, woefully underperforming schools and near-insolvent pension and health systems. “From today going forward, the Federal government will no longer be able to ignore the voice of the majority of the American citizens in Puerto Rico,” Rossello said in a statement. “It would be highly contradictory for Washington to demand democracy in other parts of the world, and NOT respond to the legitimate right to self-determination that was exercised today in the American territory of Puerto Rico,” he added. Puerto Rico’s hazy political status, dating back to its 1898 acquisition by the United States from Spain, has contributed to the economic crisis that pushed it last month into the biggest municipal bankruptcy in U.S. history. “I voted for statehood,” Armando Abreu, a 74-year-old retiree, said after voting. “Even if it’s still a long way off in the distance, it’s our only hope.” Those in favor of statehood for the mainly Spanish-speaking Caribbean island hope the new status would put the territory on equal standing with the 50 U.S. states, giving them more access to federal funds and the right to vote for U.S. president. Under the current system, Puerto Rico’s 3.5 million American citizens do not pay federal taxes, vote in presidential elections or receive proportionate federal funding on programs like the Medicaid health insurance system for the poor. The U.S. government oversees policy and financial areas such as infrastructure, defense and trade. Rossello will ask Congress to respect the result, but Puerto Rico is seen as a low priority in Washington.    The island’s two main opposition parties boycotted the vote, which gave Puerto Ricans three options: becoming a U.S. state; remaining a territory; or becoming an independent nation, with or without some continuing political association with the United States. Puerto Rico’s former governor, Rafael Hernandez Colon, said in a statement: “A contrived plebiscite fabricated an artificial majority for statehood by disenfranchising hundreds of thousands of Commonwealth supporters.” Rather than heading to the polls, some 500 Puerto Ricans marched on the streets of San Juan, waving Puerto Rico’s flag and burning the American flag while chanting in support of independence.   “This is a bogus plebiscite. Our future is independence. We need to be able to decide our own fate,” said Liliana Laboy, one of the organizers of the protest. Boycotters were also angry about the costly referendum at a time when over 400 schools have closed and many Puerto Ricans are struggling to make ends meet. Schools where voting took place were in poor condition, with cracked paint and bare-bones playgrounds. Puerto Rico spent an estimated $8 million on the campaign and election process, according to a government spokesman. ",1
3258,Trump officials to unveil plan to cut factory rules this week,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Trump administration intends to unveil this week a plan to trim regulations it believes constrain U.S. manufacturing growth, potentially affecting environmental permits, worker safety and labor rules, an administration official said. The U.S. Commerce Department’s regulations “hit list” recommendations follow more than three months of study and consultation with industry on ways to streamline regulations and ease burdens on manufacturing firms.  A Trump administration official with knowledge of the recommendations to be sent to the White House said the Environmental Protection Agency’s complex permitting rules will be a key focus, echoing comments to Reuters by Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross last month. The 171 public comments submitted by companies and industry groups offer a strong hint to priorities for Commerce’s streamlining efforts, with numerous industry groups and firms complaining that EPA air quality permit rules for new facilities are often redundant. The report will analyze the submissions and “will identify a lot of problems and lay out ways to take responsible actions,” said the official, who declined to be identified by name. The process has looked at many regulations finalized under Trump’s predecessor, President Barack Obama. A common demand from industry was that the Trump administration should reject a planned tightening of ozone rules under the U.S. Clean Air Act’s National Ambient Air Quality Standards, with several groups arguing this would expose them to increased permitting hurdles for new facilities, raising costs. 3M Co (MMM.N) said other permitting requirements under the Clean Air Act contained “overlapping rules, redundant requirements, conflicts between rules and undue complexity.” The National Association of Manufacturers said the EPA’s review requirements for new sources of emissions such as factories can add $100,000 in costs for modeling air quality to a new facility and delay factory expansions by 18 months. It added that EPA should find ways to ease burdens for smaller projects and smaller firms. Also drawing complaints from construction groups and iron foundries is an incoming Occupational Safety and Health Administration rule reducing by 80 percent the amount of crystalline silica dust that can be inhaled. The dust, common on construction sites, can cause lung cancer, according to OSHA, but industry groups say reducing it to those levels will be prohibitively expensive. “To meet these much lower levels, new engineering controls and other measures will become necessary within the roofing industry,” said the National Roofing Contractors Association. Trump has already taken steps to roll back some not fully completed Obama-era environmental regulations such as restrictions on coal-fired power plants and a clean water rule greatly restricting runoff into small streams. But the Commerce list may target some rules already on the books.    “We are at the outset of what we think will be a very intense deregulatory agenda from the Trump team,” said Amit Narang, regulatory policy advocate at Public Citizen, a consumer watchdog group. “We are concerned that they are looking to gut regulations that benefit workers and benefit consumers.” Another OSHA rule that drew industry complaints is one that further reduces worker exposure to beryllium, another potential carcinogen, that became effective on May 20 after a decade-long rulemaking effort. Manufacturing groups including auto parts makers have also targeted labor rules that make it easier for unions to organize workers, expand the number of employees eligible for overtime and govern the reporting of workplace injuries. The range of industry complaints is vast. Mining giant Freeport-McMoRan (FCX.N) argued that planned EPA financial responsibility requirements for hard rock mining operations costing billions of dollars were based on inadequate study and “will have disastrous consequences for the mining industry.” Guitar maker Taylor Guitars said that permits needed from the Fish and Wildlife Service for mother-of-pearl used to decorate instruments was unnecessarily raising its costs. “This declaration requirement does not seem to serve any conservation or other purpose. The shell is not a species that is protected under law,” the company said. ",1
3259,"Britain, U.S. deny that Trump state visit delayed","LONDON (Reuters) - Prime Minister Theresa May’s office said on Sunday there had been no change to plans for U.S. President Donald Trump’s to come to Britain on a state visit, after the Guardian newspaper reported the trip had been postponed. The paper, citing an unidentified adviser at May’s Downing Street office who was in the room at the time, reported Trump had told May by telephone in recent weeks that he did not want to come if there were likely to be large-scale protests. “We aren’t going to comment on speculation about the contents of private phone conversations,” a spokeswoman for May’s office said. “The queen extended an invitation to President Trump to visit the UK and there is no change to those plans.”  The White House also denied the Guardian report, with an administration official telling Reuters, “The subject never came up on the call.”  No date has been set for the visit, which was agreed during May’s visit to Washington in January, but British media had reported it was planned for October. May’s hold on power has been significantly weakened since the results of a snap election last week cost her Conservative Party a parliamentary majority. In a bid to save her position, May has been trying to form a government with Northern Ireland’s Democratic Unionist Party, a small faction of social conservatives. British politics is going through an upheaval just a week before talks begin on Britain’s exit from the European Union, set for 2019.  Trump’s public criticism this month of London Mayor Sadiq Khan’s response to an attack by Islamist militants in London was condemned in Britain. May found herself forced to defend Khan, who is from the opposition Labour party. At that time, Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson said there was no reason to cancel the visit, while White House spokesman Sean Spicer said that Trump intended to go and that “he appreciates Her Majesty’s gracious invitation”. ",1
3260,Sessions says he will discuss Comey with Senate panel,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions said in a letter on Saturday that he will appear before the Senate Intelligence Committee on Tuesday to address matters former FBI Director James Comey brought up this week in testimony to the same panel. In a letter seen by Reuters, Sessions told Senator Richard Shelby, chairman of the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science and Related Agencies, that the intelligence committee is the “most appropriate” place to address matters that came up during Comey’s hearing on Thursday. The letter did not say whether Sessions planned to give public testimony or to appear before the panel behind closed doors. “In light of reports regarding Mr. Comey’s recent testimony before the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, it is important that I have an opportunity to address these matters in the appropriate forum,” Sessions said in the letter. The committee “is the most appropriate forum for such matters, as it has been conducting an investigation and has access to relevant, classified information,” he added. The Senate panel is investigating allegations of Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. presidential election. In March, Sessions removed himself from any probe into alleged Russian meddling in the elections, but maintained he did nothing wrong by failing to disclose that he met last year with Russia’s ambassador. In testimony to the Senate panel on Thursday, Comey accused President Donald Trump of firing him to try to undermine the FBI’s investigation of possible collusion by people in Trump’s campaign with Russia’s alleged efforts to influence the 2016 presidential election. Comey’s appearance raised new questions about the attorney general’s relationship with Russian officials and others with ties to President Vladimir Putin. One question is whether Sessions had any undisclosed meetings with Ambassador Sergei Kislyak or other Russians during the campaign or after Trump’s inauguration. In the most eagerly anticipated U.S. congressional hearing in years, Comey told lawmakers the Trump administration had lied and defamed him and the Federal Bureau of Investigation after the president dismissed him on May 9. Sessions had planned to appear before the Senate and House Appropriations Subcommittees, but the deputy attorney general will take his place, the letter said. ",1
3261,Bernie Sanders urges progressives to seek more electoral wins,"CHICAGO (Reuters) - Buoyed by the British Labour Party election gains this week, Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders on Saturday urged a summit of progressive activists who propelled his presidential candidacy to ramp up efforts to win elections and help remake a Democratic Party he deemed a failure. “They won those seats by standing up to the ruling class,” he said, referring to the British elections and citing wins by progressive U.S. candidates in several state and local races while writing off losses as evidence liberal progressives could still be competitive even in conservative states. But Sanders, who lost the Democratic nomination nearly a year ago to Hillary Clinton, showed little interest in a push by “Draft Bernie” activists who want him to start his own “People’s Party.” Many activists blame establishment Democrats for losing to President Donald Trump by failing to embrace a more populist left-leaning agenda. Sanders headlined the three-day “People’s Summit” in Chicago, attended by celebrity activists including actors Danny Glover and John Cusack, which brought together main progressive groups such as National Nurses United, Democratic Socialists of America and People for Bernie.  Many activists said they hoped to transform the momentum from recent protests such as January’s Women’s March in Washington into concrete plans to support a growing wave of grassroots candidates to secure electoral power. “We could have 10,000 people marching, but if we don’t have some means of translating that into winning political office and enacting a legislative progressive agenda, at the end of the day, what does it amount to?” said Nick Brana, the former staffer for the Sanders campaign leading the “Draft Bernie” group. With Trump mired in controversy over incidents such as the firing of former FBI Director James Comey, and Democrats having lost ground in statehouses and in Congress, RoseAnn Demoro, head of the nurses union, said the movement Sanders began was at a “tipping point” of broadening its support. Leaders with the Democratic Socialists of America said their membership has bloomed from 6,000 before the election to 22,000. Others warned that progressives don’t have the fundraising firepower they need or that gains were still fledgling. “We’re closer but we’re not yet winning,” said activist and writer Naomi Klein. Still, Sanders credited progressives with increasing public acceptance of proposals such as a $15 minimum wage, renegotiating trade policies and offering free college tuition. He got a standing ovation when he said the California Senate recently passed a single-payer health care plan. ",1
3262,Fannie Mae's Brooks to be nominated U.S. deputy Treasury secretary -Axios,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump plans to nominate Brian Brooks, general counsel for Fannie Mae, as deputy secretary of the U.S. Treasury, Axios reported on Saturday, citing three sources it said had knowledge of the pick. Brooks oversees the legal department and government and industry relations at the Federal National Mortgage Association, commonly known as Fannie Mae, a government-sponsored entity that provides financing for mortgage lenders. He is senior adviser to the chief executive and board of directors. Brooks worked at California bank OneWest with Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, who wanted a loyalist for the post, according to two of Axios’ unidentified sources.  A White House spokeswoman would not confirm the report. The position requires U.S. Senate confirmation. Trump’s first pick for the job, Goldman Sachs Group Inc banker James Donovan, withdrew his name last month for personal reasons. Earlier this year, the White House had considered Brooks to lead the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, according to CNBC. ",1
3263,"Trump says Comey not telling truth, willing to respond under oath","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Friday denied he tried to interfere with an FBI investigation, effectively accusing James Comey, the FBI’s former director, of lying under oath to Congress. Comey delivered scathing remarks about the president on Thursday at a congressional hearing and testified that Trump had asked him to drop a Federal Bureau of Investigation probe into former aide Michael Flynn and his alleged ties to Russia.  Trump said Comey’s testimony also vindicated him from allegations that he colluded with Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. presidential election. “James Comey confirmed a lot of what I said. And some of the things that he said just weren’t true,” Trump said at a news conference in the White House Rose Garden. Asked by a reporter if he had told Comey to drop the investigation into former national security adviser Flynn, Trump said, “I didn’t say that.” The reporter then asked, “So he lied about that?” “Well, I didn’t say that. I mean, I will tell you, I didn’t say that,” Trump replied. “And there would be nothing wrong if I did say it according to everybody that I’ve read today, but I did not say that,” he said. In his testimony, Comey also said Trump asked him in January to pledge loyalty to the president, an unusual request that would put in doubt the independence of the FBI.  “I hardly know the man. I’m not going to say I want you to pledge allegiance. Who would do that?” Trump said. Comey’s testimony was the most eagerly anticipated U.S. congressional hearing in years. The issue of the Trump election campaign’s relationship with Russia has dogged Trump’s first months in office and distracted from his policy goals such as overhauling the U.S. healthcare system and making tax cuts. Comey, who was fired by Trump in May, did not make any major disclosures about any links between Trump or his associates and alleged Russian meddling. Asked on Friday if he would be willing to go under oath to give his version of his interactions with Comey, Trump replied, “100 percent.” He said he would be happy to speak to special counsel Robert Mueller, who is investigating allegations that Russia interfered with the election and colluded with Trump’s campaign. “I would be glad to tell him exactly what I just told you,” Trump told a reporter. Several congressional committees, as well as the FBI and Mueller, are looking into the Russia allegations. On Friday, the leaders of the House of Representatives intelligence committee’s investigation said they had asked Comey for his notes and memos about his discussions with Trump, and asked the White House to produce any recordings or memos of conversations between Trump and Comey. Trump declined to answer questions from reporters about whether recordings existed. “I’ll tell you about that maybe sometime in the very near future,” he said. Trump’s offer to testify under oath would pit his word against Comey’s before federal investigators. If either Trump’s testimony or memos written by Comey about his conversations with the president turn out to be untrue, either man could be charged with lying to federal investigators. A U.S. president is given a wide array of immunities from criminal prosecutions. The U.S. Constitution does not directly address whether the president can be criminally prosecuted, and the area is the subject of legal debate. A president can be charged after leaving office. Trump wrote earlier on Friday on Twitter that the former FBI head had vindicated him by telling the Senate Intelligence Committee that the president had not been personally under investigation in the Russia probe. With a single tweet, Trump also castigated Comey as “a leaker” for giving an account of his conversation with the president to a law professor who shared it with a news outlet. “Despite so many false statements and lies, total and complete vindication ... and WOW, Comey is a leaker!” Trump tweeted. ",1
3264,U.S. seeks to dismiss lawsuit against Trump over foreign payments,"(Reuters) - The U.S. Department of Justice on Friday called for the dismissal of a lawsuit alleging President Donald Trump violated the constitution by accepting foreign payments at his hotels. The lawsuit, filed in January, said Trump violates the Constitution’s “emoluments” clause, which bars him from accepting gifts from foreign governments without congressional approval, by maintaining ownership over his business empire despite ceding day-to-day control to his sons. In a filing in Manhattan federal court on Friday, the justice department argued that the plaintiffs in the case - an ethics non-profit, restaurant group and hotel events booker - do not have legal standing to sue.  The government also said payments to Trump’s hotels do not qualify as a violation of the emoluments clause, which is intended to cover personal services performed by the president. “Plaintiffs’ broad-brush claims effectively assert that the Constitution disqualifies the president from serving as president while maintaining ownership interests in his commercial businesses,” the department said in its court filing. A spokesman for ethics watchdog Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington, one of the plaintiffs, did not immediately respond to a request for comment. The lawsuit said businesses such as hotel bookers are injured when foreign governments try to “curry favor” with Trump by favoring his own enterprises. It said this had even occurred since Trump took office, when China granted him trademark rights after he pledged to honor the “One China” policy of his White House predecessors. The DOJ on Friday said any payments to Trump’s restaurants in New York, a city with 24,000 restaurants, have not caused enough specific harm to plaintiffs to give them the ability to sue.   U.S. District Judge Ronnie Abrams, an appointee of former Democratic President Barack Obama, oversees the litigation.  ",1
3265,"After sowing doubts, Trump backs NATO mutual defense under charter","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Friday that he backs the NATO charter’s demand that all members be prepared to defend each other, weeks after jarring allies by not restating U.S. support for the agreement. At a joint news conference with Romanian President Klaus Iohannis, Trump said he supports the NATO charter’s Article 5, the requirement that each member of the alliance defend each other if they come under attack. During a visit to NATO headquarters last month in Brussels, Trump had pointedly not mentioned U.S. support for the critical portion of the NATO charter. He used his speech there to demand that members pay more for the alliance’s defense. A senior White House official later had said the United States does in fact support Article 5 simply by agreeing to the terms of the charter. But having not mentioned it himself, Trump sowed some doubts among allies and the ensuing controversy prompted Vice President Mike Pence to later express explicit U.S. support for the charter. Senior aides to Trump had tried to get a statement of explicit support for Article 5 in the president’s NATO speech but it was not included, a senior administration official said. “I’m committing the United States to Article 5 and certainly we are there to protect and that’s one of the reasons that I want people to make sure we have a very, very strong force by paying the kind of money necessary to have that force,” Trump said. “But yes, absolutely I’d be committed to Article 5,” he said. ",1
3266,Trump expected to unveil new Cuba policy as early as next Friday: sources,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump is expected to visit Miami as early as next Friday to announce a new Cuba policy that could tighten rules on trade and travel, rolling back parts of former President Barack Obama’s opening to the island, according to a U.S. official and people familiar with the matter. Trump’s aides are nearing completion of a review of relations with Cuba and are expected to send recommendations to his national security team and then to the president in coming days, a U.S. official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. Plans are in the works for Trump to roll out his new approach on June 16 in a speech in Miami, where he is expected to claim fulfillment of a campaign promise and justify it, at least in part, on human rights grounds, the sources said. But they cautioned that a delay in the announcement is still possible if it takes longer for Trump to make a final decision. While specific changes have not yet been finalized, the sources say Trump is likely to unveil a partial rather than complete rollback of Obama’s actions, which included restoration of relations and reopening of embassies after a diplomatic breakthrough in 2014 with America’s former Cold War foe. Among the options under consideration are banning U.S. companies from doing business with Cuban enterprises tied to the military – which controls a large part of the communist-ruled island’s economy – and tightening rules on Americans traveling there, according to people familiar with the discussions. With the Cuba review approaching its final stages, both sides of the issue have recently stepped up lobbying to sway Trump’s decision. In the letter sent to Trump on Friday, seven of his fellow Republicans warned that rescinding Obama’s policies would “incentivize Cuba to once again become dependent on countries like Russia and China.” Senior officials at the National Security Council met on Friday to begin finalizing a list of recommendations, the sources said. Trump’s changes are expected to stop short of breaking diplomatic relations restored two years ago after more than five decades of hostility, administration officials say. But divisions remain within the Trump administration over how far to go, especially given that rapprochement with Cuba has created opportunities for American companies. Some aides have argued that Trump, a former real estate magnate who won the presidency promising to unleash U.S. business and create jobs, would have a hard time defending any moves that close off the Cuban market. But other advisers have contended that it is important to make good on a promise to Cuban-Americans whose support they considered significant winning Florida in the 2016 election. Miami is home to the largest Cuban-American community. The U.S. airline and travel industries have made clear they do not want to see reinstatement of Cuba restrictions. “Imposing new regulations on travel to and trade with Cuba would be bad politics, bad policy, and bad for U.S. business,” said James Williams, president of Engage Cuba, a Washingon-based lobbying group. But Trump has come under heavy pressure from Cuban-American lawmakers, including Senator Marco Rubio and Representative Mario Diaz-Balart, to roll back Obama’s rapprochement. Rubio, a member of the Senate foreign relations and intelligence committees, is seen by Trump’s aides as an important figure to cultivate at a time when the members of his administration are under investigation over contacts with Russian officials. Rubio and other Obama critics have argued that he gave away too much to Cuban President Raul Castro for too little in return, especially on human rights. Trump’s aides are considering ways to make future engagement moves contingent on the Cuban government’s improvement on human rights and political freedoms, U.S. officials say. Such an emphasis would contrast sharply with Trump’s approach in other parts of the world where he has insisted the United States would stop lecturing other countries on the issue. “Trump - friend of Putin, Sissi, Salman, Duterte, Erdogan - will cite human rights to justify hurting the Cuban people,” tweeted Ben Rhodes, Obama’s former deputy national security adviser and an architect of his Cuba détente policy. Trump threatened shortly after his election in November to “terminate” Obama’s approach unless Cuba made significant concessions, something it is unlikely to do. Obama implemented his normalization measures through executive actions, and Trump has the power to undo much of it. ",1
3267,Trump to nominate Nathan Sales as counterterrorism coordinator: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump intends to nominate Nathan Sales, a former Homeland Security official, as State Department’s coordinator for counterterrorism, the White House said on Friday. Sales is a professor at Syracuse University College of Law, and previously served as deputy assistant secretary for policy at the Department of Homeland Security and as senior counsel in the Office of Legal Policy at the Department of Justice, the White House said in a statement. ",1
3268,Trump to nominate ex-NYSE Euronext VP Dawn DeBerry Stump to CFTC,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump intends to nominate Dawn DeBerry Stump, a former vice president at NYSE Euronext, to serve as commissioner on the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, the White House said in a statement on Friday. It said Stump is president of Stump Strategic, a consulting firm, and earlier worked in the Senate Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry, where she focused on farm policy matters and the CFTC. ",1
3269,About 19.5 million U.S. viewers watched Comey testify about Trump,"(Reuters) - Former FBI Director James Comey’s dramatic testimony before Congress on Thursday brought big audiences to U.S. broadcast and cable networks, drawing about 19.5 million viewers, according to data from the Nielsen ratings agency. That is a large audience for a daytime event, though it is short of the 30.6 million who tuned in to President Donald Trump's inauguration in January. (Graphic: Ratings for big televised events tmsnrt.rs/2sLLyPJ) Nielsen’s estimates include people watching on 10 U.S. broadcast and cable television networks, but not those who streamed the congressional hearing on computers or mobile phones. Broadcasters interrupted regular programming to air nearly three hours of live coverage of Comey’s remarks about his dealings with Trump before the president fired him in May. The tally was impressive for an event that aired during the work day, when typically only events like state funerals and royal weddings draw mass viewing, said Jeffrey Jones, director of journalism’s Peabody Awards and a professor at the University of Georgia. Jones was traveling and saw crowds gathered around TVs in Atlanta’s airport to watch the hearing.  “Politics is quite often about theater and drama, and this was a classic showdown,” he said. “People wanted to see it for themselves.” The television ratings do not include the many people who watched the highly anticipated hearing during at bars and restaurants or online through TV network apps or on social media sites.  Alphabet Inc’s YouTube reported nearly 800,000 peak concurrent viewers across streams from 20 news outlets. Twitter Inc. said the average minute audience for its livestream of Bloomberg’s coverage was 129,000 viewers. The year’s most-watched television event is football’s Super Bowl, which attracted 111 million viewers in February. Game Three of basketball’s NBA Finals pulled in about 20 million for its primetime broadcast on Wednesday.  During his appearance, Comey told the Senate Intelligence Committee that he believed Trump dismissed him to try to undermine a Federal Bureau of Investigation probe into possible collusion between Trump’s 2016 presidential campaign team and Russia. Trump on Friday said Comey’s testimony showed “no obstruction.” ",1
3270,"Factbox: Trump on Twitter (June 9) - Comey, Dodd-Frank repeal, jobs","The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump, @realDonaldTrump and @POTUS.  The opinions expressed are his own. Reuters has not edited the statements or confirmed their accuracy.  @realDonaldTrump : - Despite so many false statements and lies, total and complete vindication...and WOW, Comey is a leaker! [0610 EDT] - Great reporting by @foxandfriends and so many others. Thank you! [0654 EDT] - Congratulations to Jeb Hensarling & Republicans on successful House vote to repeal major parts of the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial law. GROWTH! [1022 EDT] - An honor to join the @FaithandFreedom Coalition yesterday. In America, we don’t worship government. We worship God. #FaithandFreedom [1428 EDT] - A great honor to host and welcome leaders from around America to the @WhiteHouse Infrastructure Summit. #InfrastructureWeek [1448 EDT]  - It is time to rebuild OUR country, to bring back OUR jobs, to restore OUR dreams, & yes, to put #AmericaFirst! TY Ohio! #InfrastructureWeek [1852 EDT] -- Source link: (bit.ly/2jBh4LU) (bit.ly/2jpEXYR) ",1
3271,New York attorney general looking at Eric Trump charity's payouts,"(Reuters) - New York’s attorney general is looking into a report that the Eric Trump Foundation funneled more than $1 million from charity golf tournaments into President Donald Trump’s business, a spokesman for the attorney general said on Friday. Forbes magazine reported this week that the charity run by Eric Trump, the president’s second-oldest son, paid the Trump Organization to use its properties for charity events in recent years even though Eric Trump had told donors that the golf course and other assets were being used for free, so that just about all the money donated would help sick children. Forbes reported that based on filings from the Eric Trump Foundation and other charities, more than $1.2 million “has no documented recipients past the Trump Organization.” Eric Soufer, a spokesman for New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman, said in an email that his office was looking into issues raised by the Forbes story. Soufer did not immediately respond to a later request for details about the examination. The Democratic attorney general’s office already is investigating allegations of self-dealing at the Donald J. Trump Foundation, the Republican president’s charity. Trump, a New York real estate developer, said in December that he would dissolve the Donald J. Trump Foundation, but Schneiderman’s office has said it could not be wound down while the investigation was ongoing. Forbes also reported that although donors to the Eric Trump Foundation were told all its money was going to help St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital in Memphis, Tennessee, fight pediatric cancer, more than $500,000 was re-donated to other charities. Many of those charities “were connected to Trump family members or interests, including at least four groups that subsequently paid to hold golf tournaments at Trump courses,” Forbes said. Amanda Miller, who works for the Trump Organization and who identified herself in an emailed response to a Reuters query as a “spokesperson for Eric Trump,” said the Eric Trump Foundation would cooperate fully with Schneiderman’s office. Eric Trump is executive vice president of development and acquisition for the Trump Organization. “During the past decade, the Eric Trump Foundation has raised over $16.3 million for St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital, including more than $3.6 million to St. Jude and other worthwhile causes just in 2016 alone,” Miller said in the email. Eric Trump said in a tweet on Thursday that he had raised the money for St. Jude with an expense ratio of less than 12.3 percent. “Let’s not politicize pediatric cancer,” he said. On his foundation’s website, Eric Trump said he had ceased  direct fundraising efforts at the end of 2016 “in order to avoid the appearance or assertion of any impropriety and/or a conflict of interest.” ",1
3272,Florida governor signs bolstered 'stand your ground' law,"FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. (Reuters) - Florida Governor Rick Scott signed amended “stand your ground” legislation on Friday, making it easier for defendants in the state to successfully claim they were protecting themselves when they commit violence. Previously, the law required defendants to prove that they were using force in self-defense. The new law shifts the burden of proof in pretrial hearings to prosecutors, rather than defendants, to prove whether force was used lawfully. Supporters of stand your ground laws, including the National Rifle Association, the powerful U.S. gun lobby, see the legislation as bolstering civilians’ right to protect themselves.  Florida’s self-defense law was initially passed in 2005, and inspired similar laws in other states. It removes the legal responsibility to retreat from a dangerous situation and allows the use of deadly force when a person feels greatly threatened. Opponents have said the amended law will embolden gun owners to shoot first, citing the 2012 death of unarmed black teenager Trayvon Martin in the Orlando area, which spurred national protests and the Black Lives Matter movement.  The neighborhood watchman who killed him, George Zimmerman, was acquitted of murder after the state’s stand your ground law was included in jury instructions. Scott, a Republican, signed the amended legislation into law along with a spate of other measures passed this week in a special session of the state’s legislature. The measure was largely passed by party-line vote in the legislature. ",1
3273,Some Republican lawmakers urge Trump not to reverse Cuba opening,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A group of Republican lawmakers sent a letter to President Donald Trump on Friday urging him not to reverse former President Barack Obama’s opening to Cuba even as White House aides moved closer to completing a plan that could tighten rules on trade and travel to the island. With the Cuba policy review approaching its final stages, both sides of the issue have stepped up lobbying to sway Trump’s decision on how far to go in rolling back measures that Obama implemented after a 2015 breakthrough with America’s former Cold  War foe. In the letter, seven of Trump’s fellow Republicans expressed “deep concern” that he is considering rescinding Obama’s policies and said that such a move would “incentivize Cuba to once again become dependent on countries like Russia and China.” The warning reflected growing unease on Capitol Hill over returning to a more contentious approach to communist-ruled Cuba, even within a Republican party that has traditionally hewed to a harder line against Havana. Senior officials at the National Security Council were meeting on Friday to craft recommendations that will be sent to the principals committee - Trump’s top foreign policy advisers - and then to the president, people familiar with the matter said. Though divisions remain within the administration, Trump could make an announcement within weeks, possibly as early as mid- to late June in a speech in Miami, U.S. officials have said, speaking on condition of anonymity. Trump’s changes are expected to stop short of breaking diplomatic relations restored two years ago after more than five decades of hostility, administration officials say. Among the options under consideration are banning U.S. companies from doing business with Cuban enterprises tied to the military and tightening rules on Americans traveling there, according to people familiar with the discussions.  A White House official, asked about the latest meeting, said the Cuba review is still under way and “not final.” The U.S. airline and travel industries have made clear they do not want to see reinstatement of Cuba restrictions. But Trump has come under heavy pressure from Cuban-American lawmakers, including Senator Marco Rubio and Representative Mario Diaz-Balart, to roll back Obama’s rapprochement. “My hope is that when the administration is done with their review, they don’t let one or two voices overwhelm what is in the interest of the United States,” Representative Tom Emmer, a signatory to the letter, told Reuters. One of four pro-engagement Republicans who met with White House officials on Thursday, Emmer said they urged the administration not to go too far in rolling back Obama’s measures. Trump threatened shortly after his election in November to “terminate” Obama’s approach unless Cuba made concessions, something it is unlikely to do. Obama implemented his normalization measures through executive actions, and Trump has the power to undo much of it. ",1
3274,Civil rights groups sue Missouri to stop voter ID law,"(Reuters) - Civil rights groups have sued Missouri to prevent its new voter identification law from interfering with a local special election next month, saying the measure could disenfranchise voters.   The lawsuit seeks a court order blocking the law from remaining in effect during the July 11 special election for an alderman in St. Louis.  The lawsuit was filed on Thursday in the Cole County Circuit Court in Jefferson City by the American Civil Liberties Union and the Advancement Project on behalf of the NAACP and the League of Women Voters of Missouri.     Missouri has failed to provide necessary mandated funding for voter education, free voter IDs and birth certificates and training for poll workers since the new voting law came into effect on June 1, the ACLU said in the lawsuit. “Voters were promised that this law was not about disenfranchising the most vulnerable in our state,” said Tony Rothert, legal director of the ACLU of Missouri. “The state’s lack of funding and implementation of this law tells another story.”  Maura Browning, a spokeswoman for Missouri Secretary of State John Ashcroft, who is named in the lawsuit, declined to comment on Friday. Ashcroft is on a tour around the state defending the law and explaining it to residents, the St. Louis Post-Dispatch said. The law had been misrepresented by the media, Ashcroft said, according to the newspaper.  The law, a ballot measure approved by voters in November, mandates stricter measures around showing a photo identification to cast a ballot.  “It is beyond unacceptable that the state of Missouri has launched a photo ID requirement while not even being prepared, trained, or properly funded for it,” Denise Lieberman of the non-profit Advancement Project said in a statement.   “Missouri’s highly restrictive photo ID law was designed to make it harder for people to vote.” Numerous states, mostly Republican-led, have moved to make voting laws more stringent in recent years, saying the measures are necessary to stamp out fraud and voting irregularities at the polls. Opponents, including many Democrats, say the laws are discriminatory, particularly against minorities. ",1
3275,House panel wants Comey recordings,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The leaders of the House of Representatives intelligence committee’s investigation of Russia and the 2016 U.S. election said on Friday they had written to former FBI director James Comey to request any notes or memoranda related to discussions with President Donald Trump. Republican Representative Mike Conaway and Democratic Representative Adam Schiff said they had also written to Don McGahn, the White House counsel, and asked him whether White House recordings or memos of Comey’s conversations with Trump exist. If they do, they asked that copies of the materials be provided to the panel by June 23. ",1
3276,Trump to visit Poland in July: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump will visit Poland ahead of next month’s G20 summit in Germany, the White House said in a statement on Friday. The visit will emphasize the “priority of strengthening NATO’s collective defense,” and Trump will also attend the Three Seas Initiative Summit to “demonstrate our strong ties to Central Europe,” the statement said. Leaders from several central, eastern and southern European countries are to meet in the city of Wroclaw in western Poland for the so-called Three Seas Initiative summit on July 6-7. ",1
3277,Exclusive: Trump targets illegal immigrants who were given reprieves from deportation by Obama,"(Reuters) - In September 2014, Gilberto Velasquez, a 38-year-old house painter from El Salvador, received life-changing news: The U.S. government had decided to shelve its deportation action against him.  The move was part of a policy change initiated by then-President Barack Obama in 2011 to pull back from deporting immigrants who had formed deep ties in the United States and whom the government considered no threat to public safety. Instead, the administration would prioritize illegal immigrants who had committed serious crimes.  Last month, things changed again for the painter, who has lived in the United States illegally since 2005 and has a U.S.-born child. He received news that the government wanted to put his deportation case back on the court calendar, citing another shift in priorities, this time by President Donald Trump.  The Trump administration has moved to reopen the cases of hundreds of illegal immigrants who, like Velasquez, had been given a reprieve from deportation, according to government data and court documents reviewed by Reuters and interviews with immigration lawyers.  Trump signaled in January that he planned to dramatically widen the net of illegal immigrants targeted for deportation, but his administration has not publicized its efforts to reopen immigration cases.  It represents one of the first concrete examples of the crackdown promised by Trump and is likely to stir fears among tens of thousands of illegal immigrants who thought they were safe from deportation.  While cases were reopened during the Obama administration as well, it was generally only if an immigrant had committed a serious crime, immigration attorneys say. The Trump administration has sharply increased the number of cases it is asking the courts to reopen, and its targets appear to include at least some people who have not committed any crimes since their cases were closed.  Between March 1 and May 31, prosecutors moved to reopen 1,329 cases, according to a Reuters' analysis of data from the Executive Office of Immigration Review, or EOIR. The Obama administration filed 430 similar motions during the same period in 2016.   Jennifer Elzea, a spokeswoman for U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, confirmed the agency was now filing motions with immigration courts to reopen cases where illegal immigrants had “since been arrested for or convicted of a crime.”  It is not possible to tell from the EOIR data how many of the cases the Trump administration is seeking to reopen involve immigrants who committed crimes after their cases were closed.  Attorneys interviewed by Reuters say indeed some of the cases being reopened are because immigrants were arrested for serious crimes, but they are also seeing cases involving people who haven’t committed crimes or who were cited for minor violations, like traffic tickets.  “This is a sea change, said attorney David Leopold, former president of the American Immigration Lawyers Association. “Before, if someone did something after the case was closed out that showed that person was a threat, then it would be reopened. Now they are opening cases just because they want to deport people.”  Elzea said the agency reviews cases, “to see if the basis for prosecutorial discretion is still appropriate.”  After Obama announced his shift toward targeting illegal immigrants who had committed serious crimes, prosecutors embraced their new discretion to close cases.  Between January 2012 and Trump’s inauguration on Jan. 20, the government shelved some 81,000 cases, according to Reuters’ data analysis. These so-called “administrative closures” did not extend full legal status to those whose cases were closed, but they did remove the threat of imminent deportation.  Trump signed an executive order overturning the Obama-era policy on Jan. 25. Under the new guidelines, while criminals remain the highest priority for deportation, anyone in the country illegally is a potential target.  In cases reviewed by Reuters, the administration explicitly cited Trump's executive order in 30 separate motions as a reason to put the immigrant back on the court docket. (For a link to an excerpted document: tmsnrt.rs/2sI6aby)  Since immigration cases aren’t generally public, Reuters was able to review only cases made available by attorneys.  In the 32 reopened cases examined by Reuters:  —22 involved immigrants who, according to their attorneys, had not been in trouble with the law since their cases were closed.  —Two of the cases involved serious crimes committed after their cases were closed: domestic violence and driving under the influence.  —At least six of the cases involved minor infractions, including speeding after having unpaid traffic tickets, or driving without a valid license, according to the attorneys.  In Velasquez’s case, for example, he was cited for driving without a license in Tennessee, where illegal immigrants cannot get licenses, he said.  “I respect the law and just dedicate myself to my work,” he said. “I don’t understand why this is happening.”  Motions to reopen closed cases have been filed in 32 states, with the highest numbers in California, Florida and Virginia, according to Reuters’ review of EOIR data. The bulk of the examples reviewed by Reuters were two dozen motions sent over the span of a couple days by the New Orleans ICE office.  Sally Joyner, an immigration attorney in Memphis, Tennessee said one of her Central American clients, who crossed the border with her children in 2013, was allowed to stay in the United States after the government filed a motion to close her case in December 2015.  Since crossing the border, the woman has not been arrested or had trouble with law enforcement, said Joyner, who asked that her client’s name not be used because of the pending legal action.  Nevertheless, on March 29, ICE filed a two-page motion to reopen the case against the woman and her children. When Joyner queried ICE, an official said the agency had been notified that her client had a criminal history in El Salvador, according to documents seen by Reuters.  The woman had been arrested for selling pumpkin seeds as an unauthorized street vendor. Government documents show U.S. authorities knew about the arrest before her case was closed.  Dana Marks, president of the National Association of Immigration Judges, said that revisiting previously closed matters will add to a record backlog of 580,000 pending immigration cases.  “If we have to go back and review all of those decisions that were already made, it clearly generates more work,” she said. “It’s a judicial do-over.”  ",1
3278,"Mnuchin not worried by lower U.S. tax receipts, has funding plan","OTTAWA (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin on Friday said he was not worried by lower-than-expected tax revenues, saying that he has a backup plan for funding government if Congress did not raise the debt ceiling by August. Government tax receipts for early 2017 were 3 percent lower than expected, the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office said in a May 5 report. “Receipts are coming in somewhat lower, and I think that’s in expectation of that we’re going to do tax reform,” Mnuchin told a news conference in Ottawa, the Canadian capital, where he met with Canadian Finance Minister Bill Morneau. “I’ve been consistent in (saying) we hope Congress deals with the debt limit as soon as possible, but in any event, we’re not concerned,” he added. The weaker tax revenues have forced the Treasury to borrow more money than expected to cover the federal budget deficit, which is putting the government on track to hit its legal debt limit sooner than it forecast, experts say. Mnuchin wants lawmakers to raise Washington’s borrowing limit before they break for a long recess in August. Asked what would happen if Congress did not act before then, he replied: “We will be fine if they (Congress) don’t do it beforehand. ... We have plans and back-up plans for funding the government.” Pressed as to what he had in mind, Mnuchin said: “They are Treasury secretary superpowers.” President Donald Trump has made tax reform one of his biggest priorities. He has proposed cutting the corporate income tax to 15 percent, down from the current top corporate rate of 35 percent, though because of loopholes few multinational companies pay that rate. “Nothing is higher on my priority list than getting tax reform done this year. ... It is critical for economic growth,” Mnuchin said. Some Canadian politicians and business leaders are concerned that if Trump cuts corporate taxes, it could make companies north of the border less competitive. “As the U.S. moves forward with their plans, we’ll make sure we understand them well to ensure our tax system stays appropriate,” said Morneau, who gave no further details. Morneau said he and Mnuchin also spoke about lumber and trade. Canada softwood lumber exports have emerged as a trade irritant ahead of talks to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement. Washington in April imposed preliminary anti-subsidy duties averaging 20 percent on imports of Canadian softwood lumber. ",1
3279,Trump social media director violated law with call to oust congressman: agency,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s social media director Dan Scavino broke the law in April in calling for Trump supporters to defeat a Republican congressman at the polls, according to a letter from the U.S. Office of Special Counsel. The office found that Scavino had violated the Hatch Act, which prohibits executive branch employees from engaging in some forms of political activity, and it issued a warning to him, it said in the letter. Politico on Friday was the first to report on the contents of the June 5 letter, which was delivered to an organization that had brought a complaint. In a tweet on April 1, Scavino had urged voters to defeat Republican Representative Justin Amash. Amash is a member of the conservative House Freedom Caucus, which had helped beat back an early version of a healthcare reform bill that was a top priority for the president. “@justinamash is a big liability. #TrumpTrain, defeat him in primary,” Scavino tweeted. “Mr. Scavino has been advised that if in the future he engages in prohibited political activity while employed in a position covered by the Hatch Act, we will consider such activity to be a willful and knowing violation of the law,” Ana Galindo-Marrone, chief of the Office of Special Counsel’s Hatch Act Unit, wrote in the letter. The office is an agency independent from the Justice Department that investigates acts in which government employees commit “prohibited personnel practices.”   ",1
3280,Trump says '100 percent' willing to respond to Comey under oath,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump denied on Friday that he had told then-FBI chief James Comey he hoped Comey could let go an  investigation into a former national security adviser, adding he was willing to give his version of events under oath. “I didn’t say that,” Trump told reporters when asked about Comey’s account relating to the investigation into former national security adviser Michael Flynn. Comey, fired by Trump last month as FBI head, gave the account in sworn testimony to a Senate panel on Thursday. Asked if he would be willing to give his version of events under oath, Trump replied: “100 percent.” ",1
3281,'Nonsense': Powerful Republican denounces White House information shut-out,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - An already contentious move by Republican President Donald Trump to block opposition Democratic lawmakers from getting information about his administration received its most scathing criticism yet on Friday - from one of the most powerful Republican members of the U.S. Senate. Judiciary Committee chairman Chuck Grassley of Iowa, in a more than 2,100-word letter to the White House, asked Trump to rescind unprecedented guidance that told executive agencies they do not have to honor requests for information from lawmakers in the minority party, currently the Democrats. This week in hearings all over Capitol Hill members of both parties have criticized the information block. Democrats have posited that the Trump administration is trying to hide mistakes, problems or wrongdoing from them. Grassley, who has served in the Senate since 1981, called the guidance “nonsense” and described it as “a bureaucratic effort by the Office of Legal Counsel to insulate the executive branch from scrutiny by the elected representatives of the American people.”  The Judiciary Committee has jurisdiction over the Justice Department and its Office of Legal Counsel, which published the guidance last month. Grassley said it goes against the U.S. Constitution by misrepresenting how Congress functions and trying to tell the legislative branch how to do its job. It also impedes Democratic lawmakers’ ability to check up on the president, a responsibility also laid out in the constitution, Grassley wrote in a letter replete with footnotes and case citations. “I know from experience that a partisan response to oversight only discourages bipartisanship, decreases transparency, and diminishes the crucial role of the American people’s elected representatives,” he wrote. “Oversight brings transparency, and transparency brings accountability.”  The Justice Department declined to comment on Grassley’s letter or the guidance. The White House did not return a request for comment. The Office of Legal Counsel has not explained the impetus for publishing the opinion. The guidance did not single out Democrats by name. Instead, it addressed information requests to executive agencies from the highest-ranking lawmaker from the minority party sitting on congressional committees, called ranking members. The Republicans hold the majority in both the Senate and U.S. House of Representatives and therefore chair all the committees, with Democrats as ranking members.  The opinion said that agencies only have to respond to  information requests from committee chairs. Ranking member requests “do not trigger any obligation to accommodate congressional needs and are not legally enforceable through a subpoena or contempt proceedings,” it said. ",1
3282,House Freedom Caucus chief calls for U.S. tax reform plan by end-July,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Members of the House Freedom Caucus called on congressional leaders Friday to introduce a formal tax reform proposal by the end of July, and suggested they could support a 2018 budget deal in exchange for adding welfare reform to any tax overhaul. The conservative bloc, which has enough members to stymie legislation in the Republican-controlled House of Representatives, will play a key role in efforts to agree on a 2018 fiscal plan that could determine whether President Donald Trump and Congress can deliver the biggest tax reform since the Reagan era. The caucus has already called on Republican leaders to secure a tax reform deal by keeping Congress in session through August, when lawmakers are due to take a lengthy summer break.   “We need to get tax reform done sooner than later, and by that we should have a real proposal that we start debating before we leave at the end of July,” Representative Chairman Mark Meadows, chairman of the Freedom Caucus, told a Heritage Foundation forum. Meadows recommended that Republican leaders acknowledge that there is no consensus on the controversial border adjustment tax proposal favored by House Speaker Paul Ryan to move the tax debate forward.  A border adjustment tax on imports has been promoted as a way both to attack the U.S. trade deficit and generate revenues that would help avoid paying for tax cuts by expanding the national deficit. Trump, however, did not include a border adjustment tax in his proposed budget. Representative Jim Jordan, Freedom Caucus co-founder, said tax reform could have trouble moving forward because House Republicans are having trouble agreeing on a budget with reconciliation instructions needed to allow Republicans to bypass Democrats in passing a tax overhaul. “If you don’t get a budget agreement, you can’t get reconciliation. If you don’t have reconciliation, you can’t get tax reform,” Jordan told the forum. He suggested that Freedom Caucus members could agree to higher budget spending levels if reconciliation instructions included welfare reforms intended to save $400 billion in spending over a decade.  “We think that is the key to unlocking this road block that we’re in. I don’t see any other way out of it to get a budget agreement,” Jordan said. Meanwhile, Meadows voiced support for allowing U.S. corporations to repatriate an estimated $2.6 trillion in cash held overseas at a reduced 8 percent tax rate. Meadows said the caucus does not plan to support a proposal that would allow full expensing for corporations, a policy backed by House Republican leaders. The policy, which would allow companies to write off capital investments immediately, would be too expensive without the border adjustment tax and revenue-raising proposals that caucus members oppose. ",1
3283,Trump says Comey testimony showed 'no obstruction',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Friday said testimony by former FBI chief James Comey showed that he had not attempted to obstruct justice in conversations the two officials held. “Yesterday showed no collusion, no obstruction,” Trump told reporters at a joint news conference with Romanian President Klaus Iohannis in the White House rose garden. “He’s a leaker but we want to get back to running our great country,” Trump said of Comey. ",1
3284,Delaware is first U.S. state to enact abortion rights law under Trump,"(Reuters) - Delaware’s governor has signed into law a bill ensuring abortion remains legal in the state, the first such move in the United States since President Donald Trump was elected on a pledge to overturn a landmark ruling that legalized abortion nationally. A spokesman for Democratic Governor John Carney Jr. said on Friday he supported the rights and protections afforded under Roe v. Wade, a 1973 Supreme Court decision protecting a woman’s right to abortion. “For that reason, he signed the bill into law,” said the spokesman, Jonathan Starkey, noting that the law takes effect immediately. Trump, a Republican whose election was backed by anti-abortion groups, has promised to appoint justices to the nation’s top court who would overturn Roe v. Wade and let states decide whether to legalize abortion.  States have responded by seeking to write Roe V. Wade into their own laws, with Delaware the first to do so successfully.  Abortion rights advocates on Friday cheered the Delaware law, which  codifies at the state level provisions of Roe v. Wade. “We applaud Governor Carney for sending a strong message that state policymakers will protect women’s access to critical reproductive health services in the face of threats at the federal level,” said Amanda Allen, senior state legislative counsel at the Center for Reproductive Rights. Elizabeth Nash, an analyst at the Guttmacher Institute, which tracks abortion policy, said the law makes a statement that women are valued citizens in Delaware.  “It says to women that you are important, you have the ability to decide when to have a child and the state supports you in making the decision that is best for you and your family,” Nash said.  Abortion opponents had lobbied against the legislation. “This abortion law is a tragedy for Delaware,” Delaware Right to Life spokeswoman Moira Sheridan said in an email message. “(Carney) ignored the voices of Delawareans who rallied in opposition to this legislation, which now makes us the First State for Unrestricted Abortion.”    Carney’s signature of the law on Thursday came just days after the state House voted 22 to 16 on Tuesday to pass the bill, which was approved by the state Senate 11-7 on May 9. Both chambers are controlled by Democrats. A bill to support abortion rights was approved by the Illinois legislature in May but the state’s Republican governor, Bruce Rauner, has vowed to veto it.  In January, New York’s Assembly adopted legislation similar to Delaware’s, but it has stalled in the Senate. ",1
3285,Coalition of 13 states to challenge Trump on vehicle emission standards,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - New York State’s attorney general and 12 other top state law enforcement officials said on Friday they would mount a vigorous court challenge to any effort to roll back vehicle emission rules by the Trump administration.  In March, President Donald Trump ordered a review of U.S. vehicle fuel-efficiency standards from 2022-2025 put in place by the Obama administration, saying they were too tough on the auto industry. The push to weaken the rules by the Trump administration comes as automakers are worried that consumers shift to larger vehicles and low gas prices will make it expensive or impossible to meet the regulations. They also fear a prolonged fight with states over the rules could make revising their product plans difficult. Democratic state officials have been increasingly aggressive in challenging Trump administration regulatory rollback efforts. “In light of the critical public health and environmental benefits the standards will deliver, if EPA acts to weaken or delay the current standards for model years 2022-25, like California, we intend to vigorously pursue appropriate legal remedies to block such action,” the state attorneys wrote in a letter to the Environmental Protection Agency including Pennsylvania, Connecticut, Massachusetts, Iowa, Washington State, Oregon and Rhode Island. An EPA spokesman said Friday the agency is reviewing the letter. Automakers including General Motors Co, Ford Motor Co and Toyota Motor Corp say the Obama administration did not conduct a proper review to ensure those rules are feasible. Automakers have met with Trump administration officials in recent months and hope to reach a deal with California and other states on vehicle fuel efficiency standards. Gloria Bergquist, a spokeswoman for the Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers, a trade group, said automakers “urge everyone to avoid pre-judging the results” of the ongoing review. “A process is now under way again for a thoughtful and coordinated analysis,” California has opposed weakening the rules, threatened to pursue tougher standards unilaterally and could mount a legal challenge.     The White House plans to hold negotiations with car companies, California and potentially other states. A deal would remove uncertainty for automakers, who need years of lead time to engineer future models and want uniform rules across all 50 states. The Obama administration’s rules, negotiated with automakers in 2011, were aimed at doubling average fleet-wide fuel efficiency to 54.5 miles per gallon by 2025. Under the 2011 deal, the 2022-2025 model year rules had to be finalized by April 2018. The Obama administration completed a review of the 2022-2025 rules days before leaving office. Without a deal, automakers could be forced to meet one set of standards in California and a dozen states that have adopted its rules and other rules in the rest of the country. In 2011, Obama said the rules would save motorists $1.7 trillion in fuel costs over the life of the vehicles, but cost the auto industry about $200 billion over 13 years. ",1
3286,Pelosi says Trump abused power in interactions with ex-FBI chief,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Democratic leader in the U.S. House of Representatives said on Friday there was no question President Donald Trump abused his power in interactions with former FBI Director James Comey but she said it remained to be see if he had obstructed justice. Speaking to reporters a day after Comey testified to the Senate intelligence panel, House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi said it was “beyond the pale” that Trump had asked Comey, then head of the independent law enforcement agency, for his loyalty. “There’s no question he abused power,” Pelosi said. “Whether he obstructed justice, remains for the facts to come forward, and that’s what we want are the facts.” ",1
3287,"White House, Congress Republicans nearing key tax overhaul decisions","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Trump administration and top Republicans in U.S. Congress are within a few weeks of agreeing on central aspects of a tax overhaul plan that will determine the contours of legislation now expected in September, an administration official told Reuters this week. Under pressure from business groups and rank-and-file Republicans, Trump officials and congressional leaders still need to decide how much to slash tax rates and if the package should increase the federal budget deficit, administration and congressional sources said. The future of a border adjustment tax, or BAT, proposal from House of Representatives Republicans, meant to boost exports and discourage imports, could also be decided within the next two to three weeks, the administration official said. President Donald Trump has pledged to make a tax overhaul a priority. But after 20 weeks in power and numerous distractions, he has yet to offer a tax bill to Congress. Expectations for legislation have slipped repeatedly, from spring to summer and now after the U.S. Labor Day holiday.   Still, stocks are up since Trump’s November election win and companies and wealthy Americans are positioning themselves to realize more income in 2018, betting lower taxes are coming. The head of the House Freedom Caucus, a bloc of three-dozen conservatives capable of stalling legislation, on Friday called on Republicans to acknowledge a lack of consensus on the BAT and produce a tax proposal by the end of July. Trump and fellow Republicans pledged in the election campaign last year to tackle in 2017 the biggest tax overhaul since the Reagan era. But that agenda has been slowed by infighting over dismantling Obamacare and probes of possible ties between Trump’s campaign and alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 election. The Business Roundtable, a powerful lobbying group that represents chief executives, wrote to Trump and congressional leaders this week calling for a “shift from listening to action” on tax reform. The administration official, who asked not to be named, said there is broad agreement among participants in the talks on the need to cut taxes, simplify the code, eliminate tax breaks, end taxation of U.S. corporate overseas profits and repatriate an estimated $2.6 trillion in corporate profits held overseas.  But key details remain open to question. More meetings are expected among U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, White House economic adviser Gary Cohn, Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell, House Speaker Paul Ryan, House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady and Senate Finance Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch and their staff, the official said. After their third meeting on Tuesday, officials had not decided whether to adopt full expensing for corporations, the administration official said. The policy would allow companies to write off the cost of capital investments such as equipment immediately and plow the money back into their businesses.  The official said the aim of the talks is to agree on a framework by mid-year and release legislation soon after lawmakers’ long August recess. A key decision awaits the House Republicans’ export-boosting BAT, intended to help pay for reforms while dissuading companies from moving assets, profits and jobs abroad. The BAT, which would tax imports but exempt export revenues from taxation, has run afoul of many Republicans and drawn criticism from the administration. Officials in Congress and the administration are examining options to the BAT that could reduce erosion of the federal tax base, including rules and a minimum corporate tax. Decisions on BAT, revenue neutrality and expensing will help decide if Congress can cut the corporate income tax to 15 percent, as Trump seeks, or 20-25 percent as envisioned by the House Republicans’ tax plan. ",1
3288,Trump spoke by phone to Egypt's Sisi to discuss Qatar: official,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump spoke by phone on Friday with Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi to discuss Qatar and the need for Gulf unity, a senior administration official said. It was the fourth call Trump has had with a regional leader since Gulf allies severed diplomatic ties with Qatar on Monday over long-standing allegations that Doha is courting Iran. During his phone calls, Trump has emphasized a desire for Gulf unity in the wake of the crisis but has made clear he sees a need for Qatar to improve its behavior, said the senior official, who spoke on condition of anonymity. Trump got to know many Gulf leaders during his trip to Saudi Arabia last month during which he attended a summit of Gulf Cooperation Council nations. The United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia, Egypt and Bahrain broke off ties with Qatar over its ties to Iran, which they deem the region’s biggest external threat, and supporting Islamist groups, seen as the biggest internal danger. Trump antagonized Iran this week in a statement offering prayers for the victims of attacks claimed by Islamic State militants that killed at least 12 people in Tehran. He said that “states that sponsor terrorism risk falling victim to the evil they promote.” ",1
3289,Wilbur Ross seen imposing Mexico sugar deal over industry objections,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross is likely to impose a new sugar trade deal with Mexico even if final revisions to it fail to win support from the U.S. industry, trade lawyers and experts say. After announcing a deal this week that would dramatically cut the amount of refined sugar that Mexico ships to the United States, officials from the two countries are working with their industries on final language that would govern its operation. At issue is a new right of first refusal granted to Mexico to supply all U.S. sugar needs not met by domestic suppliers or other foreign quota holders. A coalition of American sugar cane and beet farmers and a major refiner want a more explicit guarantee that the U.S. Department of Agriculture, not Mexican producers, will dictate what type of sugar fills that gap. They are worried that a flood of refined sugar will pour in, rather than the raw sugar needed to keep U.S. mills running. The final sticking point stands in the way of resolving a years-long dispute over Mexican access to the highly regulated U.S. sugar market, which is protected by a complex web of subsidies and rationed quotas for foreign producers.  The sugar industry is known for its sway in Washington. But its point of view on Mexican imports is not shared by sugar users such as confectioners and soda makers.  The Trump administration wants to clear away the sugar dispute and a lumber trade row with Canada before starting full-scale negotiations to revise the North American Free Trade Agreement. An industry rarely objects to a government-negotiated  settlement of its anti-dumping case, and U.S. sugar producers could do little to stop the Commerce Department from implementing a final deal after a two-week comment period, said Seattle-based trade lawyer William Perry, who previously worked at Commerce and the U.S. International Trade Commission. While the industry could ask the International Trade Commission to overturn the settlement that suspends anti-dumping and anti-subsidy duty orders issued in 2014, chances for success look slim. The panel in 2015 rejected a challenge by two sugar refiners to the previous U.S.-Mexico pact. “Petitioners are never entirely happy with suspension agreements like this,” Perry said. “They would rather have anti-dumping and countervailing duty orders with rates high enough to shut out imports.” A Commerce spokesman said that Ross hoped the U.S. sugar industry would ultimately endorse the final agreement. Gary Hufbauer, a trade expert at the Peterson Institute for International Economics, said the administration was probably willing to compromise on some industry-specific concerns to help reach its larger NAFTA goals of reducing U.S. trade deficits. The U.S. sugar industry must probably present evidence of new Mexican dumping before going back to Commerce for more changes to the deal, said Daniel Pearson, a senior fellow of the libertarian Cato Institute and former International Trade Commission chairman. “They would do well to take this agreement and run with it and see how it works,” Pearson said, noting that it raises prices and keeps U.S. refiners well-supplied with raw sugar. Mexico made major concessions to maintain its access to the lucrative U.S. market, agreeing to ship no less than 70 percent of its quota volume as raw sugar to U.S. refineries. It gave ground on nearly all of the U.S. producers’ demands.  American Sugar Alliance spokesman Phillip Hayes said the final hurdle should be easy to address by making clear that the USDA, not Mexico, can dictate the type and purity level of any additional imports. But Juan Cortina, head of Mexico’s main sugar trade group,  said there was no problem with the language because any additional needs would filled with raw sugar, as Mexican producers would have to keep higher inventories of that grade. ",1
3290,U.S. aims to trim its U.N. peacekeeping bill after Trump's calls to slash,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The United States wants to cut $1 billion from the total United Nations peacekeeping budget for the year from July 1 to shave over 10 percent off Washington’s share of the bill following calls by President Donald Trump for U.S. funding to be slashed. The proposal by the largest U.N. contributor is an opening bid in negotiations by the 193-member General Assembly budget committee, which has to agree funding for 13 peacekeeping missions and a logistics support office by the end of June. Reuters reviewed a document compiling the peacekeeping budget proposals by states and regional groups. The U.S. proposal of an annual budget of $6.99 billion was the lowest made - nearly $1 billion less than U.N. chief Antonio Guterres’ proposal and almost $570 million less than the recommendation by the world body’s budget advisory experts. Under the U.S. proposal, Washington would have to pay $1.99 billion compared with $2.25 billion for the current year. While Trump has described U.S. funding for the United Nations as “peanuts” compared to its “important work,” he complains its share of the peacekeeping bill, currently 28.5 percent, is “unfair.” In his 2018 budget proposal he requested Congress approve only $1.2 billion for U.N. peacekeeping.  This is $1 billion less than the U.S. peacekeeping bill for the 12 months to June 30, 2017, when the total peacekeeping budget was $7.9 billion. Washington currently owes $417 million for peacekeeping, U.N. officials said. Ultimately the U.S. Congress sets the federal government budget and will decide how much money is made available for U.N. peacekeeping. Republicans, who control both houses, and Democrats have said they do not support drastic cuts proposed by Trump. Under the U.S. proposal to the U.N. budget committee, the largest cuts would be made to some of the most expensive operations in Democratic Republic of Congo, Mali and Sudan’s Darfur, according to the document seen by Reuters. The 193 U.N. member states are working to negotiate a compromise by the end of the month between the U.S. proposal, at the low end of the scale, and the highest suggestion of $7.72 billion by the African Group, according to the document. Trump also wants to enforce a 25 percent cap on the U.S. contribution to U.N. peacekeeping. The U.N. General Assembly is due to negotiate next year new levels of contributions by countries for 2019, 2020 and 2021. The United States also pays 22 percent of the $5.4 billion U.N. core budget. Guterres has pledged to make U.N. peacekeeping more efficient but has noted that the current budget to fund it is less than one half of 1 percent of global military spending. ",1
3291,Trump announces push to speed up 'desperately-needed infrastructure',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump on Friday pledged new efforts to speed approvals for highways and other projects as part of his proposal for a $1 trillion boost to fix aging U.S. infrastructure. At the U.S. Transportation Department, Trump said his goal was to solve “one of the biggest obstacles to creating this new and desperately-needed infrastructure – and that is the painfully slow, costly and time-consuming process for getting permits and approvals to build.” Trump said the White House is moving ahead with “massive permit reform” and setting up a new council to help project managers navigate bureaucratic hurdles. “This Council will also improve transparency by creating a new online dashboard allowing everyone to easily track major projects through every stage of the approval process,” Trump said. He said the council will make sure that any federal agency that “consistently delays projects by missing deadlines will face tough, new penalties. We will hold the bureaucracy accountable.” The White House is also creating a new office in the Council of Environmental Quality “to root out inefficiency, clarify lines of authority, and streamline federal, state and local procedures so that communities can modernize their aging infrastructure without fear of outdated federal rules getting in the way.” Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao said the department is asking for public input on other changes it can make to speed approvals. Trump said it took “four years to build the Golden Gate Bridge and five years to build the Hoover Dam – but today it can take 10 years just to get the approvals and permits needed to build a major infrastructure project.” The Republican president, who was a New York-based real state developer before taking office, has repeatedly decried the process of winning approval for highway permitting. “It includes 16 different approvals involving 10 different federal agencies being governed by 26 different statutes,” Trump said. He spoke in front of two huge charts detailing the hurdles to build highways and held up a massive report that he said was needed before a Maryland highway was built. “How can a country prosper under such restraints?” Trump asked. “Why should we continue to accept what is so clearly unacceptable? I was not elected to continue a failed system – I was elected to change it.” The administration proposes $200 billion in government funding over 10 years as part of a goal of getting $1 trillion in public and private infrastructure spending. Senate Democratic Leader Charles Schumer has said the budget cuts $206 billion in infrastructure spending across several Cabinet departments, however, including $96 billion in planned highway trust fund spending. ",1
3292,Pelosi says she hopes U.S. debt ceiling will be raised without debate,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The top Democrat in the U.S. House of Representatives said on Friday that she hopes Congress will pass legislation raising the U.S. debt ceiling by the end of July without making the issue a major topic of debate or linking its passage to other measures. House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi told a briefing she didn’t believe the U.S. debt ceiling should be held hostage to political considerations, noting that debate over raising it in the past had caused a downgrade in the U.S. credit rating. “Let’s save our debate for another subject,” Pelosi told reporters. ",1
3293,"Trump legal team to file complaint over Comey memos, source says","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump’s personal lawyer plans to file a complaint early next week about former FBI Director James Comey’s disclosure of conversations with the president, a person close to the legal team said on Friday. Lawyer Marc Kasowitz will file the complaint with the Justice Department’s inspector general and will also make a “submission” to the Senate Judiciary and Senate Intelligence committees about Comey’s testimony, said the source, who declined to be identified because the matter was not public. Comey, in U.S. Senate intelligence committee testimony on Thursday, accused Trump of firing him to try to undermine the Federal Bureau of Investigation’s probe into Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential campaign. Comey said Trump pressured him to drop an investigation of  former national security adviser Michael Flynn and told Comey that he needed his loyalty, even though FBI directors are supposed to work independently from the White House. Kasowitz disputed those points and attacked Comey for leaking “privileged communications” to the media. Legal experts have questioned Kasowitz’s contention that Trump’s private encounters with Comey should be considered privileged communications. ",1
3294,Lordy! Ex-FBI chief sets Twitter abuzz but @realDonaldTrump is silent,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Former FBI Director James Comey’s long-anticipated congressional testimony set off a social media storm on Thursday with millions of people jumping into the fray but there was one notable absence - the tweeter in chief himself. President Donald Trump’s ordinarily red-hot Twitter handle, @realDonaldTrump, was dormant during the three-hour hearing of the Senate Intelligence Committee, although another Trump helped carry the mantle. Donald Trump Jr., the president’s eldest son, live tweeted throughout Comey’s testimony, taking the ex-FBI director to task for his version of what the president told him. Twitter had a field day with other moments of Comey’s testimony, including his revelation that he broke a date with his wife in order to have dinner with Trump and his use of the exclamation “Lordy.” Comey’s disclosure that the person who leaked his memos of meeting with Trump was a Columbia Law School professor led to a stampede on the school’s website, causing it to crash. Here are some highlights of what excited Twitter during the testimony. Trump Jr. took issue with Comey’s comments about whether the president was ordering him to drop the investigation of former national security adviser Michael Flynn. “Knowing my father for 39 years when he ‘orders or tells’ you to do something there is no ambiguity, you will know exactly what he means,” he tweeted.  (here) “Hoping and telling are two very different things, you would think that a guy like Comey would know that,” he concluded, adding the hashtag “#givemeabreak”. (here) With his father’s Twitter handle silent, @DonaldJTrumpJr became the 10th most mentioned Twitter handle in the Comey conversation, according to social media analysis firm Brandwatch. One remark in particular from Comey got the Twittersphere buzzing. “Lordy, I hope there are tapes,” he told the committee regarding whether Trump had recorded their conversation. “Lordy” quickly became the focus of numerous memes, animated graphics and calls for T-shirts. Even the Merriam-Webster dictionary got into the act, tweeting out the definition of “Lordy” as a word used to “express surprise or strength of feeling.”  (here) Twitter said Comey’s “Lordy” remark was among the top three most tweeted moments during the testimony. Social media also poked fun when Comey revealed a presidential intrusion into his domestic life. “I had to call my wife and break a date with her,” Comey said. “I was supposed to take her out to dinner that night.”  “Moral of the #Comey testimony: Don’t cancel a date with your wife,” said CBS-Chicago reporter Jeremy Ross on Twitter. (here) Columbia Law School’s website became overburdened after Comey said he had asked a good friend who is a professor there to leak memos from his meeting with Trump to the media. Daniel Richman later confirmed to Reuters he was the one to whom Comey referred in his testimony. Shortly after the mention by Comey, the school tweeted: “Columbia Law’s site is down at the moment. We are working on a solution. Stay tuned.” (here) ",1
3295,Russia may seize U.S. property if its own compounds not returned: Kommersant,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia may seize U.S. diplomatic property in Moscow and complicate life for an Anglo-American school unless Washington hands back two diplomatic compounds in the United States before July, the daily Kommersant newspaper reported on Friday.  In December, then U.S. president Barack Obama ordered the expulsion of 35 Russians over what he said was their involvement in hacking last year’s U.S. presidential election, allegations Moscow flatly denies.  The U.S. authorities seized two Russian diplomatic compounds, one in Maryland and another on Long Island, at the same time. Moscow did not retaliate, saying it would wait to see if relations improved under the incoming U.S. president, Donald Trump.  Kommersant, citing unnamed diplomatic sources, said on Friday that Moscow wanted the compounds back before a possible meeting at the G20 in Germany in July between Russian President Vladimir Putin and Trump.  If that did not happen, the newspaper cited the sources as saying Russia could retaliate by seizing a U.S. diplomatic dacha, or country house, in Serebryany Bor in north-west Moscow and a U.S. diplomatic warehouse in Moscow. It said that Russian authorities could also complicate life for Moscow’s Anglo-American school by altering its legal status. Maria Zakharova, a spokeswoman for the Russian Foreign Ministry, said on Thursday that Moscow was still waiting for the return of its U.S. compounds and could retaliate in kind if that did not happen. ",1
3296,Montana congressman-elect to be sentenced for altercation with reporter,"(Reuters) - Montana Republican congressman-elect Greg Gianforte is expected next week to enter a plea of no contest or a plea of guilty to misdemeanor assault after he was accused of attacking a reporter on the eve of his election, a prosecutor said on Thursday. Gianforte will appear in court in Bozeman on Monday and is scheduled to be sentenced the same day, after he enters his plea, Gallatin County Attorney Marty Lambert said by phone. The altercation has been portrayed as an illustration of the new toxicity of American politics. Critics of President Donald Trump say his strident criticism of the media has encouraged violence against journalists, while his supporters say many reporters are overly aggressive and disrespectful.   Under Montana law, a conviction for misdemeanor assault carries a maximum sentence of six months in jail. Lambert declined to say if his office would recommend jail time. An attorney for Gianforte declined comment. Gianforte, a technology executive, pledged in a letter on Wednesday to donate $50,000 to the Committee to Protect Journalists and apologized to reporter Ben Jacobs, who accused Gianforte of assaulting him on May 24. Gianforte won Montana’s lone seat in the U.S. House of Representatives in a special election the next day. Jacobs, a political correspondent for the U.S. edition of The Guardian newspaper, said Gianforte “body-slammed” him, breaking his eyeglasses, when the reporter posed a question about healthcare during a campaign event in Bozeman.  Gianforte was heard shouting: “Get the hell out of here” and “I’m sick and tired of you guys” in an audio recording of the incident played repeatedly on cable news television. Gianforte’s campaign initially suggested Jacobs instigated the incident by barging into the candidate’s office and shoving a recording device in his face as he was preparing for a TV interview. But in a letter of apology to Jacobs issued on Wednesday, Gianforte said his “physical response to your legitimate question was unprofessional, unacceptable and unlawful.” In return for Gianforte’s apology and his charitable donation, Jacobs agreed not to bring civil action against the congressman-elect. Jacobs, at Gianforte’s request, also sent an email to Lambert, saying he would not object to Gianforte pleading no contest to misdemeanor assault, according to a release of liability document signed by Jacobs. Lambert said his office could still insist that Gianforte plead guilty instead of pleading no contest. In either event, the plea would trigger Gianforte’s sentencing. Lambert previously said additional, more serious criminal charges could be brought in the case. But he said on Thursday that after reviewing the evidence and discussing the matter with Jacobs, the prosecutor decided the misdemeanor charge was appropriate. Gianforte defeated Democrat Rob Quist to fill the House seat vacated when Trump appointed Ryan Zinke as interior secretary. He is expected to be sworn in later this month.  ",1
3297,Comey says Trump fired him to undermine FBI Russia investigation,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Former FBI Director James Comey accused President Donald Trump on Thursday of firing him to try to undermine the agency’s investigation of possible collusion by Trump’s campaign with Russia’s alleged efforts to influence the 2016 presidential election. In the most eagerly anticipated U.S. congressional hearing in years, Comey told lawmakers the Trump administration had lied and defamed him and the Federal Bureau of Investigation after the president dismissed him on May 9.  During more than two hours of testimony, Comey told the Senate Intelligence Committee he believed Trump had directed him in February to drop an FBI probe into the Republican president’s former national security adviser, Michael Flynn, as part of the broader Russia investigation. Comey would not say whether he thought the president sought to obstruct justice, but added it would be up to special counsel Robert Mueller, who is now investigating the Russia allegations, “to sort that out.” “I don’t think it’s for me to say whether the conversation I had with the president was an effort to obstruct. I took it as a very disturbing thing, very concerning,” Comey testified. Sitting alone at a small table facing a bank of senators who fired question after question, Comey gave short, deliberative answers. He painted a picture of an overbearing president he did not trust and who pressured him to stop the FBI probe of Flynn. Trump critics say any efforts by the president to hinder an FBI probe could amount to obstruction of justice. Such an offense potentially could lead to Trump being impeached, although his fellow Republicans who control Congress have shown little appetite for such a move. In a speech to supporters across town, Trump vowed to fight on. “We’re under siege ... but we will come out bigger and better and stronger than ever,” he said. Comey did not make any major disclosures about any links between Trump or his associates and Russia, an issue that has dogged the president’s first months in office and distracted from his policy goals such as overhauling the U.S. healthcare system and making tax cuts. Russia has denied such interference. The White House has denied any collusion with Moscow. Nevertheless, the Russia matter likely will continue to overshadow Trump’s presidency, especially as the FBI probe has ensnared not only Flynn but Trump’s son-in-law and adviser, Jared Kushner. Attorney General Jeff Sessions has had to recuse himself from the investigation. Comey’s testimony drew renewed attention to Sessions and his relationship with Russia’s ambassador to the United States, Sergei Kislyak.  After Trump fired Comey, the administration gave differing reasons for his dismissal. Trump later contradicted his own staff and acknowledged on May 11 he fired Comey because of the Russia matter. Asked why he thought Trump fired him, Comey said he did not know for sure. He added: “Again, I take the president’s words. I know I was fired because of something about the way I was conducting the Russia investigation was in some way putting pressure on him, in some way irritating him, and he decided to fire me because of that.” Comey said repeatedly there were details he could not discuss in a public session, making clear he had sensitive information he could disclose only in a closed session with the senators. Comey said Trump’s administration had defamed him in comments made after his firing by saying the FBI was in disarray and that the workforce had lost confidence in its leader. “Those were lies, plain and simple,” Comey said. His accusations could further mire Trump’s administration in legal difficulties. Mueller and several congressional committees are investigating what U.S. intelligence agencies have concluded was an effort by Russia to help Trump win the election. “The Russian investigation is going to go on and it’s not going to stop and the president should have known that,” committee member Democratic Senator Dianne Feinstein told MSNBC. Trump’s personal lawyer, Marc Kasowitz, said Comey’s testimony proved the president was not under any investigation and there was no evidence a single vote was changed as a result of Russian interference in last year’s election. Kasowitz denied Trump ever told Comey he needed and expected his loyalty, as Comey said. NBC News reported on Thursday that Kushner was expected to meet with staff members of the Senate Intelligence Committee in mid-June.   Comey said he felt he needed to get his account of his conversations with Trump in the public sphere in the hope it might prompt the appointment of a special counsel, which later occurred. Comey said he gave copies of his memo memorializing his talks with Trump to people outside the Justice Department and asked a friend to share its contents with a journalist. Columbia Law School professor Daniel Richman confirmed to Reuters he was the friend to whom Comey was referring. Kasowitz said that “we will leave it to the appropriate authorities” to determine whether Comey’s leak “should be investigated.” Legal experts questioned Kasowitz’s contention that Trump’s private encounters with Comey should be considered privileged communications.     Comey said he did not know if there were tapes of his conversations with Trump, but that if so, they should be released. “Lordy, I hope there are tapes,” Comey said. Republicans on the committee questioned Comey intently but did not attack his integrity or try to treat him roughly, as a witness making accusations against a sitting Republican president might expect. Comey testified he kept notes after meeting with Trump because “I was honestly concerned that he might lie about the nature of our meeting, and so I thought it really important to document.” From Capitol Hill to San Francisco’s Castro district, Comey’s appearance attracted television “watch parties” beckoning politics buffs to taverns, restaurants and living rooms to view an event some likened to the “Super Bowl of Washington.” U.S. stocks closed slightly higher as the market reacted little to Comey’s testimony, viewing his testimony alone as unlikely to mark the end of Trump’s presidency.  Comey said Trump did not attempt to get him to drop the overall Russia investigation, just the part of if that related to Flynn, whom the president fired in February for misleading Vice President Mike Pence about the extent of his conversations last year with Kislyak. Republican Senator Marco Rubio asked Comey whether he perceived the president’s request to let the Flynn matter go as an order given Trump’s position as president, the setting and the circumstances surrounding the conversation.     “Yes,” Comey replied.     Laura Donohue, a Georgetown University Law Center professor, said if Trump fired Comey to change the course of the Russia investigation, that would constitute obstruction of justice. Both the conversation between Trump and Comey about Flynn and the firing itself were obstructive acts, she said. “He wanted to scuttle the investigation - it is hard to see it any other way,” she said.  Regarding Sessions, Comey said he did not discuss Trump’s pressure to drop the probe into Flynn with the attorney general because the FBI leadership team believed Sessions would later recuse himself from the Russia probe. “We were also aware of facts that I can’t discuss in an open setting that would make his continued engagement in a Russia-related investigation problematic,” Comey said, without giving more details. The Justice Department later issued a statement saying that Sessions recused himself from the Russia probe only because he had been part of Trump’s campaign. Republican Senator Lindsey Graham said he did not believe Trump had committed a crime even if his personal style was often brash, adding: “I’ll just say it, if being crude, rude and a bull in a china shop was a crime, Trump would get the death penalty.” ",1
3298,Trump lawyer criticizes Comey's leak to news media,"(Reuters) - Former FBI Director James Comey said on Thursday that he gave a memo describing his conversations with U.S. President Donald Trump to a “close friend” and told him to share its contents with a reporter, a revelation that sparked sharp criticism from Trump’s lawyer. In testimony to the Senate Intelligence Committee, Comey said he wanted to get his account of his conversations with Trump into the public sphere in the hope it would prompt the appointment of a special counsel, as later occurred, to oversee the investigation into Russia’s alleged meddling in the 2016 presidential election. The conversations included one in which Comey said he believed Trump had pressured him in February to drop a probe into former national security adviser Michael Flynn as part of the broader Russia investigation. Comey said he had asked “a close friend” who was a Columbia Law School professor to get his story out after Trump fired him as director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation on May 9. Daniel Richman, a professor of criminal law at Columbia, confirmed to Reuters he was the person referred to in Comey’s testimony. Richman, who is listed as an adviser to Comey in his official biography on the school’s website, did not respond to further requests for comments. During his time in office, Trump has raged against the press and its use of anonymous sources.  Following Comey’s testimony, Trump’s personal lawyer, Marc Kasowitz sharply criticized Comey for leaking what he called “privileged communications” between the president and the then-FBI director. He tried to link Comey with others in the government who he said had selectively and illegally leaked classified information to undermine the administration and suggested that Comey might have broken the law. It would be up to the appropriate authorities to determine whether the leak should be investigated, Kasowitz said. Comey could not be reached for immediate comment.  Some legal experts said Comey’s actions did not run afoul of the law. Faiza Patel, co-director of public policy group Brennan Center for Justice, noted that Comey testified that he was careful to avoid putting classified information in memos memorializing his conversations with Trump. Other experts said Kasowitz’s claim that Comey leaked “privileged” information was off the mark, citing the fact that Trump previously had disclosed details about his interactions with Comey. To leak his memo, Comey chose someone who has publicly defended him in the past, including his handling of the investigation into Hillary Clinton’s emails. A 1984 graduate of Yale Law School, Richman clerked for the U.S. Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall. He served as chief appellate attorney in the U.S. Attorney’s Office in Manhattan from 1987 to 1992, when Comey was also a prosecutor in that office. Richman went on to join the faculty of Fordham University School of Law and moved to Columbia in 2007. He has also served as a consultant to the U.S. Justice and Treasury departments on criminal matters and on advisory committees to former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg and New York state Governor Eliot Spitzer. After Comey’s testimony, a surge of Web searches for Richman appeared to overwhelm the Columbia Law School’s website. “Columbia Law’s site is down at the moment. We are working on a solution. Stay tuned,” the school said in a posting on Twitter. ",1
3299,"Trump still standing, but damaged by Comey's testimony","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump survived one of the biggest threats to his presidency when Thursday’s hugely awaited congressional testimony by the FBI chief he fired did not yield any explosive new disclosures about his campaign’s alleged ties with Russia. But former FBI Director James Comey’s remarks to a packed hearing of the Senate Intelligence Committee left the Republican president far from unscathed. Comey recounted in vivid detail conversations with Trump that he viewed as an effort to undermine an investigation of possible collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia. He also said Trump’s comments after firing him on May 9 that the FBI was in disarray and that its members had lost confidence in Comey “were lies, plain and simple.” Still, Comey handed Trump and his supporters some fresh ammunition when he confirmed he had told the president the investigation was not focused on him personally. Even Senator Marco Rubio, who was among a number of Republicans who battled Trump for the 2016 Republican presidential nomination, seemed to be advocating for him at times during the hearing. Rubio asked Comey why he did not directly tell Trump that he thought the president was making inappropriate requests of him. Comey replied that he did not know. “I was a bit stunned, and didn’t have the presence of mind,” he said. A Republican close to Trump said the president felt very good about Comey’s testimony, particularly since it bore out his earlier statement that the former FBI director had told him he was not under investigation. But the cloud from the Russia probe still hangs heavily over Trump’s White House.  Comey’s firing set the stage for the appointment of a special counsel, Robert Mueller, who has taken over the investigation. Congressional probes, including one by the Senate intelligence panel, are ongoing. Russia has denied interference in last year’s presidential campaign. The White House has denied any collusion with Moscow. But Senator Dianne Feinstein, a Democrat who sits on the intelligence committee, said the matter was nowhere near over. “It’s a big investigation, and these are facts. ... You have to dig for, and do a lot of analysis.” Several Democrats said Trump’s conversations with Comey seemed to build a case of obstruction of justice. “The lawyers are going to dig into obstruction of justice,” Senator Ron Wyden, a Democrat on the intelligence panel, said after the hearing. “I believe the evidence just keeps piling up that there has been a very real presidential abuse of power.” But Paul Ryan, the Republican speaker of the House of Representatives, said Trump’s interactions with Comey may have reflected his lack of political experience rather than an effort  to pressure the FBI director. Ryan said Trump may not have been “steeped” enough in the FBI’s independence from the White House. “He’s new in government, and so therefore I think he’s learning as he goes,” he told reporters. “I’m not saying it’s an acceptable excuse. It’s just my observation.” Trump could face even more problems over the coming months if the stream of details leaking out about the Russia investigation continues to grab the spotlight at a time when the White House wants to focus on priorities such as rolling back the Obamacare healthcare law and overhauling the tax code. “It distracts the administration and gives Republicans in the House and the Senate, many of whom have not been Trump supporters from the beginning, a reason to keep their distance and not get behind him,” said Andy Smith, director of the University of New Hampshire Survey Center, which conducts political polling. “It’s going to be a long summer,” Smith said. Trump’s core supporters are hunkering down for a fight. Great America Alliance, one pro-Trump group, spent $400,000 this week running ads attacking Comey, said Eric Beach, who runs the group. The ad lambasted Comey as “just another D.C. insider” and included images of militant attacks abroad to suggest Comey had not been focused enough on protecting Americans. But the investigation has contributed to a steady erosion of Trump’s political capital. According to a Reuters/Ipsos opinion poll taken from June 1 to 5, even before the Comey testimony - 38 percent of Americans said they approved of Trump, versus 58 percent who disapproved.  “I think the situation is getting much more serious for Mr. Trump,” said Jon Bond, a political science professor at Texas A&M University. “The Mueller investigation is going on. I suspect that information that came out in today’s hearings is going to feed into that investigation. It looks like to me that the president is in increasing jeopardy.” ",1
3300,"Trump attorney disputes Comey testimony, slams leak","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s personal attorney disputed key points of the testimony of former FBI director James Comey on Thursday and attacked Comey for leaking information to the media. Comey accused Trump of firing him to try to undermine the Federal Bureau of Investigation’s probe into Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential campaign. Comey said Trump pressured him to drop an investigation of his former national security adviser Michael Flynn and told Comey that he needed his loyalty even though FBI directors are supposed to work independently from the White House. Trump did not directly comment on the allegations, but his personal attorney, Marc Kasowitz, tried to discredit Comey’s testimony. “The president never, in form or substance, directed or suggested that Mr. Comey stop investigating anyone,” Kasowitz said in a brief appearance before television cameras. “The president also never told Mr. Comey, ‘I need loyalty, I expect loyalty.’ He never said it in form and he never said it in substance.” Kasowitz said Comey’s testimony made it clear that Trump was not being investigated for collusion with Russian officials and that the president felt “completely vindicated.” The attorney also attacked Comey for testifying that he used a friend to leak to a reporter his notes on a meeting with Trump. Kasowitz said the leak contained “privileged communications with the president.”  “We will leave it the appropriate authorities to determine whether these leaks should be investigated along with all the others that are being investigated,” Kasowitz said. Legal experts questioned Kasowitz’s contention that Trump’s private encounters with Comey should be considered privileged communications.  Comey said he had hoped the leak would prompt the appointment of a special counsel, which later occurred. Kasowitz is playing a lead role in handling Trump’s responses to the Russia investigation. He was with Trump at the White House on Thursday to watch Comey’s televised testimony. ",1
3301,Former FBI chief's ire over Trump laid bare in testimony,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Throughout the drama of his U.S. Senate testimony on Thursday, James Comey sat ramrod-straight, his mouth set, all business.  It was the posture of a longtime law-enforcement official and former FBI director, someone used to keeping matters close to the vest.  But even the steady, crisp rhythm of his answers could not hide what lay beneath the surface: Comey’s dismissal by President Donald Trump last month wounded and angered him.  Beyond testifying to conversations he said he had with Trump concerning the federal probe into ties between Trump’s campaign and Russian officials, Comey time and again told the Senate committee before him and viewers across the country he not only has a harsh opinion of the president’s purported conduct, but also of his character.  Just minutes into his testimony, Comey said the president and his aides had chosen to defame him by spreading lies about his job performance, attempting to shred a reputation carefully built during 20 years of government service. “Those were lies, plain and simple, and I am so sorry that the FBI workforce had to hear them and that the American people were told them,” he said.  Later, Comey testified he began documenting his conversations with the president because of what he called “the nature of the person.” “I was honestly concerned he might lie about the nature of our meeting,” Comey said.  Trump, uncharacteristically, stayed silent during Comey’s testimony, despite earlier suggestions from White House aides that he might take to Twitter to respond. He never did, ceding the stage, for the moment, to his nemesis.  He left rebuttals to his son, Donald Trump, Jr., who defended Trump on Twitter, and to his outside lawyer, Marc Kasowitz, who denied the president had ever pressured Comey to drop the FBI’s probe into Trump’s former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn. In response to questions from senators, Comey repeatedly cast Trump as a boss or “patron” trying to secure his loyalty, something that Comey said made him “uneasy.”  At one point, Comey was asked why his version of events should be believed over the president’s.  “I’ve tried to be open, fair, transparent and accurate,” he said, encouraging senators to examine the two men’s “consistency track record, demeanor, record over time, that sort of thing.” Referring to a Trump comment on social media about the possible existence of tapes that could provide proof of their conversations, Comey said he was so rankled he decided to hand memos of his interactions with the president to a close friend to leak to the media.  “I’ve seen the tweet about the tapes,” Comey said. “Lordy, I hope there are tapes.”  At the White house, in keeping with Trump’s silence, his aides played down the day’s events. “It’s a regular Thursday at the White House,” Sarah Sanders, the deputy press secretary, told reporters,  as televisions in the West Wing blasted Comey’s testimony.  Trump watched at least part of the hearing with his outside legal team, in a dining room at the White House, but Sanders said she did not know if he had seen much of it. Sanders took umbrage when asked if, as Comey had suggested, the president had lied.  “I can definitively say the president is not a liar. I think it’s frankly insulting that question would be asked,” she said. After Comey’s testimony, Trump delivered a brief speech to a friendly audience at a conference of religious leaders in Washington where he did not mention the controversy. Throughout the hotel ballroom where the event was staged, attendees expressed support for the Republican Trump and distaste for Democrats and the news media. “I feel he’s doing a wonderful job for our country,” said Donna Hubers of Baltimore, who was checking her phone for Comey updates.  There were some lighter, and literary, moments in Comey’s testimony.  He recalled at one point that he had to give up a dinner date with his wife because Trump asked to meet him at the White House. That was one of the meetings that Trump allegedly used to pressure Comey to drop the investigation into Flynn. “In retrospect, I love spending time with my wife, and I wish I would have been there that night,” he said on Thursday, drawing laughs from the senators. Comey also reached into English history to boost his portrayal of Trump. He was asked by Senator Angus King, an independent, whether he took the president’s references to the Flynn probe in the Oval Office as a directive to drop the matter.  Comey replied with a quotation attributed to King Henry II of England, who was at odds with Thomas Becket, the archbishop of Canterbury.  “Yes. It rings in my ear as, well, ‘Will no one rid me of this meddlesome priest?’” “I was just going to quote that,” Senator King said. “And the next day, he (Becket) was killed.” ",1
3302,"Trump, as Comey takes spotlight, vows to stay strong and fight","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump, in a speech across town from a closely watched congressional hearing on his dealings with the FBI amid its Russia probe, told supporters on Thursday their movement was “under siege” and vowed to fight on. “We’re under siege...but we will come out bigger and better and stronger than ever,” he said during a separate speech in Washington. “We will not back down from doing what is right ...we know how to fight and we will never give up.” ",1
3303,Republicans take knife to post-crisis Wall Street reforms,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives voted on Thursday to replace the 2010 Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform law, a move that is expected to die in the Senate but open the door to revamping or eliminating regulations that came out of the 2007-09 financial crisis. House passage of the CHOICE Act is the farthest Republicans have gotten so far in undoing regulations they say hurt small banks and make the government responsible for bailing out big financial institutions should they fail. Republican President Donald Trump is pushing for deregulation across the federal government. Next week the Treasury Department is expected to release the first in a series of reports on lightening financial rules and re-interpreting Dodd-Frank provisions.  Lawmakers in the near future could also approve smaller bits of legislation to undo specific measures in Dodd-Frank, one of the biggest achievements of former President Barack Obama, a Democrat. Earlier on Thursday, Senate Banking Committee Chairman Mike Crapo, a Republican, said he would hold several hearings in coming months with the goal of “ultimately passing a meaningful and bipartisan reform package.” On a day when the national spotlight was on the Senate testimony of former Federal Bureau of Investigation Director James Comey, the fight over repealing Dodd-Frank consumed the House. The bill was approved along party lines by a vote of 233-to-186 after four hours of often-loud debate. The most powerful Democrat in the chamber, California’s Nancy Pelosi, described the legislation as “dastardly.” The argument even spilled over to a House committee hearing on the budget of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission. There, Democratic Representative Rosa DeLauro demanded that acting CFTC chair J. Christopher Giancarlo, a Republican, provide three examples in writing to prove his statement that overregulation was hurting the economy. Authored by Financial Services Committee Chairman Jeb Hensarling, a Republican, the CHOICE Act allows banks to choose between complying with Dodd-Frank or holding onto more capital. While the act was meant to address bankers’ concerns, many in the banking sector do not support it because they consider the required capital level too high. Also, the American Bankers Association expressed disappointment that the bill had retained Dodd-Frank limits on debit card fees. The act restructures the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, created to guard against fraud in lending. It eliminates the Volcker rule that limits trading activities by banks. Also, the government would no longer be able to designate non-bank institutions as “systemically important,” which triggers increased oversight. The Congressional Budget Office, a non-partisan evaluator of legislation, estimates the bill would save the federal government $24 billion over a decade, mostly by lifting the government’s authority to step in and unwind failing institutions. Republicans described the act as a jobs-creator, saying Dodd-Frank’s numerous requirements made it impossible for community banks to lend to small businesses. They said changing the independent CFPB would make the agency more accountable to lawmakers. Democrats said the legislation would bring about another economic catastrophe by eliminating vital checks on the financial system. They said the CFPB changes, including eliminating its complaints database, would make it easier for firms to take advantage of consumers along the lines of the housing crisis, where millions were trapped in mortgages they could not afford. The Senate is not expected to take up the bill in its entirety, even though it has Trump’s backing. Senator Elizabeth Warren, a leading Democrat, initially conceived of the CFPB and was Obama’s first choice to lead it. She is expected to rally opposition in the form of a filibuster against changes to the agency. Still, Crapo lauded the bill’s passage in the House as a “significant and thoughtful effort,” a sign he may include some of its provisions in a future bill.  “The CHOICE Act makes a positive move away from government micromanagement, and returns to basic principles of safety and soundness and market-driven principles,” he said in a statement. ",1
3304,Trump chooses fundraiser Scaramucci for ambassador to OECD: official,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Anthony Scaramucci, a Republican fundraiser and founder of Skybridge Capital, is President Donald Trump’s choice to become ambassador to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, a White House official said on Thursday. Scaramucci was an adviser to Trump during the presidential campaign last year and Trump’s transition to the White House. He had been seen as someone headed for a White House position but a job never came to fruition. The OECD position is in Paris. ",1
3305,Q&A: What we know about U.S. probes of Russian meddling in 2016 election,"(Reuters) - Former FBI Director James Comey testified before the U.S. Senate Intelligence Committee on June 8 about Russian involvement in the 2016 presidential election. President Donald Trump’s abrupt firing of Comey on May 9 renewed attention to allegations by U.S. intelligence agencies that Russia interfered in the election to benefit Trump. It also raised questions about the motivations behind Comey’s dismissal. The following describes what is publicly known and not known about U.S. investigations into meddling and possible collusion between Russia and members of the Trump campaign: How did the investigations begin? Former President Barack Obama ordered U.S. intelligence agencies to assess whether Russia tried to intervene in the  election after a cyber attack on the Democratic National Committee in July 2016 and the publication of thousands of hacked personal emails from Hillary Clinton’s campaign manager in the month before the Nov. 8 election. Obama told intelligence officials to deliver a report on possible foreign interference before he left the White House in January 2017. What did the intelligence agencies find?  The Central Intelligence Agency, the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the National Security Agency concluded in a report declassified in January that Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered a campaign not just to undermine confidence in the U.S. electoral system but to affect the outcome. The agencies said Putin and the Russian government had a clear preference for Trump to win the White House. Putin’s  associates hacked information, paid social media “trolls” and backed efforts by Russian government agencies and state-funded media to sway public opinion, the agencies said.  The report stopped short of assessing whether Russia succeeded in swaying the election result. Putin and other Russian officials have repeatedly denied interfering in the U.S. election. How many U.S. investigations are there into Russian election meddling? Comey told the House Intelligence Committee on March 20 that the FBI was investigating Moscow’s role in the election, including possible collusion with Trump’s campaign. The Justice Department announced on May 17 that it had appointed Robert Mueller, a former FBI director, as special counsel to lead an independent Russia probe. Mueller would, if the evidence merits, work in tandem with the FBI to handle any related criminal prosecutions. In addition, there are multiple committees in the Senate and House of Representatives investigating various aspects of Russian election meddling. What has Trump said about Russia’s role in the election? He has not taken a clear public position. At a July 2016 news conference, Trump addressed an FBI probe into Clinton’s use of a private email system when she was secretary of state and emails that had possibly been deleted by saying: “I will tell you this, Russia: if you’re listening, I hope you’re able to find the 30,000 emails that are missing.” He subsequently dismissed reports, including from U.S. intelligence officials, that Russia had attempted to intervene in the election on his behalf.    The first time Trump said he accepted the findings of the intelligence agencies was at a Jan. 11 news conference ahead of his inauguration. “As far as hacking, I think it was Russia,” Trump said, although he added: “It could have been others also.” Trump said in May that China may have hacked the emails of Democratic officials to meddle with the election, offering no evidence and countering the view of intelligence officials. Trump has made clear on multiple occasions he believes the Russia investigations have run their course and should be closed. “The Russia-Trump collusion story is a total hoax, when will this taxpayer funded charade end?” he wrote on Twitter on May 8. On May 30, Trump tweeted: “Russian officials must be laughing at the U.S. & how a lame excuse for why the Dems lost the election has taken over the Fake News.” Did the FBI probe continue after Comey’s dismissal? There is no evidence that the FBI ended or paused its investigation after Comey’s departure. Andrew McCabe, who is leading the agency as acting director, promised the Senate Intelligence Committee that Comey’s firing would not affect the investigation and that he will notify the committee of any attempt to delay or derail it.  Trump on June 6 chose former U.S. Justice Department official Christopher Wray, who represented New Jersey Governor Chris Christie in the so-called Bridgegate scandal, to be the next FBI director. Wray will need Senate confirmation. Why was Comey fired? The White House cited a May 9 letter to Trump from Attorney General Jeff Sessions that attached a memo from Rod Rosenstein, the deputy attorney general, on “Restoring Confidence in the FBI” that recommended Comey’s dismissal. Rosenstein’s memo said Comey erred in July 2016 by announcing the FBI had been examining Clinton’s use of a private email server and that the case should be closed without prosecution. Rosenstein’s view was that Comey’s decision to make a public statement broke with longstanding FBI precedent and should have been handled by the then-U.S. attorney general, Loretta Lynch. Trump called Comey a “showboat” and “grandstander” in an interview with NBC News on May 11, saying that he would have fired Comey regardless of Rosenstein’s recommendation. Was Comey’s firing related to the FBI’s Russia probe? Comey told the Senate Intelligence Committee he believes his dismissal was directly related to the FBI’s Russia probe. “I know I was fired because of something about the way I was conducting the Russia investigation, was in some way putting pressure on him, in some way irritating him, and he decided to fire me because of that,” Comey said in his June 8 testimony. Trump asked Comey to end the agency’s investigation of Michael Flynn, his former national security adviser, and also to make some sort of public statement that he was not personally under investigation in order to clear “the cloud” hanging over his presidency, according Comey’s testimony. Comey said he found it concerning that Trump would ask him to drop the agency’s probe of Flynn and declined to state publicly that Trump himself was not under investigation, in part because it would create a “duty to correct” if that changed. “I need loyalty, I expect loyalty,” Trump told Comey at a Jan. 27 dinner, according to Comey. Less than a week before he was fired, Comey told a congressional panel that it made him “mildly nauseous” that he may have affected the outcome of the election by publicly re-opening and then re-closing the Clinton email probe days before the election. In an unorthodox move, Great America Alliance, an offshoot of a pro-Trump super PAC devoted to promoting the White House agenda, developed a television ad called “Showboat” to air as Comey testified. The ad claims Comey was “consumed with election meddling” at the expense of fighting terrorism. Has there been any fallout for Trump associates over contacts with Russia before, during or after the election campaign? Flynn was fired in February. The White House said he had misled Vice President Mike Pence about the contacts he had with Russia’s ambassador to the United States, Sergei Kislyak, before Trump took office. On May 9, federal prosecutors issued grand jury subpoenas seeking business records from people who worked with Flynn when he was a private citizen. On May 10, the Senate Intelligence Committee issued the first subpoena in its Russia investigation, demanding documents from Flynn. He provided the first batch on June 6. Sessions had to recuse himself from involvement in Russia-related probes at the Justice Department because he had not told Congress of his own contacts with Kislyak in 2016. Rosenstein is handling matters related to Russia and it is he who appointed Mueller as special counsel. Is Trump himself under investigation?  In the short letter Trump sent to Comey dismissing him from the FBI, he thanked Comey for informing him on three separate occasions that he was not under investigation. Comey has confirmed that Trump was not personally under investigation at any point before his dismissal from the FBI. Trump’s personal lawyer, Marc Kasowitz, said Comey’s Senate testimony proved the president was not under investigation. Kasowitz denied Trump ever told Comey he needed and expected his loyalty. ",1
3306,Trump voter fraud official announces bid for Kansas governor,"(Reuters) - Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach, who serves as a member of U.S. President Donald Trump’s election fraud commission, said on Thursday he was running for governor of the state.  Kobach, a Republican who has become a national leader in pushing for aggressive measures against undocumented immigrants and strengthening voter identification laws, touted his tough on immigration record at an announcement event for next year’s race.  “Strong borders and respect for rule of law are essential to our country and to our state,” Kobach said.  “Kansas is the sanctuary state of the Midwest. We are the only state in the five state area that has done nothing to discourage illegal immigration.”   Measures would include ending sanctuary policies in Kansas counties, cutting public benefits and welfare to undocumented people, ending in-state tuition for undocumented students at state universities and insuring that state and local law enforcement cooperate with federal immigration authorities, he said.  As secretary of state, Kobach was a strong proponent of tightening Kansas’ voter identification statutes since he was elected in 2010, making the state a symbol for mostly Republican Party supporters who said the rules were meant to prevent voter fraud.  Opponents, mostly Democrats, said they discriminate against minorities and Kobach’s efforts faced numerous legal challenges.  Trump created a commission last month to investigate voter fraud following his unsubstantiated claims that millions of people voted illegally for his Democratic rival in the 2016 U.S. election.  Since July 2015, Kobach has secured nine convictions for voter fraud in Kansas, according to a May statement from his office.  Kobach, an Ivy League and Oxford educated former Department of Justice official, said in addition to tackling illegal immigration, he would crackdown on lobbying in state capital Topeka as well as fight tax increases if elected.   He was highly critical of a move by Republican lawmakers on Tuesday to override a veto by Republican Governor Sam Brownback of legislation that would raise taxes, saying there was no need to feed the “government monster.”  The measure essentially rolls back income tax rate cuts the state enacted in 2012 that led to budget shortfalls. The higher rates are expected to raise $591 million in fiscal 2018, which begins July 1, and $633 million in fiscal 2019, according to a legislative analysis of the bill.  ",1
3307,U.S. Treasury's Mnuchin to bring up defense on Ottawa trip: U.S. official,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin will raise the issue of defense spending during his trip to Ottawa on Friday, a senior U.S. Treasury official said.  Earlier this week, Canada unveiled plans to bulk up its military amid doubts that it could continue to rely on the United States as the world’s foremost global leader. [nL1N1J418R] “I expect we’d cover issues related to defense spending and we saw of course Canada’s recent announcements just in the last couple of days about that,” the senior Treasury official said in a conference call with reporters on Thursday. President Donald Trump has scolded NATO allies, which includes Canada, for not spending enough on defense and has so far declined to personally affirm the alliance’s mutual defense doctrine. While in Ottawa, Mnuchin is scheduled to hold a bilateral meeting with Canadian Finance Minister Bill Morneau. Deputy National Security Adviser Dina Powell will accompany Mnuchin on the trip, Treasury said. The official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, also said that Mnuchin would raise trade issues with his Canadian counterpart. Tensions between the traditionally close allies have been rising over the Trump administration’s accusations of unfair trade practices by its northern neighbor. The United States and Canada will soon begin talks on renegotiating the North American Free Trade Agreement(NAFTA). Mexico is also a member of the pact. During Friday’s talks, the United States wants to get a sense of Canada’s thoughts on timing and issues on trade before starting negotiations, the senior Treasury official said. Canada is already at odds with the United States over dairy subsidies, as well as exports of lumber and airliners. Mnuchin is expected to raise tax reform, financial regulation and countering terrorist financing as part of the discussions, the senior Treasury official added. ",1
3308,Instant View: Comey accuses Trump administration of defaming him,"(Reuters) - Former FBI Director James Comey on Thursday accused the Trump administration of defaming him, but declined to offer his opinion on whether President Donald Trump sought to obstruct justice by asking him to drop an investigation into the former national security advisor. The hearing could have significant repercussions for Trump’s presidency as special counsel Robert Mueller and several congressional committees investigate alleged Russian efforts to influence the 2016 presidential election and whether Trump’s campaign colluded with this. * Comey said Trump had repeatedly told him he was doing a great job. * Comey said administration chose to defame him and FBI by saying organization was in disarray. Comey said “those were lies, plain and simple’.  * Comey said he has no doubt Russia interfered with U.S. election. Comey says he is confident no votes cast in 2016 election were altered * Comey says it is not for him to say whether Trump tried to obstruct justice in their conversations * Comey says found conversations with Trump very disturbing * Comey says Trump did not ask him to stop Russia investigation * Comey says FBI became aware of Russia cyber intrusion in late summer of 2015 SCOTT WREN, SENIOR GLOBAL EQUITY STRATEGIST, WELLS FARGO INVESTMENT INSTITUTE, ST. LOUIS, MISSOURI: “From the statement released yesterday, just from the headlines, it sounded like it was pretty benign, so the action in the market, not just so far today, but in general over the last couple of months is the market certainly doesn’t think there’s going to be much that comes out of this, and I think largely that’s because if there was something that’s going to come out, as leaky as things seem to be, we would have heard something more than what we’ve been hearing so far. “So I think the market thinks that’s the likely outcome.” JOHN CANAVAN, MARKET STRATEGIST, STONE & MCCARTHY RESEARCH ASSOCIATES, PRINCETON, NEW JERSEY “He didn’t offer that much that was new. He confirmed all the previously reported concerns. Concerns about the interactions (between Comey and Trump) remain. There was a very muted market response.  “It leaves us where we were before. It becomes that much more difficult for the Trump administration to put together a fiscal stimulus package. Anything they could put together with tax reform and infrastructure spending would be a lot smaller than had been expected. You are also pushing back the timing on any fiscal stimulus into 2018, possibly in 2019.  “A lot of the initial euphoria for strong fiscal stimulus has already been unwound, primarily in the bond market. Even without fiscal stimulus, the economy would be able to maintain its current momentum. We are looking for steady growth next year. In our view, this would allow the Fed to raise next week and likely one more time this year either in September or in December.”  DAN SCAVINO JR., WHITE HOUSE DIRECTOR OF SOCIAL MEDIA, ON VERIFIED TWITTER ACCOUNT “Sorry Dems- nothing here. No votes were altered by Russians in the 2016 election. POTUS or team NEVER asked to stop election investigation.” ART HOGAN, CHIEF MARKET STRATEGIST AT WUNDERLICH SECURITIES IN NEW YORK “To the extent it doesn’t seem to be a ‘gottcha’ moment here, the market’s plodding along.” “Unless something comes out that’s outside the realm of the expected, that’s what we should expect. I wouldn’t say the market’s taking action either way here.  “The market looked at this as one of three major events today. Along with this you’ve got the ECB and the UK election. It’s a pretty catalyst filled day.” “It feels like Comey is pretty good at staying in the middle of the fairway in his responses.  “If they haven’t been able to tease anything out of him in the first two hours they’re probably not going to get more. I think the market is looking at this as a non-market moving event much like the ECB meeting was.”  THOMAS SIMONS, MONEY MARKET ECONOMIST, JEFFRIES & CO., NEW YORK “(The testimony) doesn’t appear to be super substantive. My read on the prepared remarks yesterday was that there was nothing particularly stirring there.  “I think the market is taking less of an alarmist review of this situation because there is no smoking gun here that there has been any illegal activity by high-ranking officials, so it’s not particularly impactful for thinking about the impact for Trump’s economic agenda to go through or anything like that.”  JON ADAMS, SENIOR INVESTMENT STRATEGIST AND PORTFOLIO MANAGER AT BMO GLOBAL ASSET MANAGEMENT IN CHICAGO. “We would need to see more evidence as far as explicit direction from the president for there to be a more significant market reaction. We’ve been worried about complacency in the market around political risk as investors have become immune to the daily noise out of Washington. We ask ‘does this impact economic growth or earnings growth?’, and so far the answer is no to both of those questions.”  OMER ESINER, CHIEF MARKET ANALYST AT COMMONWEALTH FOREIGN EXCHANGE IN WASHINGTON. “So far we haven’t had any major surprises or any kind of bombshells released. The dollar-yen ran up a little bit as the testimony got underway, suggesting a little bit of a relief on the fact that we are not likely to get a smoking gun from James Comey that we did not already know. “We are not likely to get any new revelation that suggests that the President’s behavior was anything other than  maybe inappropriate and certainly likely fell short of the bar for obstruction of justice. “Outside of a little bit of a move higher in dollar-yen, there’s really not much that is going on.”   STEPHEN MASSOCCA, SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT AT WEDBUSH SECURITIES IN SAN FRANCISCO  “It’s the James Comey show. Nobody cares. None of this is going to matter. The Republicans are going to say there is nothing to see here, move along. There is no ‘there,’ there, in my opinion, which is why stocks aren’t reacting.... At best what we have here is a president who has zero political experience probably said something he shouldn’t have said. I don’t see it becoming a bigger issue.  “I don’t think this is going to move any needle in any direction. It’s not significant enough that the Republicans are going to bail on Trump and the Democrats are going to make a lot of noise about it. But at the end of the day people care about unemployment, job growth and more important issues than this, in my opinion.” BUCKY HELLWIG, SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT AT BB&T WEALTH MANAGEMENT IN BIRMINGHAM, ALABAMA “The hearings should be mostly a non-event for stocks unless there is some kind of unforeseen ‘smoking gun’ either way – detrimental to the president or beneficial to him.” “Because the president did not invoke executive privilege, it raises the likelihood that nothing happens during the hearings; i.e., there is nothing secret or detrimental to keep out of the hearings.” “Separately, it looks like the market is looking for excuses to go higher as it dances around all-time highs.  Earnings are rising, rates are falling (supporting higher PEs), and the technical indicators show the market in an uptrend, so if the hearings maintain the status quo, it could move money off the sidelines into stocks.” TOM DI GALOMA, MANAGING DIRECTOR, SEAPORT GLOBAL HOLDINGS, NEW YORK: “At the end of the day, former FBI Director Comey hasn’t really revealed anything new, in my view, so bond prices are either treading water to heading lower.” DONALD TRUMP JR., SON OF U.S. PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP ON VERIFIED TWITTER ACCOUNT “Hoping and telling are two very different things, you would think that a guy like Comey would know that. #givemeabreak” FAIZA PATEL, CO-DIRECTOR, LIBERTY & NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAM AT THE BRENNAN CENTER FOR JUSTICE IN NEW YORK CITY “Comey’s notes will be very useful for Mueller. They are detailed, close in time notes so will carry weight, even potentially legal weight. They were made before Comey was fired and so he had no grudge against Trump when he wrote them.” ALAN DERSHOWITZ, PROFESSOR EMERITUS HARVARD LAW SCHOOL, CAMBRIDGE, MA  “Nothing I’ve heard so far changes my view that the president did not obstruct justice.” LAURA DONOHUE, GEORGETOWN UNIVERSITY LAW CENTER, PROFESSOR OF LAW, WASHINGTON D.C. “If the President directed Comey to drop the investigation, with an improper purpose, then it is a violation of the law.” “TIM KAINE, DEMOCRATIC US. SENATOR FROM VIRGINIA, ON VERIFIED TWITTER ACCOUNT “Trump and his team brought their own cloud in with them. It’s not the investigation that’s the cloud. It’s their own actions.  #ComeyDay” TERRY SANDVEN, CHIEF EQUITY STRATEGIST AT U.S. BANK WEALTH MANAGEMENT IN MINNEAPOLIS. “Today is about Washington and the drama surrounding former FBI director James Comey’s testimony and the talk about the demise of President Trump’s presidency or growth agenda seems premature, short of a smoking gun. “I think after today’s testimony, focus will quickly shift back to his pro-growth agenda, mainly less regulation, tax reform, healthcare reform and infrastructure spending. “But clearly all eyes are on Washington and I expect equities to generally trend sideways today short of any new revelations coming out of the testimony.” STOCKS: Stocks were little changed as Comey’s testimony kicked off, trading slightly lower-to-flat, then moved slightly ahead.   BONDS: U.S. Treasury prices were lower ahead of Comey’s testimony and pared losses as he testified.  FOREX: The dollar strengthened against a basket of currencies and then pared gains slightly as Comey’s testimony began.  ",1
3309,U.S. concerned Iraqi Kurdish referendum will distract from war: State Department,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. State Department said on Thursday it was concerned that a non-binding independence referendum planned this year in Iraq’s autonomous Kurdish region will distract from “more urgent priorities” such as the defeat of Islamic State militants. While saying it appreciated the “legitimate aspirations” of the people of Iraqi Kurdistan, the State Department said in a statement it supports a “unified, federal, stable and democratic Iraq” and had voiced concerns about the planned September referendum to Kurdish authorities. “We ... encourage the regional authorities to engage with the government of Iraq on the full range of important issues, including the future of relations between Baghdad and Erbil, on the bases of the Iraqi constitution,” the department said. ",1
3310,"Some toast Comey testimony, others shrug at U.S. bar 'watch parties'","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Crowds packed U.S. bars on Thursday to watch former FBI chief James Comey testify to Congress, with some patrons dismissing the hearing as hype and others cheering his comments as they downed mixed drinks with names like “impeachmint” and “bad hombre.” From Capitol Hill to San Francisco’s Castro district, television “watch parties” beckoned politics buffs to taverns, restaurants and living rooms to view an event some likened to the “Super Bowl of Washington.” The drama around Comey’s first public appearance since he was fired by President Donald Trump last month drew the kind of communal public interest more often associated with major sporting events and awards shows. Every seat was taken at the Union Pub in Washington, located in the shadow of the building where Comey testified to the Senate Intelligence Committee for about three hours from 10 a.m. EDT (1400 GMT). Comey accused Trump of dismissing him to try to undercut the bureau’s investigation into possible collusion between his 2016 presidential campaign team and Russia’s alleged efforts to influence the election. The pub had promised to buy patrons a round of drinks every time Trump, a prolific Twitter user, tweeted during Comey’s testimony - but drinkers were out of luck. The president did not launch a single public retort during the hearing, although his oldest son, Donald Trump Jr., sent several tweets attacking Comey.  “(Comey) did in no uncertain terms call Trump a dishonest person,” said Jared Sorhaindo, 30, who works as a researcher. “That was one of the things that I thought would make Trump fly off the handle.” Mark Johnson, 69, self-employed from Rockville, Maryland, was one of the few Republicans in the packed bar and defended the Republican president. “It is kind of selective outrage on the part of Democrats, and I don’t think that what Trump did rises to the level of high crimes and misdemeanors,” Johnson said, referring to one of the standards that can trigger congressional impeachment proceedings against a president. At Houston’s Axelrad Beer Garden, a crowd of 200 people applauded when Comey called Trump’s rationale for firing him “lies, plain and simple.” Texas leans Republican but Houston, the largest city in the state, voted overwhelmingly for Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton in November. “So far, no smoking gun,” said Cesar Robles, 35, watching the hearing at the bar. “Not much is going to be done” as a result of the testimony, he said. Back at the Union Pub in the nation’s capital, Joseph Cortese, a 22-year-old intern working for a Republican congressman, said the hearing was overblown and would not affect Trump or his agenda. Some Democrats have suggested Trump could be impeached and removed from office if he was found to have sought to hinder the Russia probe in a way that obstructed justice. That is seen as very unlikely given Republicans control both chambers of Congress. “I think the media and liberals are going to have to move on and accept the fact that Donald Trump is going to be president for the next four years,” Cortese said. ",1
3311,Paul Ryan cites Trump lack of experience amid FBI Russia probe,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan on Thursday, asked about President Donald Trump’s interactions with former FBI Director James Comey, said Trump “was new at this” and probably not “steeped” in FBI independence from the White House. “He’s new in government, and so therefore I think he’s learning as he goes,” Ryan told reporters at a news conference. “I’m not saying it’s an acceptable excuse. It’s just my observation.” ",1
3312,Wilbur Ross sees 'genuine' national security concern on steel,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said on Thursday that a national security review of the U.S. steel industry will be completed “very shortly” and will seek to protect the interests of both domestic steel producers and consumers. Ross told a Senate Appropriations subcommittee hearing that he believes there is “a genuine national security issue that must be considered in this case,” the second major signal in two days that the Trump administration is preparing new steel import restrictions.   In a speech in Cincinnati on Wednesday, Trump said: “Wait until you see what I’m going to do for steel and for your steel companies. We’re going to stop the dumping, and stop all of these wonderful other countries from coming in and killing our companies and our workers. You’ll be seeing that very soon.” The steel review under a Cold War-era trade law would result in a “thoughtful” set of recommendations for Trump to consider for action, Ross said. He has previously said he expected to complete the study by the end of June. Ross identified three kinds of actions that could be recommended: imposing tariffs above the current, country-specific anti-dumping and anti-subsidy duties on steel products; imposing quotas limiting the volume of steel imports; and a hybrid “tariff-rate quota” option that would include quotas on specific products with new tariffs for imports above those levels. Choosing the latter option would help mitigate concerns over steel price inflation from tariffs, Ross said. Some steel users have voiced concerns that import limits would cause price increases that would make them more vulnerable to foreign competitors. “The overall impact on inflation, were that to be the route, should be relatively modest,” Ross said. “So we’re very mindful of the need both to protect the domestic steel producers from inappropriate behavior on the part of foreign dumpers, but also to protect the steel consumers, the steel fabricators, the auto companies and everybody else who uses steel.” ",1
3313,Trump committed to fair U.S. elections free from any interference: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump is committed to ensuring that U.S. elections are conducted fairly and protected from interference from anyone, the White House said on Thursday. “The president takes our elections very seriously,” White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders told reporters during a briefing.  Separately, she added that current sanctions against Moscow would remain in place until the Ukraine crisis was resolved. ",1
3314,Trump disputes two key points in Comey testimony: source,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump disputes two key points in the written testimony provided by former FBI Director James Comey, a source familiar with Trump’s thinking said on Thursday. Comey testified that Trump asked him to let go of the probe into his former national security adviser Michael Flynn, and also said that Trump asked for his loyalty. Trump disputes those points, the source said. ",1
3315,Former FBI chief Comey says confused by shifting explanations of his firing,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Former FBI chief James Comey said on Thursday that he found the shifting explanations for why President Donald Trump had fired him both confusing and concerning. “When I was appointed FBI director in 2013, I understood that I served at the pleasure of the president,” Comey told the Senate Intelligence Committee. “On May the ninth, when I learned that I was fired, for that reason, I immediately came home as a private citizen,” he said. “But then the explanations, the shifting explanations confused me and increasingly concerned me.”     ",1
3316,Americans should hear both from Comey and Trump: Republican panel chairman,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The head of the Senate Intelligence Committee said on Thursday that Americans deserved to hear from both former FBI chief James Comey and President Donald Trump as investigations proceed into alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. presidential election. “The American people need to hear your side of the story, just as they need to hear the president’s description of events,” the panel’s Republican chairman, Richard Burr, said. “We will establish the facts, separate from rampant speculation and lay them out for the American people to make their own judgment,” he said. ",1
3317,"Comey testimony disturbing, Trump appears to threaten job: Warner","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee said on Thursday that testimony by fired FBI Director James Comey showed President Donald Trump appeared to threaten his job and asked him to drop an investigation into a senior aide, violating clear guidelines designed to prevent political interference into FBI probes. “The testimony that Mr. Comey has submitted for today’s hearing is disturbing,” Mark Warner will say in his opening statement at a committee hearing, according to excerpts obtained by Reuters.  (Refiles to corrects day of week in first paragraph.) ",1
3318,Ex-FBI chief Comey tells U.S. senators Trump pressured him on Russia probe,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Former FBI Director James Comey said on Wednesday that U.S. President Donald Trump asked him to drop an investigation of former national security adviser Michael Flynn as part of a probe into Russia’s alleged meddling in the 2016 presidential election. In written testimony released the day before he appears before the Senate Intelligence Committee, Comey said Trump told him at a meeting in the White House in February: “I hope you can see your way clear to letting this go, to letting Flynn go.” The testimony puts more pressure on Trump, a Republican, whose presidency has been overshadowed by allegations that Moscow helped him win last year’s election. Some legal experts said Comey’s testimony could strengthen any impeachment case built on obstruction of justice, but U.S. markets shrugged off the news from the testimony for lack of any major disclosures. To build a criminal obstruction of justice case, federal law requires prosecutors to show that a person acted with “corrupt” intent. It does not matter whether the person succeeds in impeding an investigation. While a sitting president is very unlikely to face criminal prosecution, obstruction of justice could form the basis for impeachment. Comey said he had told Trump on three occasions he was not being investigated, confirming an earlier account from the president. Trump, who spent part of Wednesday in Ohio talking about the need to fix the nation’s crumbling infrastructure, ignored reporters’ shouted questions about Comey. On returning to the Oval Office, Trump went into a meeting with top advisers, including chief of staff Reince Priebus. Later, his outside counsel released a statement saying Trump felt “completely and totally vindicated” by Comey’s account. “The president is pleased that Mr. Comey has finally publicly confirmed his private reports that the president was not under investigation in any Russian probe,” Marc Kasowitz, Trump’s attorney, said in a statement. Several congressional committees, as well as the FBI and a special counsel, are investigating whether Russia tried to tilt last November’s election in Trump’s favor, using means such as hacking into the emails of senior Democrats. Trump and the Kremlin have separately denied any collusion. Trump abruptly fired Comey, who was leading the Federal Bureau of Investigation’s probe, on May 9. Comey painted a vivid picture for senators of awkward encounters with Trump in seven pages of testimony. Comey described a private dinner in the Green Room of the White House on Jan. 26, where Trump asked him whether he wanted to stay on as FBI director, telling him: “I need loyalty, I expect loyalty.” “I didn’t move, speak, or change my facial expression in any way during the awkward silence that followed. We simply looked at each other in silence,” Comey said in his testimony, explaining he became concerned that Trump was trying to create “some sort of patronage relationship.” On Feb. 14, after an Oval Office briefing on counterterrorism, Trump asked Comey to stay behind, dismissing Attorney General Jeff Sessions and his son-in-law Jared Kushner, who lingered, and waving off Priebus, who peeked through the door. “When the door by the grandfather clock closed, and we were alone, the president began by saying, ‘I want to talk about Mike Flynn,’” Comey said in his testimony. Trump had fired Flynn the previous day in a controversy over contacts between the retired general and the Russian ambassador to the United States. The FBI has been investigating Flynn as it looks into allegations of links between Russia and the Trump campaign. Comey quoted Trump as telling him: “I hope you can see your way clear to letting this go, to letting Flynn go. He is a good guy. I hope you can let this go.” On March 30, Trump phoned Comey and asked what “we could do to lift the cloud” of the FBI’s Russia investigation. “He said he had nothing to do with Russia, had not been involved with hookers in Russia, and had always assumed he was being recorded when in Russia,” said Comey, who had briefed Trump on “salacious material” that had arisen in a counter-intelligence investigation. Michael Cohen, a lawyer for Trump, said in a statement that the uncorroborated dossier of compromising material that Russian operatives allegedly collected on Trump has been “debunked.”  “Comey’s statement released today needs to be carefully scrutinized as his testimony claims the president was concerned about the dossier,” said Cohen. Cohen, along with Flynn, has been subpoenaed by the House Intelligence Committee, which is also conducting a Russia probe. Some legal experts said Comey’s written statement could be used to show that Trump engaged in obstruction of justice. “It shows the president was doing everything he could to shut down the Flynn investigation,” said Andrew Wright, a professor of criminal law at Savannah Law School.  Bruce Green, a professor of law at Fordham University School of Law, said it would be difficult, however, to show that Trump intended to obstruct justice. Trump could say he was merely vouching for Flynn’s character and voicing concerns about how the probe was interfering with his ability to function effectively as president, Green said. Democrats jumped on the testimony, expressing concern that Trump had inappropriately meddled with the probe. “It’s certainly very possible that this is evidence, in combination with other actions by the president, that could amount to obstruction. It’s certainly an effort to interfere in the investigation,” the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, Representative Adam Schiff, told CNN. Republican House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan, asked about Trump’s request for loyalty from Comey, said it was “very, very critical” that FBI directors remain “independent.” But Republican Senator Richard Burr, who heads the Senate intelligence panel, said he did not take issue with Trump’s request. “I don’t think it’s wrong to ask for loyalty from anybody in an administration,” Burr said. ",1
3319,Text: Ex-FBI Director Comey's prepared testimony to Senate panel,"(Reuters) - Following is the full text of former FBI Director James Comey’s testimony as prepared for delivery to the U.S. Senate Intelligence Committee. Comey is scheduled to testify at 10 a.m. (1400 GMT) on Thursday as part of the committee’s investigation into U.S. intelligence agency allegations that Russia tried to interfere with the 2016 presidential election and potential collusion by President Donald Trump’s campaign. Russia has denied the allegations and Trump denies any collusion.  The committee posted Comey’s opening statement on its website on Wednesday: “Chairman Burr, Ranking Member Warner, Members of the Committee. Thank you for inviting me to appear before you today. I was asked to testify today to describe for you my interactions with President-Elect and President Trump on subjects that I understand are of interest to you. I have not included every detail from my conversations with the President, but, to the best of my recollection, I have tried to include information that may be relevant to the Committee. January 6 Briefing “I first met then-President-Elect Trump on Friday, January 6 in a conference room at Trump Tower in New York. I was there with other Intelligence Community (IC) leaders to brief him and his new national security team on the findings of an IC assessment concerning Russian efforts to interfere in the election. At the conclusion of that briefing, I remained alone with the President-Elect to brief him on some personally sensitive aspects of the information assembled during the assessment. “The IC leadership thought it important, for a variety of reasons, to alert the incoming President to the existence of this material, even though it was salacious and unverified. Among those reasons were: (1) we knew the media was about to publicly report the material and we believed the IC should not keep knowledge of the material and its imminent release from the President-Elect; and (2) to the extent there was some effort to compromise an incoming President, we could blunt any such effort with a defensive briefing. “The Director of National Intelligence asked that I personally do this portion of the briefing because I was staying in my position and because the material implicated the FBI’s counter-intelligence responsibilities. We also agreed I would do it alone to minimize potential embarrassment to the President-Elect. Although we agreed it made sense for me to do the briefing, the FBI’s leadership and I were concerned that the briefing might create a situation where a new President came into office uncertain about whether the FBI was conducting a counter-intelligence investigation of his personal conduct. “It is important to understand that FBI counter-intelligence investigations are different than the more-commonly known criminal investigative work. The Bureau’s goal in a counter-intelligence investigation is to understand the technical and human methods that hostile foreign powers are using to influence the United States or to steal our secrets. The FBI uses that understanding to disrupt those efforts. Sometimes disruption takes the form of alerting a person who is targeted for recruitment or influence by the foreign power. Sometimes it involves hardening a computer system that is being attacked. Sometimes it involves ‘turning’ the recruited person into a double-agent, or publicly calling out the behavior with sanctions or expulsions of embassy-based intelligence officers. On occasion, criminal prosecution is used to disrupt intelligence activities. “Because the nature of the hostile foreign nation is well known, counterintelligence investigations tend to be centered on individuals the FBI suspects to be witting or unwitting agents of that foreign power. When the FBI develops reason to believe an American has been targeted for recruitment by a foreign power or is covertly acting as an agent of the foreign power, the FBI will ‘open an investigation’ on that American and use legal authorities to try to learn more about the nature of any relationship with the foreign power so it can be disrupted. “In that context, prior to the January 6 meeting, I discussed with the FBI’s leadership team whether I should be prepared to assure President-Elect Trump that we were not investigating him personally. That was true; we did not have an open counter-intelligence case on him. We agreed I should do so if circumstances warranted. During our one-on-one meeting at Trump Tower, based on President-Elect Trump’s reaction to the briefing and without him directly asking the question, I offered that assurance. “I felt compelled to document my first conversation with the President-Elect in a memo. To ensure accuracy, I began to type it on a laptop in an FBI vehicle outside Trump Tower the moment I walked out of the meeting. Creating written records immediately after one-on-one conversations with Mr. Trump was my practice from that point forward. This had not been my practice in the past. I spoke alone with President Obama twice in person (and never on the phone) – once in 2015 to discuss law enforcement policy issues and a second time, briefly, for him to say goodbye in late 2016. In neither of those circumstances did I memorialize the discussions. I can recall nine one-on-one conversations with President Trump in four months – three in person and six on the phone. January 27 Dinner “The President and I had dinner on Friday, January 27 at 6:30 pm in the Green Room at the White House. He had called me at lunchtime that day and  invited me to dinner that night, saying he was going to invite my whole family, but decided to have just me this time, with the whole family coming the next time. It was unclear from the conversation who else would be at the dinner, although I assumed there would be others. “It turned out to be just the two of us, seated at a small oval table in the center of the Green Room. Two Navy stewards waited on us, only entering the room to serve food and drinks. “The President began by asking me whether I wanted to stay on as FBI Director, which I found strange because he had already told me twice in earlier conversations that he hoped I would stay, and I had assured him that I intended to.  He said that lots of people wanted my job and, given the abuse I had taken during the previous year, he would understand if I wanted to walk away. “My instincts told me that the one-on-one setting, and the pretense that this was our first discussion about my position, meant the dinner was, at least in part, an effort to have me ask for my job and create some sort of patronage relationship. That concerned me greatly, given the FBI’s traditionally independent status in the executive branch. “I replied that I loved my work and intended to stay and serve out my ten-year term as Director. And then, because the set-up made me uneasy, I added that I was not ‘reliable’ in the way politicians use that word, but he could always count on me to tell him the truth. I added that I was not on anybody’s side politically and could not be counted on in the traditional political sense, a stance I said was in his best interest as the President. “A few moments later, the President said, ‘I need loyalty, I expect loyalty.’ I didn’t move, speak, or change my facial expression in any way during the awkward silence that followed. We simply looked at each other in silence. The conversation then moved on, but he returned to the subject near the end of our dinner. “At one point, I explained why it was so important that the FBI and the Department of Justice be independent of the White House. I said it was a paradox: Throughout history, some Presidents have decided that because ‘problems’ come from Justice, they should try to hold the Department close. But blurring those boundaries ultimately makes the problems worse by undermining public trust in the institutions and their work. “Near the end of our dinner, the President returned to the subject of my job, saying he was very glad I wanted to stay, adding that he had heard great things about me from Jim Mattis, Jeff Sessions, and many others. He then said, ‘I need loyalty.’ I replied, ‘You will always get honesty from me.’ He paused and then said, ‘That’s what I want, honest loyalty.’ I paused, and then said, ‘You will get that from me.’ As I wrote in the memo I created immediately after the dinner, it is possible we understood the phrase ‘honest loyalty’ differently, but I decided it wouldn’t be productive to push it further. The term – honest loyalty – had helped end a very awkward conversation and my explanations had made clear what he should expect. “During the dinner, the President returned to the salacious material I had briefed him about on January 6, and, as he had done previously, expressed his disgust for the allegations and strongly denied them. He said he was considering ordering me to investigate the alleged incident to prove it didn’t happen. I replied that he should give that careful thought because it might create a narrative that we were investigating him personally, which we weren’t, and because it was very difficult to prove a negative. He said he would think about it and asked me to think about it. “As was my practice for conversations with President Trump, I wrote a detailed memo about the dinner immediately afterwards and shared it with the senior leadership team of the FBI. February 14 Oval Office Meeting “On February 14, I went to the Oval Office for a scheduled counterterrorism briefing of the President. He sat behind the desk and a group of us sat in a semi-circle of about six chairs facing him on the other side of the desk. The Vice President, Deputy Director of the CIA, Director of the National Counter-Terrorism Center, Secretary of Homeland Security, the Attorney General, and I were in the semi-circle of chairs. I was directly facing the President, sitting between the Deputy CIA Director and the Director of NCTC. There were quite a few others in the room, sitting behind us on couches and chairs. “The President signaled the end of the briefing by thanking the group and telling them all that he wanted to speak to me alone. I stayed in my chair. As the participants started to leave the Oval Office, the Attorney General lingered by my chair, but the President thanked him and said he wanted to speak only with me. The last person to leave was Jared Kushner, who also stood by my chair and exchanged pleasantries with me. The President then excused him, saying he wanted to speak with me. “When the door by the grandfather clock closed, and we were alone, the President began by saying, ‘I want to talk about Mike Flynn.’ Flynn had resigned the previous day. The President began by saying Flynn hadn’t done anything wrong in speaking with the Russians, but he had to let him go because he had misled the Vice President. He added that he had other concerns about Flynn, which he did not then specify. “The President then made a long series of comments about the problem with leaks of classified information – a concern I shared and still share. After he had spoken for a few minutes about leaks, Reince Priebus leaned in through the door by the grandfather clock and I could see a group of people waiting behind him. The President waved at him to close the door, saying he would be done shortly. The door closed. “The President then returned to the topic of Mike Flynn, saying, ‘He is a good guy and has been through a lot.’ He repeated that Flynn hadn’t done anything wrong on his calls with the Russians, but had misled the Vice President. He then said, ‘I hope you can see your way clear to letting this go, to letting Flynn go. He is a good guy. I hope you can let this go.’ I replied only that ‘he is a good guy.’ (In fact, I had a positive experience dealing with Mike Flynn when he was a colleague as Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency at the beginning of my term at FBI.) I did not say I would ‘let this go.’ “The President returned briefly to the problem of leaks. I then got up and left out the door by the grandfather clock, making my way through the large group of people waiting there, including Mr. Priebus and the Vice President. “I immediately prepared an unclassified memo of the conversation about Flynn and discussed the matter with FBI senior leadership. I had understood the President to be requesting that we drop any investigation of Flynn in connection with false statements about his conversations with the Russian ambassador in December. I did not understand the President to be talking about the broader investigation into Russia or possible links to his campaign. I could be wrong, but I took him to be focusing on what had just happened with Flynn’s departure and the controversy around his account of his phone calls. Regardless, it was very concerning, given the FBI’s role as an independent investigative agency. “The FBI leadership team agreed with me that it was important not to infect the investigative team with the President’s request, which we did not intend to abide. We also concluded that, given that it was a one-on-one conversation, there was nothing available to corroborate my account. We concluded it made little sense to report it to Attorney General Sessions, who we expected would likely recuse himself from involvement in Russia-related investigations. (He did so two weeks later.) The Deputy Attorney General’s role was then filled in an acting capacity by a United States Attorney, who would also not be long in the role. After discussing the matter, we decided to keep it very closely held, resolving to figure out what to do with it down the road as our investigation progressed. The investigation moved ahead at full speed, with none of the investigative team members – or the Department of Justice lawyers supporting them – aware of the President’s request. “Shortly afterwards, I spoke with Attorney General Sessions in person to pass along the President’s concerns about leaks. I took the opportunity to implore the Attorney General to prevent any future direct communication between the President and me. I told the AG that what had just happened – him being asked to leave while the FBI Director, who reports to the AG, remained behind – was inappropriate and should never happen. He did not reply. For the reasons discussed above, I did not mention that the President broached the FBI’s potential investigation of General Flynn. March 30 Phone Call “On the morning of March 30, the President called me at the FBI. He described the Russia investigation as ‘a cloud’ that was impairing his ability to act on behalf of the country. He said he had nothing to do with Russia, had not been involved with hookers in Russia, and had always assumed he was being recorded when in Russia. He asked what we could do to ‘lift the cloud.’ I responded that we were investigating the matter as quickly as we could, and that there would be great benefit, if we didn’t find anything, to our having done the work well. He agreed, but then re-emphasized the problems this was causing him. “Then the President asked why there had been a congressional hearing about Russia the previous week – at which I had, as the Department of Justice directed, confirmed the investigation into possible coordination between Russia and the Trump campaign. I explained the demands from the leadership of both parties in Congress for more information, and that Senator Grassley had even held up the confirmation of the Deputy Attorney General until we briefed him in detail on the investigation. I explained that we had briefed the leadership of Congress on exactly which individuals we were investigating and that we had told those Congressional leaders that we were not personally investigating President Trump. I reminded him I had previously told him that. “He repeatedly told me, ‘We need to get that fact out.’ (I did not tell the President that the FBI and the Department of Justice had been reluctant to make public statements that we did not have an open case on President Trump for a number of reasons, most importantly because it would create a duty to correct, should that change.) “The President went on to say that if there were some ‘satellite’ associates of his who did something wrong, it would be good to find that out, but that he hadn’t done anything wrong and hoped I would find a way to get it out that we weren’t investigating him. “In an abrupt shift, he turned the conversation to FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe, saying he hadn’t brought up ‘the McCabe thing’ because I had said McCabe was honorable, although McAuliffe was close to the Clintons and had given him (I think he meant Deputy Director McCabe’s wife) campaign money. Although I didn’t understand why the President was bringing this up, I repeated that Mr. McCabe was an honorable person. “He finished by stressing ‘the cloud’ that was interfering with his ability to make deals for the country and said he hoped I could find a way to get out that he wasn’t being investigated. I told him I would see what we could do, and that we would do our investigative work well and as quickly as we could. “Immediately after that conversation, I called Acting Deputy Attorney General Dana Boente (AG Sessions had by then recused himself on all Russia-related matters), to report the substance of the call from the President, and said I would await his guidance. I did not hear back from him before the President called me again two weeks later. April 11 Phone Call “On the morning of April 11, the President called me and asked what I had done about his request that I ‘get out’ that he is not personally under investigation. I replied that I had passed his request to the Acting Deputy Attorney General, but I had not heard back. He replied that ‘the cloud’ was getting in the way of his ability to do his job. He said that perhaps he would have his people reach out to the Acting Deputy Attorney General. I said that was the way his request should be handled. I said the White House Counsel should contact the leadership of DOJ to make the request, which was the traditional channel. “He said he would do that and added, ‘Because I have been very loyal to you, very loyal; we had that thing you know.’ I did not reply or ask him what he meant by ‘that thing.’ I said only that the way to handle it was to have the White House Counsel call the Acting Deputy Attorney General. He said that was what he would do and the call ended. “That was the last time I spoke with President Trump.”  ",1
3320,Comey account could fuel obstruction accusations against Trump: legal experts,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Former FBI Director James Comey’s testimony that U.S. President Donald Trump expected loyalty and hoped Comey would drop an investigation of a former top aide could bolster obstruction of justice allegations against Trump, several legal experts said.  Such allegations might be used as the basis for impeachment proceedings, some of the analysts said. Any such step would face a steep hurdle, however, as it would require approval by the U.S. House of Representatives, which is controlled by Trump’s fellow Republicans. According to written testimony posted on the Senate Intelligence Committee’s website on Wednesday, Comey said Trump told him during a one-on-one Feb. 14 conversation that former national security adviser Michael Flynn was a “good guy” and hoped that Comey could see his “way clear” to letting go a probe into ties between Flynn and Russia. Trump had fired Flynn the previous day in a controversy over contacts between the retired general and the Russian ambassador to the United States.  Comey’s account, released ahead of his appearance before the committee on Thursday, could show that Trump intended to impede the Flynn investigation, said Michael Gerhardt, a professor of constitutional law at the University of North Carolina School of Law.  “The express discussion of loyalty is disconcerting,” and could heighten speculation that the “president was trying to exert some pressure or at least exert some influence over the Russia investigation,” Gerhardt said. Comey, who was fired by Trump on May 9, was leading an FBI investigation of Flynn as it looks into allegations of links between Russia and Trump’s 2016 presidential campaign. Moscow and Trump have both denied any collusion. Trump’s lawyer, Marc Kasowitz, did not immediately respond to a Reuters query about whether Comey’s testimony would support an obstruction case. But he said in a statement that Trump felt “vindicated” by Comey’s confirmation he was not under investigation in any Russia probe.     To build a criminal obstruction of justice case, federal law requires prosecutors to show that a person acted with “corrupt” intent. It does not matter whether the person succeeds in impeding an investigation.  While a sitting president is unlikely to face criminal prosecution, obstruction of justice could form the basis for impeachment.  Bruce Green, a professor at Fordham University School of Law, said it would be difficult to show Trump intended to impede the Flynn investigation. He said Trump could say he was merely vouching for Flynn’s character and voicing concerns about how the probe was interfering with his ability to function as president. Alan Dershowitz, a professor emeritus at Harvard Law School and well-known defense lawyer, added that Trump’s comments to Comey were “ambiguous statements” and “not even close to obstruction of justice.”  Other legal experts said, however, that details surrounding the Feb. 14 conversation could indicate that Trump intended to interfere with the Flynn probe.   According to Comey, Trump told his close advisers, including Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Jared Kushner, to leave the room so he could speak to Comey privately. “Asking others to leave the room could suggest the president was aware that there was something wrong with what he was doing,” said Andrew Wright, a professor of constitutional law at Savannah Law School. Wright said there were other damaging details in Comey’s testimony, including that Comey did not document his conversations with former President Barack Obama but “felt compelled” to do so after his first conversation with Trump. Comey’s testimony does “maximum damage” to Trump, Wright said. Gerhardt agreed the testimony was a blow to Trump, saying: “Some people who weren’t concerned before should be concerned now.”  ",1
3321,Trump aides tell him to keep Sessions as U.S. attorney general: sources,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Aides to U.S. President Donald Trump are urging him not to fire  Attorney General Jeff Sessions despite rifts between the two  men, sources familiar with internal White House conversations  said on Wednesday. Media reports that Sessions offered to resign recently surfaced earlier this week. They added to pressure on Trump as former FBI Director James Comey, who was abruptly fired last month, prepared to testify in Congress on Thursday about his interactions with the president. Trump did not accept Sessions’ resignation offer and is now being advised to keep his attorney general in place, at least for the time being, two sources said.  Political and legal advisers inside the White House have told Trump over the past month that firing Sessions would create another political fire storm and make it more difficult to fill key jobs inside his administration, the sources said on the condition of anonymity. “That’s the advice he’s been given. But he might not listen to that advice,” one of the sources said. A senior White House official confirmed aides have been urging Trump to keep Sessions but said it was because “he’s the best man for the job.” A spokeswoman at the Justice Department declined to comment. Trump has repeatedly shrugged off advice from close aides. Earlier this week, he said the Justice Department led by Sessions was wrong to submit a “watered down, politically correct” version of his proposed travel ban on people from several Muslim-majority countries to the Supreme Court.”  The outburst weakened government lawyers’ defense that the travel ban, which has been blocked by federal courts, was not intended as a ban on Muslims. Sessions offered to resign because of tensions with Trump over his decision to recuse himself from a federal investigation into ties between Trump’s associates and Russian officials when Russia was allegedly meddling in the 2016 U.S. presidential election, according to media reports. A former senator, Sessions was one of the first senior Republican lawmakers to endorse Trump as a presidential candidate and played an important role in the campaign.  He recused himself from the Russia investigation in March after he failed to disclose a meeting he had with Russia’s ambassador in Washington. Trump and Sessions were together at the White House on May 17, when Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein surprised them both by appointing former FBI Director Robert Mueller as special counsel to head the Russia investigation.  After learning the news, Trump lashed out at Sessions, blaming him for recusing himself from the Russia probe and leaving the ability to appoint an outside investigator in Rosenstein’s hands, the sources said.  Trump also complained that Sessions had not warned him about Rosenstein’s decision. The Justice Department said Sessions played no part in the decision. ",1
3322,Illinois gets June 20 deadline to boost Medicaid funding,"CHICAGO (Reuters) - Illinois must increase payments to Medicaid providers despite an ongoing budget impasse, after a U.S. District Court judge on Wednesday ruled the minimal payments made by the state do not comply with federal consent decrees.  Judge Joan Lefkow ordered renewed negotiations between Illinois and health care advocates for the poor, setting a June 20 deadline to be in “substantial compliance” with the decrees.     Lawyers representing the state’s 3 million Medicaid recipients had asked the judge to give precedence to payments to managed care organizations participating in the state and federal health care program for the poor and disabled over the state fully funding other priorities, including debt service on bonds and pensions.  Lefkow said Illinois Comptroller Susana Mendoza, who pays the state’s bills, has not offered a “lawful basis” for not paying the Medicaid providers the $2 billion they are owed. “Although the court means no disrespect to the comptroller, who faces an unenviable situation, it finds that minimally funding the obligations of the decrees while fully funding other obligations fails to comply not only with the consent decrees, but also with this court’s previous orders,” the judge’s latest order stated. Illinois is limping toward the June 30 end of a second-straight fiscal year without a complete spending plan due to a political stalemate between its Republican governor and Democrats who control the legislature. Lawmakers ended their spring session on May 31 without a fiscal 2018 budget deal, triggering downgrades that pushed Illinois’ credit ratings from S&P and Moody’s Investors Service to a step above junk. As a result of the stalemate, Illinois’ backlog of unpaid bills reached $14.9 billion this week.  Mendoza said the real solution is enacting a budget.  “The lack of a budget for the last two years has created a situation in which we now have more court-ordered and state-mandated payments than we have revenues to cover them,” she said in a statement. Tom Yates, executive director of the Legal Council for Health Justice, who is representing Medicaid recipients in court, said more money is being sought at this time to ensure access to medical care, not an immediate payment in full. “I think the talks will have little different tenor now because the judge makes it pretty clear she expects more money to flow to Medicaid providers,” he said.  The consent decrees, which require the state to continue to make Medicaid payments despite its budget problems, stem from two 1992 cases.  ",1
3323,Michigan state House approves carrying concealed guns without permit,"(Reuters) - Legislation to allow Michigan gun owners to carry a concealed handgun without a permit was approved in the state House of Representatives on Wednesday, in a move that follows the lead of a dozen other states. The package of four bills, which cleared the Republican-controlled House with support from a handful of Democrats, now moves to the Senate, also dominated by Republicans.  It was not immediately clear whether Michigan’s Republican Governor Rick Snyder supports the bill. But the measure, if also approved in a Senate vote, could automatically become law 14 days after reaching the governor’s desk unless he vetoes it. The legislation would lift a requirement that handgun owners obtain a concealed pistol license with a $100 fee to legally carry the weapon in public.  Handgun owners also would be allowed carry a concealed pistol in public without the firearms training that is currently mandated.  Advocates framed the issue as upholding a U.S. constitutional right to bear arms. “We all know criminals are not paying fees, taking classes and waiting for approval to come in the mail before they begin carrying guns,” Michigan state Representative Michele Hoitenga, sponsor of the bill, said in a statement.  The legislation “levels the playing field for honest people,” she said. Opponents of the bill criticized it as dangerous. Twelve other U.S. states already allow gun owners to carry their weapons without a concealed-carry permit, according to the Law Center to Prevent Gun Violence. Most are conservative-leaning with Republican-majority legislatures but Vermont, where Democrats control the statehouse, is among the 12. “The states that have eliminated the permit requirement are basically making it easier to carry a gun in public than drive a car,” said Hannah Shearer, a staff attorney with the San Francisco-based Law Center to Prevent Gun Violence. Legislation introduced in the U.S. Congress this year would, if approved and signed by President Donald Trump, require all states to allow firearm owners to carry their guns under the regulations of their home state, even if visiting elsewhere. For instance, a person allowed to carry a concealed firearm without a permit in North Dakota could do so when visiting California or New York state, where permits are required, Shearer said. ",1
3324,U.S. bars throwing 'covfefe' parties for televised Comey testimony,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. bars are offering $5 Russian vodka drinks, “impeachmint” cocktails and free drinks with every presidential tweet to draw crowds on Thursday to watch fired FBI Director James Comey’s televised testimony to Congress. Television “watch parties,” typically hosted for sporting events and awards shows, are planned at homes and bars across the country for Comey’s 10 a.m. EDT appearance before the Senate Intelligence Committee. During “the SUPER BOWL of Washington,” as it was billed by the Axelrad Beer Garden in Houston, the former director will testify that U.S. President Donald Trump tried to get him to scale back the agency’s investigation into Russia’s alleged interference in the 2016 U.S. presidential election. “Join us for an early morning beer and engage in friendly debate with fellow patrons,” a post on the Axelrad Facebook page said. The bar also is serving a drink called the impeachmint. In Washington, Shaw’s Tavern was one of several bars promising to open its doors a half hour before Comey begins speaking, with a $10 “FBI” breakfast special. In this case, FBI stands not for Federal Bureau of Investigation but French toast, bacon and ice cream. “Grab your friends, grab a drink and let’s COVFEFE!” the tavern said on Facebook, referring to a truncated Trump tweet last week with that word that left some people scratching their heads. The Partisan bar just off the tourist-rich National Mall will offer “The Last Word” and “Drop the Bomb” cocktails and “The Patriot” breakfast sandwich. “We’ve got two TVs in our bar and we’re going to have the audio on full blast,” said Molly Hippolitus, a spokeswoman for the bar’s owners. “I’m expecting a pretty good mix, a bipartisan crowd to show up.” The Union Pub in Washington planned to buy patrons a round of drinks every time Trump, a frequent tweeter, makes a post on Twitter during Comey’s testimony. Several bars in San Francisco will open as early as 6 a.m. PDT to allow patrons to gather for the testimony. “It’s important for us to be well informed,” said bartender Darren “Buddy” Jaques at the Mix, where the TV will be tuned into the hearing. ",1
3325,Trump picks white-collar crime lawyer to replace Comey at FBI,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump on Wednesday ended a fraught month-long search for an FBI chief after firing James Comey by selecting Christopher Wray, who has prosecuted and defended white-collar crime cases and represented New Jersey’s governor in a political scandal. Wray, who must be confirmed to the post by the Senate, and Comey served together in the Justice Department under former President George Bush, and both worked on the government’s case in the Enron Corp fraud scandal in the early to mid-2000s. Trump’s announcement that he will nominate Wray as director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation came a day before Comey’s eagerly anticipated public testimony before a Senate committee. In written testimony released by the panel on Wednesday, Comey said Trump told him on Jan. 27 that “I expect loyalty,” and in a Feb. 14 meeting asked him to back off from a probe into former national security adviser Michael Flynn’s ties with Russia. The Republican president’s search for a replacement for Comey after firing him May 9 was difficult. Leading candidates including former Senator Joe Lieberman took their names out of consideration, and Trump interviewed a series of contenders. In a statement, Trump called Wray “an impeccably qualified individual” who will serve “as a fierce guardian of the law and model of integrity.” The White House has given shifting explanations on why Trump fired Comey during an FBI investigation into whether Trump campaign associates colluded with the Russians to help him with the 2016 presidential election. Trump has said he was thinking of “this Russia thing” in dismissing Comey. Wray served from 2003 to 2005 at the Justice Department under Republican former President George W. Bush as an assistant attorney general in charge of its criminal division and oversaw the department’s Enron task force. Wray and Comey helped bring the case against Kenneth Lay, the former Enron chairman convicted in 2006. Also involved in the Enron matter was Robert Mueller, then FBI director and now special counsel named after Comey was fired to investigate the Russia affair, as well as Andrew Weissman, who is now working for Mueller. The web of Enron connections underscores the reliance in Washington, even under a president who vowed to “drain the swamp,” on an elite corps of corporate lawyers whose varied careers often intersect and who sometimes present conflict-of-interest issues. For instance, after he left the Justice Department and joined top international law firm King & Spalding, Wray represented Republican New Jersey Governor Chris Christie in the so-called Bridgegate scandal over massive traffic jams created as political punishment for a local mayor. That case and others taken on by Wray while in private practice could pose problems, said American Civil Liberties Union National Political Director Faiz Shakir in a statement. “Christopher Wray’s firm’s legal work for the Trump family, his history of partisan activity, as well as his history of defending Trump’s transition director during a criminal scandal makes us question his ability to lead the FBI,” Shakir said. Wray represented Christie in a scandal that resulted in two of the governor’s aides being convicted. Christie, who was a close adviser to Trump during the 2016 presidential campaign and whose name was floated as a possible Comey replacement, was never charged. Christie on Wednesday called Wray “an outstanding choice, a non-political choice” to head the FBI. Wray works as a King & Spalding litigation partner and represents companies and individuals in a white-collar criminal and regulatory enforcement matters. King & Spalding has represented Russian companies including state gas monopoly Gazprom, according to its website. According to the website, the firm’s energy practice also has represented businesses taking part in deals involving Russian entities including state-owned oil major Rosneft. The firm has previous ties to Trump. Bobby Burchfield, a partner in its Washington office, serves as ethics adviser for the trust set up in January to isolate Trump from the day-to-day operations of the Trump business organization. The agreement has been criticized by some ethics experts as inadequate. Apart from possible conflicts, another question about Wray is whether the longtime white-collar lawyer is equipped to take over an agency that is increasingly focused on detecting and combating terrorism, espionage and cybercrime. “There are questions about whether he is experienced enough in intelligence, counter-terrorism, counter-narcotics, computer crimes, and issues like that,” said one senior U.S. law enforcement official who asked not to be identified. “The biggest test the bureau is likely to face is not another Enron,” the official said. Trump announced his selection of Wray in a surprise, early-morning Twitter message. Some Democratic lawmakers said the president’s timing seemed intended to distract from Comey’s scheduled testimony. “It is imperative that the next FBI director be of unimpeachable integrity and independence,” Nancy Pelosi, the top House of Representatives Democrat, said. “In light of the president’s constant efforts to block the truth, the nomination of Christopher Wray should be subject to the utmost scrutiny.” Republican Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said Wray’s “impressive credentials make him more than ready” to lead the FBI. Republican House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said he did not know Wray but that his resume suggests he is “the perfect kind of person” for the job. ",1
3326,Trump FBI nominee's corporate legal work could exclude him from some probes,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s pick for FBI chief, corporate lawyer Christopher Wray, would likely face conflicts of interest at the agency due to his defense work for many big companies and be forced to step aside from some investigations, legal ethics experts said on Wednesday. While he spent many years as a government attorney earlier in his career, Wray for the past 12 years has been a white- collar defense lawyer with the Atlanta-based firm of King & Spalding and is currently head of its government investigations practice. “If there are investigations of a client he’d need to recuse himself,” Steven Lubet, a legal ethics professor at Northwestern University, said. At the firm, Wray, a graduate of Yale University and its  law school, defended Johnson & Johnson’s Janssen Pharmaceutical unit in a Justice Department probe over off-label use of anti-psychotic drug Risperdal.  He also represented Credit Suisse [CSAG.UL] in a major tax prosecution by the Justice Department, which alleged the Swiss financial group helped clients hide offshore accounts from the Internal Revenue Service.  According to King & Spalding’s website, clients of the practice led by Wray include AT&T, Deutsche Bank, CVS Caremark, General Motors, Wells Fargo and others. It was not clear if Wray personally represented all of the companies listed.     Kathleen Clark, a professor at Washington University School of law, said professional ethics rules would specifically bar Wray as Federal Bureau of Investigation director from participating in investigations of former clients who shared confidential information with him.  In addition, she said, federal regulations would prohibit him from participating in matters opposite King & Spalding for up to two years, though the government can waive those restrictions.     Wray would not be the first FBI director to come from the private sector. But he served longer in private practice and has a more extensive corporate client base than other FBI chiefs.  James Comey, the man whom Wray would replace, worked as an in-house lawyer for Lockheed Martin and hedge fund group Bridgewater Associates before he became FBI head in 2013. Robert Mueller briefly worked at two law firms between longer stints in government service before becoming FBI director in 2001.Mueller’s conflicts from his post-FBI law career emerged as an issue last month after he was named special counsel to investigate ties between Trump’s campaign team and Russia. Although the FBI is better known for its role fighting violent crime and espionage, the agency is charged with investigating corporate and securities fraud. In recent years, the bureau has launched probes against corporations including GlaxoSmithKline and Takata Corp, which resulted in billions of dollars in criminal penalties. Neither Wray nor King & Spalding responded to requests for comment on potential conflicts. The FBI referred a call on the matter to the Justice Department, which did not respond. Wray served as a federal prosecutor in Atlanta from 1997 to 2001. He then moved to the U.S. Department of Justice, where he eventually became assistant attorney general and head of the criminal division, where he oversaw the fraud investigation of Enron. He joined King & Spalding in 2005. Wray represented New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, who at one time led Trump’s presidential transition, in the Bridgegate scandal. In addition, King & Spalding partner Bobby Burchfield is serving as the ethics adviser for the trust set up in January to isolate the president from the day-to-day operations of Trump businesses. Burchfield praised his partner as having the “highest integrity” and said he saw no conflict between his own work and Wray serving as FBI director. Lubet said he did not think Wray’s conflicts would present an “unsolvable” problem if he becomes FBI director. He noted that investigations could proceed at the field level without the issue arising. “Most decisions are not made at the director level,” he said. In the event the director has to recuse himself, “that’s what deputy directors are for,” said Lubet. ",1
3327,Debt limit showdown looms sooner as wealthy bet on Trump tax cut,"WASHINGTON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - The U.S. Congress may be headed for a reckoning with the federal debt limit within weeks, thanks to wealthy Americans and corporations deferring tax payments in the hope that they would benefit from the lower tax rates promised by President Trump. Trump promised tax cuts during his election campaign last year and has reiterated those promises in recent months leading some wealthy Americans and businesses to shift accounting for income into the future, betting that lower tax rates will arrive, perhaps in 2018, wealth managers told Reuters. “Everyone wants to talk about deferring income,” said Mark Copeland, senior partner at Signature Estate & Investment Advisors LLC in Newport Beach, California.  The U.S. stock market has also rallied since Trump’s election victory in November, partly on hopes for lower corporate tax rates.  “We are starting to prepare clients for potentially lower taxes in 2018,” said Julia Carlson, chief executive and at Financial Freedom Wealth Management Group LLC in Oregon. Trump promised to cut taxes as far back as September 2015 in a four-page plan and reiterated those promises in a two-page “Contract with the American Voter” before last November’s election and again in a one-page document in April, but Republicans in Congress remain divided on tax reform. The delay to tax payments could help to explain why tax receipts this fiscal year are coming in more slowly than projected, said tax experts and the Congressional Budget Office (CBO), an arm of Congress. “Taxpayers may have shifted more income than projected ... to later years, expecting legislation to reduce tax rates to be enacted this year,” the CBO said in a monthly report on Wednesday. The weaker tax revenues this year have forced the U.S. Treasury to borrow more money than expected to cover the federal budget deficit and that is putting the government on track to hit its legal debt limit sooner than expected, experts said. The U.S. government has a legal limit on how much it can borrow, currently set at about $19.8 trillion and the limit can only be increased by a vote of Congress. The need to raise the debt limit usually creates partisan debate in Washington. Conservative Republicans like to use the debt limit issue as leverage to demand cuts in spending but Democrats and moderate Republicans usually oppose such ultimatums on the grounds that the borrowings are used to fund spending approved previously by Congress.   This year, with Trump’s legislative agenda stalled and Congress preoccupied by Trump’s firing of former FBI director James Comey, the House Republicans known as the House Freedom Caucus along with outside conservative groups are again demanding spending cuts for support to raise the debt limit. In 2011 the failure to raise the debt limit in a timely way and the possibility that the U.S. government might default on its obligations led to the U.S. losing its prized triple-A credit rating from Standard & Poor’s. Since mid-March the U.S. Treasury has been using emergency funding powers to postpone hitting the debt limit and those measures had been expected to last until about October, but lower tax receipts so far this year may mean the debt limit will be hit sooner-than-expected. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin urged Congress last month to raise the debt ceiling before lawmakers break for a long August summer recess, a call echoed last week by House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi.  ",1
3328,Factbox: Former FBI Director Comey testimony on conversations with Trump,"(Reuters) - Former FBI Director James Comey detailed his private conversations with President Donald Trump in written testimony submitted to the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence and made public on Wednesday, one day before Comey is scheduled to testify in person. Comey was leading a Federal Bureau of Investigation probe into alleged Russian meddling in last year’s U.S. presidential election when Trump fired him last month. Comey said he had a total of three face-to-face meetings with Trump and six phone calls with him. Following are details of what Comey said occurred in some of the conversations. Jan. 6 Briefing at Trump Tower in New York, when Trump was president-elect. At conclusion of a briefing given with other intelligence community officials, Comey remained alone with Trump to provide a private briefing on material that was “salacious and unverified.”  Comey said he was prepared to tell Trump the FBI was not investigating him personally, because the agency did not “have an open counter-intelligence case on him.”  “I felt compelled to document my first conversation with the President-elect,” Comey said, saying he began to “type it on a laptop in an FBI vehicle outside Trump Tower the moment I walked out of the meeting.” “Creating written records immediately after one-on-one conversations with Mr. Trump was my practice from that point forward,” Comey said. Jan. 27 Dinner at the White House  Comey had dinner with Trump in the Green Room at the White House. Trump called him earlier in the day to extend the invitation and Comey had assumed that other people would be present, but it was just him and the president. Trump asked Comey if he wanted to remain FBI director, which Comey said he “found strange because he had already told me twice in earlier conversations that he hoped I would stay, and I had assured him I intended to.” “My instincts told me that the one-on-one setting, and the pretense that this was our first discussion about my position, meant the dinner was, at least in part, an effort to have me ask for my job and create some sort of patronage relationship.” Comey said. “Because the set-up made me uneasy, I added that I was not ‘reliable’ in the way politicians use that word, but he could always count on me to tell him the truth,” Comey said. “A few moments later, the President said, ‘I need loyalty, I expect loyalty.’ I didn’t move, speak, or change my facial expression in any way during the awkward silence that followed.” Trump returned to the subject of Comey’s job near the end of the dinner, and said: “I need loyalty.” Comey said he replied: “You will always get honesty from me.” Trump paused and said: “That’s what I want, honest loyalty.” Comey said he paused, and said: “You will get that from me,” although Comey said it was possible he and Trump “understood the phrase ‘honest loyalty’ differently.” Feb. 14 Oval Office meeting Comey went to the Oval Office for a counterterrorism briefing with other officials, including Attorney General Jeff Sessions. At the end of the briefing, Trump indicated he wanted to speak to Comey alone, and when Sessions lingered, Trump said he wanted to speak only to Comey. Once alone, Trump began by saying: “I want to talk about Mike Flynn,” who had been fired as national security adviser the previous day. Trump said of Flynn: “He is a good guy. I hope you can let this go.” Comey said he replied only that “he is a good guy,” and said that “I did not say I would ‘let this go.’” Comey discussed the conversation with the FBI leadership team and it was agreed not to report the conversation to the attorney general. But shortly afterward, Comey said he spoke in person to Sessions to pass along Trump’s concerns about leaks. “I took the opportunity to implore the Attorney General to prevent any future direct communication between the President and me. I told the AG that what had just happened – him being asked to leave while the FBI Director, who reports to the AG, remained behind – was inappropriate and should never happen. He did not reply.” March 30 Phone call Trump called Comey at the FBI. “He described the Russia investigation as ‘a cloud’ that was that was impairing his ability to act on behalf of the country,” and asked what could be done to “lift the cloud.” Trump wanted to know why there had been a congressional hearing about Russia the prior week. Comey said the FBI had briefed congressional leaders on which individuals it was investigating and said Trump was not being personally investigated. Comey said he reminded Trump that he had previously told him that. Trump, he said, “repeatedly told me, ‘We need to get that fact out.’” April 11 Phone call Trump called Comey and asked what he “had done about his request that I ‘get out’ that he is not personally under investigation. I replied that I had passed his request to the Acting Deputy Attorney General, but I had not heard back.” Trump again said “the cloud” was interfering with his ability to do his job. At the end of his conversation, Trump said: “‘Because I have been very loyal to you, very loyal; we had that thing you know,’” Comey reported, adding: “I did not reply or ask him what he meant by ‘that thing.’” Comey said that was his last conversation with Trump.      ",1
3329,Hawaii enacts law committing to goals of Paris climate accord,"SEATTLE (Reuters) - Hawaii has become the first U.S. state to enact legislation to bring its environmental standards in line with the Paris climate accord, officials said on Wednesday, less than a week after President Donald Trump announced that the United States would withdraw from the global agreement.  Hawaii Governor David Ige signed a bill on Tuesday requiring state officials to plan a response to climate change that aligns the state with the standards and goals of the Paris pact, according to Scott Glenn, an environmental adviser to the governor. “People come to Hawaii to enjoy its environment,” Glenn said. “When climate change is threatening our reefs and threatening our weather ... then it’s threatening our economy, too.” Although Hawaii already has strong environmental rules, the new law is the first to directly refer to the standards of the Paris agreement, said Glen Andersen, who tracks energy and climate issues at the National Conference of State Legislatures. Along with setting climate change as a priority for the state, the bill creates a state commission dedicated to studying climate change and putting out detailed plans for responding both to sea-level rise and climate change as a whole, with the stipulation that the plans align with the Paris agreement. Trump said on Thursday that the landmark 2015 climate agreement threatened millions of jobs and productivity, and that he would start a multi-year process to withdraw from the deal, which has been signed by almost every other nation on Earth. The governors of Washington, California and New York on the same day announced the creation of a “climate alliance” of states that would remain committed to the Paris goals. Ige joined the alliance on Friday. An overwhelming majority of scientists say human activity - including the burning of oil, gas and coal - is the main driver of rising global temperatures. Scientists at the University of Hawaii said in April that sea-level rise driven by global warming will cause flooding of low-lying areas in the state dozens of times per year by 2050, and increase the risk of dangerous interactions between tropical storms and seasonal high tides. ",1
3330,Connecticut Senate passes bill allowing purchase of nuclear power,"(Reuters) - Connecticut’s Senate passed a bill Wednesday morning that could allow the state to buy power from Dominion Energy Inc’s Millstone nuclear power plant. Earlier this week, Dominion said it will begin a “strategic reassessment” of the 2,088-megawatt Millstone plant after another bill that would allow the state to buy power from the plant failed to get enough votes. That other bill was Senate Bill 106. Senate Bill 778, which the Senate passed this morning, authorizes the commissioner of the state Department of Energy & Environmental Protection to conduct an appraisal to determine whether the state will conduct a competitive procurement process for nuclear power. Before it becomes law, Bill 778 has to pass the state house before the session ends at midnight Wednesday and be signed by the governor. Connecticut is one of several states looking for ways to boost their nuclear plants’ revenues to keep them in service to preserve benefits they provide, including carbon-free energy, jobs, taxes and energy diversification. In 2016, New York and Illinois adopted rules to subsidize some reactors that were in danger of closing before their licenses expire as cheap and abundant shale gas has cut power prices over the past several years, making it uneconomic for nuclear operators to keep some units operating. While other generators with mostly gas-fired plants, like NRG Energy Inc, Dynegy Inc and Calpine Corp, challenge those New York and Illinois rules in federal court, other states - Ohio, Pennsylvania and New Jersey - have considered adopting similar rules to protect their reactors. “We don’t believe that fair and equitable power markets can be sustained when giving handouts or subsidies to nuclear operators. The suggestion that Dominion is somehow in a lesser position to participate in the power market is pure fiction,” said NRG spokesman David Gaier. If the Connecticut commissioner decides to go forward with the nuclear power purchases, the state can either require electric utilities to buy nuclear power for a period of three to ten years, or issue a solicitation for baseload zero-carbon resources, including nuclear. Ken Holt, a spokesman at Millstone, said it was premature to speculate on what the company may do if Bill 778 does not pass. He said Dominion has already sold 85 percent of the power Millstone is expected to generate in 2017 to hedge funds and other purchasers. While the company usually sells some of the plant’s power three years in advance, Holt said Dominion has not sold Millstone’s power beyond this year because it was waiting to see where prices would go and the outcome of the legislation. Next-day power prices in New England averaged $35.40 per megawatt hour in 2016, the lowest on record, according to Reuters data going back to 2001. That compares with a 10-year average (2007-2016) of $59.02. ",1
3331,Trump pushes infrastructure plan as Russia probe heats up,"CINCINNATI, Ohio (Reuters) - President Donald Trump on Wednesday trumpeted plans for $1 trillion in U.S. infrastructure spending as he struggles to gain momentum for his economic agenda amid growing attention on the probe into alleged ties between his campaign and Russia. “America wants to build,” Trump said. “There is no limit to what we can achieve. All it takes is a bold and daring vision and the will to make it happen.”     Speaking in Cincinnati, Ohio, Trump reviewed a proposal announced earlier this year to leverage $200 billion in his budget proposal into a $1 trillion of projects to privatize the air traffic control system, strengthen rural infrastructure and repair bridges, roads and waterways. Trump said he would not allow the United States to become a “museum of former glory.” He spoke about backing large transformative projects but did not give specifics. “We will construct incredible new monuments to American grit that inspire wonder for generations and generations,” he said. Trump pointed to a government program that allows the private sector to tap into low-cost government loans called the Transportation Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act as a way to leverage federal funds with state, local, and private sector funding. Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao said at a Senate hearing on Wednesday that administration plans to unveil a detailed legislative proposal by the end of September. Democrats want $1 trillion in new federal spending and proposed a plan that includes $200 billion in roads and bridges,$20 billion in expanding broadband Internet access, $110 billion for water systems and $75 billion for schools. Senate Democratic Leader Charles Schumer said the Trump budget unveiled in May cuts $206 billion in infrastructure spending across several departments, including $96 billion in planned highway trust fund spending. The Ohio visit was the second leg of a week-long White House focus on infrastructure. On Monday the president proposed spinning off air traffic control from the Federal Aviation Administration. The proposal to privatize air traffic control has run into skepticism and opposition from Democratic senators and some Republicans.      The infrastructure push comes as the White House seeks to refocus attention on core promises to boost jobs and the economy that Trump made last year during his presidential campaign.     Those pledges have been eclipsed by the furor over Russia’s alleged meddling in the election. That drama will come to a head on Thursday when former Federal Bureau of Investigation Director James Comey, who was leading the Russia probe until Trump fired him last month, testifies before a Senate panel. ",1
3332,Trump feels 'totally vindicated' by Comey testimony: Trump attorney,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump is pleased that fired FBI Director James Comey confirmed in prepared congressional testimony that Trump was not under investigation in the probe of alleged Russian meddling in the U.S. election, Trump’s outside attorney said in a statement on Wednesday. “The President is pleased that Mr. Comey has finally publicly confirmed his private reports that the President was not under investigation in any Russian probe,” attorney Marc Kasowitz said. “The President feels completely and totally vindicated,” the statement said. ",1
3333,Autos need devices to curb child heatstroke deaths: U.S. lawmakers,"(Reuters) - Automakers could help prevent accidental deaths of small children left in hot cars by installing devices to remind drivers to check their back seats for passengers before getting out, three U.S. lawmakers sponsoring a safety measure said on Wednesday. The bipartisan group of lawmakers joined safety experts and parents with testimonials of personal tragedies to publicly press for a law they said would have averted many of the 800  deaths of children left in overheated cars since 1990. “It should be bipartisan, non-partisan, it should be America’s legislation,” Rep. Peter King, a New York Republican told a Washington press conference. The bill, known as the Helping Overcome Trauma for Children Alone in Rear Seats, or HOT CARS, Act, would instruct the U.S. Transportation Department to issue a rule requiring new cars to have systems that alert drivers check their back seats after they turn off their engines. Representative Tim Ryan, an Ohio Democrat and a chief sponsor of the bill, lauded General Motors Co for already installing rear-seat reminders in its 2018 model Buick, Cadillac, Chevrolet and GMC vehicles. The Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers said it would review the legislation and “provide guidance,” but added that under the bill it would take about 20 years before all cars were equipped with the new technology. “Greater public awareness saves lives today,” alliance spokesman Scott Hall said in a statement. Stories of children, as well as pets, who die while left unattended in hot cars tend to horrify Americans each summer. Miles Harrison of suburban Washington recounted the highly publicized death of his adopted young son, when he forgot to drop him at daycare and left him in his car at work on a hot July day nine years ago. He was tried and found not guilty of involuntary manslaughter. “It really did not matter to me whether I was found guilty or innocent,” he said. “I still have not forgiven myself and don’t know if I have the capacity to do so.” The Russian government later used the tragedy as partial justification for banning U.S. citizens from adopting Russian orphans, naming the law after the child. ",1
3334,U.S. might expand laptop ban to 71 airports: Homeland Security,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. government might expand a ban on larger electronics like laptops in airplane cabins to flights originating from dozens of airports in Europe, the Middle East and Africa, the head of Homeland Security said on Wednesday, though an expansion could be avoided if countries agree to improved security procedures. The U.S. restrictions imposed in March currently cover about 350 flights a week originating from 10 airports, primarily in the Middle East. Extending the ban to all European airports that directly serve U.S. airports would affect nearly 400 flights a day and cover 30 million travelers and pose major logistical challenges, airlines and security officials say. “We are looking right now at an additional 71 airports,” Secretary of Homeland Security John Kelly told a House of Representatives panel. “We’re also looking at ways that we think we can mitigate the threat” without expanding the ban. Kelly said his deputy will attend a conference in Malta next week “to present what we think are the minimum increased security standards ... and present those to people to say if you meet these standards we will not ban large electronics.” The restrictions on laptops announced in March, including on flights originating from airports in the United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia, Qatar and Turkey, came amid fears that a concealed bomb could be installed in electronic devices taken aboard aircraft. Britain quickly followed suit with restrictions on a slightly different set of routes. Kelly said many countries are working to not be added to the ban list by improving screening to “detect this very sophisticated device.” He called the danger real. “This is a very serious constant threat to knock down an airplane,” Kelly said. Homeland Security spokesman David Lapan declined to identify the 71 airports that are under consideration. Any move to restrict carrying larger electronics to the cargo hold of aircraft has potential safety implications related to past problems with laptop batteries. Kelly said he is reviewing those concerns. U.S. Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao at a Senate hearing on Wednesday said lithium ion batteries on airplanes can be a problem. “This is a difficult issue that the administration is grappling with especially from a security point of view,” Chao said. A laptop fire in a cabin can be detected quickly, versus a device stored in a cargo hold. On May 30, a New York JetBlue Airways Corp flight bound for San Francisco was diverted to Michigan because of a lithium battery fire from a passenger laptop in the airplane cabin. ",1
3335,Top Senate intelligence Democrat: 'more investigating to do',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The top Democrat on the U.S. Senate Intelligence Committee said on Wednesday there was “more investigating to do” after top intelligence officials declined to answer questions about whether President Donald Trump attempted to interfere in the investigation of alleged Russian meddling in the U.S. election. “Our intelligence leaders could have laid allegations against (Trump) to rest. They chose not to and didn’t explain why they wouldn’t answer,” Senator Mark Warner said in a statement on Twitter after a committee hearing. “That tells me we have more investigating to do,” he wrote. ",1
3336,Q&A: What we know about U.S. probes of Russian meddling in 2016 election,"(Reuters) - Former FBI Director James Comey will testify to the U.S. Senate Intelligence Committee on Thursday about Russian involvement in the 2016 presidential election.  President Donald Trump’s abrupt firing of Comey on May 9 renewed attention to allegations by U.S. intelligence agencies that Russia interfered in the election to benefit Trump. It also raised questions about the motivations behind Comey’s dismissal.  The following describes what is publicly known and not known about U.S. investigations into meddling and possible collusion between Russia and members of the Trump campaign:  How did the investigations begin? Former President Barack Obama ordered U.S. intelligence agencies to assess whether Russia tried to intervene in the election after a cyber attack on the Democratic National Committee in July 2016 and the publication of thousands of hacked personal emails from Hillary Clinton’s campaign manager in the month before the Nov. 8 election. Obama told intelligence officials to deliver a report on possible foreign interference before he left the White House in January 2017.  What did the intelligence agencies find? The Central Intelligence Agency, the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the National Security Agency concluded in a report declassified in January that Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered a campaign not just to undermine confidence in the U.S. electoral system but to affect the outcome.  The agencies said Putin and the Russian government had a “clear preference” for Trump to win the White House. Putin’s associates hacked information, paid social media “trolls” and backed efforts by Russian government agencies and state-funded media to sway public opinion, the agencies said.  The report stopped short of assessing whether Russia succeeded in swaying the election result.  Putin and other Russian officials have repeatedly denied interfering in the U.S. election.  How many U.S. probes are there into Russia’s election meddling? Comey told the House Intelligence Committee on March 20 that the FBI was investigating Moscow’s role in the election, including possible collusion with Trump’s campaign.  The Justice Department announced on May 17 that it has appointed Robert Mueller, a former FBI director, as special counsel to lead an independent Russia probe. Mueller would, if the evidence merits, work in tandem with the FBI to handle any related criminal prosecutions.  In addition there are multiple committees in the Senate and House of Representatives investigating various aspects of Russian election meddling.  What has Trump said about Russia’s role in the election? Trump has not taken a clear public position.  “I will tell you this, Russia: if you’re listening, I hope you’re able to find the 30,000 emails that are missing,” Trump said at a July 2016 news conference, in reference to an FBI probe into Clinton’s use of a private email system when she was secretary of state and emails that had possibly been deleted.  Trump subsequently dismissed reports, including from U.S. intelligence officials, that Russia had attempted to intervene in the election on his behalf.  The first time Trump said he accepted the findings of the intelligence agencies was at a Jan. 11 news conference ahead of his inauguration. “As far as hacking, I think it was Russia,” Trump said, although he added: “It could have been others also.”  Trump said in May that China may have hacked the emails of Democratic officials to meddle with the election, offering no evidence and countering the view of intelligence officials.  Trump has made clear on multiple occasions he believes the Russia investigations have run their course and should be closed. “The Russia-Trump collusion story is a total hoax, when will this taxpayer funded charade end?” he wrote on Twitter on May 8.  On May 30, Trump wrote on Twitter: “Russian officials must be laughing at the U.S. & how a lame excuse for why the Dems lost the election has taken over the Fake News.”  Did the FBI probe continue after Comey’s dismissal? There is no evidence that the FBI ended or paused its investigation after Comey’s departure.  FBI acting Director Andrew McCabe, who is leading the agency, promised the Senate Intelligence Committee that Comey’s firing would not affect the investigation and that he will notify the committee of any attempt to delay or derail it.  Trump on June 6 tapped former U.S. Justice Department official Christopher Wray, who represented New Jersey Governor Chris Christie in the so-called Bridgegate scandal, to be the next FBI director. Wray will need Senate confirmation.  Why was Comey fired? The White House cited a May 9 letter to Trump from Attorney General Sessions that attached a memo from Rod Rosenstein, the deputy attorney general, on “Restoring Confidence in the FBI” that recommended Comey’s dismissal.  Rosenstein’s memo said Comey erred in July 2016 by announcing the FBI had been examining Clinton’s use of a private email server and that the case should be closed without prosecution. Rosenstein’s view was that Comey’s decision to make a public statement broke with longstanding FBI precedent and should have been handled by the then-U.S. attorney general, Loretta Lynch.  Trump called Comey a “showboat” and “grandstander” in an interview with NBC News on May 11, saying that he would have fired Comey regardless of Rosenstein’s recommendation.  In an unorthodox move, Great America Alliance, an offshoot of a pro-Trump super PAC devoted to promoting the White House agenda, developed a television ad called “Showboat” to air as Comey testifies. The ad claims Comey was “consumed with election meddling” at the expense of fighting terrorism.  Was Comey’s firing related to the FBI’s Russia probe? Whether Comey believes his firing was linked to the FBI’s Russia probe will likely be a main focus when he testifies on Thursday.  Trump asked Comey to end the agency’s investigation of Michael Flynn, his former national security adviser, and also to make some sort of public statement that he was not personally under investigation in order to clear “the cloud” hanging over his presidency, according to Comey’s prepared testimony.  Comey found it “very concerning” that Trump would ask him to drop the agency’s probe of Flynn and declined to state publicly that Trump himself was not under investigation, in part because it would create a “duty to correct” if that changed, according to the testimony.  “I need loyalty, I expect loyalty,” Trump told Comey at a January 27 dinner, according to the testimony.  Less than a week before he was fired, Comey told a congressional panel that it made him “mildly nauseous” that he may have affected the outcome of the election by publicly re-opening, and then re-closing, the Clinton email probe days before the election.  Has there been any fallout for Trump associates over contacts with Russia before, during or after the election campaign? Flynn was fired in February. The White House said he had misled Vice President Mike Pence about the contacts he had with Russia’s ambassador to the United States, Sergei Kislyak, before Trump took office.  On May 9, federal prosecutors issued grand jury subpoenas seeking business records from people who worked with Flynn when he was a private citizen. On May 10, the Senate Intelligence Committee issued the first subpoena in its Russia investigation, demanding documents from Flynn. He provided the first batch on June 6.  Sessions had to recuse himself from involvement in Russia-related probes at the Justice Department because he had not told Congress of his own contacts with Kislyak in 2016. Rosenstein is handling matters related to Russia and it is he who appointed Mueller as special counsel.  Is Trump himself under investigation? In the short letter Trump sent to Comey dismissing him from the FBI, he thanked Comey for informing him on three separate occasions that he was not under investigation. Comey confirmed in his written testimony that he told Trump that he was not personally under investigation.  ",1
3337,Texas enacts new abortion restrictions that include tissue disposal,"AUSTIN, Texas (Reuters) - The Texas governor has signed into law new abortion restrictions that include requiring abortion providers to dispose of aborted fetal tissue through burial or cremation, despite a block on the regulation already imposed by a U.S. court. Republican Governor Greg Abbott signed what is known as Senate Bill 8 into law on Tuesday and it takes effect from Sept. 1. It also includes a ban on the most common method of second-trimester abortion. Texas is the most-populous Republican-controlled state. Its abortion restrictions have often been fiercely defended by the state’s lawyers and copied by other socially conservative states. “Texas legislation on abortion is typically amplified because the state can be a beacon for restrictions nationwide,” said Elizabeth Nash, senior state issues manager for the Guttmacher Institute, an abortion rights research group. The anti-abortion group, Texas Right to Life, praised Abbott and the legislation, calling it the” most significant pro-life victory” of the regular legislative session.     Texas crafted a regulation on fetal tissue disposal last year after it suffered a stinging defeat in the U.S. Supreme Court. The court struck down separate abortion restrictions, which were backed by the state’s Republican leaders, regarding doctors and facilities. The Texas fetal tissue regulations were more stringent than regulations in almost every other state, which typically allow aborted fetal tissue to be disposed of in a similar manner as other human tissue, according to the Guttmacher Institute. In January, U.S. District Judge Sam Sparks in Austin put a temporary halt on the fetal tissue disposal regulation, saying the Texas rule imposed “undue burdens on a woman’s right to seek a previability abortion.” After that, the Republican-dominated legislature passed a bill that included the regulation on fetal tissue disposal, with many party leaders saying the measure was necessary to preserve human dignity. Abortion rights providers have said the regulation would require the tissue to be treated differently than other human tissue, add another stigma to abortion and increase costs. ",1
3338,"Trump says Obamacare in 'death spiral,' urges Congress to act","CINCINNATI (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Wednesday that the Obamacare healthcare system is in a “death spiral” and must be reformed soon, a day after insurer Anthem Inc announced it would withdraw from the Ohio healthcare insurance exchange next year. Trump has struggled to get a healthcare package passed by the U.S. Congress even though his Republican Party controls both the House of Representatives and the Senate. A House plan was approved on May 4, and the Senate is trying to pass a version this summer. Trump, visiting Cincinnati, Ohio, to tout his infrastructure plan, met with several people who dislike President Obama’s signature healthcare law, formally known as the Affordable Care Act, and afterward called on Congress to act. “Obamacare is in a total death spiral and the problems will only get worse if Congress fails to act,” he said. Trump spoke a day after Anthem announced it would not participate in the Obamacare insurance exchanges next year in Ohio, a potentially crippling blow to the healthcare system. Trump said opposition from Democrats needed to be overcome in order to gain passage of a new law. “It’s only obstruction from the Democrats. The Democrats are destroying healthcare,” he said. “It’s only going to be Republicans or bust. The Democrats are really in our way.” ",1
3339,U.S. Labor Department rescinds Obama-era rule on 'joint employment',"(Reuters) - The U.S. Labor Department on Wednesday said it was rescinding the Obama administration’s standard for determining when companies are “joint employers” of contract and franchise workers, in the agency’s first major shift in labor policy under President Donald Trump. The department in a statement said it had withdrawn a 2016 interpretation of the federal Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA) that expanded the circumstances under which a business could be held liable for wage-law violations by staffing agencies, contractors, and franchisees. Previously, companies were considered joint employers when they hired and fired workers and set wages. The Obama administration said a worker’s level of “economic dependence” on a company should also be considered. The expanded definition of joint employment had rankled the business community, which said it threatened the franchise business model and would draw companies into lawsuits when they were not responsible for setting working conditions.  Also on Wednesday, the department withdrew 2015 guidance that said that under the same law, many workers are improperly treated as independent contractors when they are actually employees, which would make them eligible for minimum wage, overtime, and other legal protections.  Guidance issued by federal agencies is not legally binding, but serves as a blueprint for how agencies will enforce federal laws. A shift in enforcement priorities at the Department of Labor had been widely expected since President Donald Trump, a Republican and wealthy businessman from New York, took office.  Business groups have said the department’s guidance on employment and worker classification was misguided and affected nearly every U.S. industry, and they praised the agency’s changes on Wednesday. “Diligent employers work hard to be compliant with the FLSA and these (department) interpretations were merely enforcement traps waiting to spring,” Randy Johnson, a vice president at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, said in a statement. Unions and workers’ rights groups said they were troubled by the labor department’s decision. “This was guidance that made it easier for employers, workers, unions and others to know about their rights and obligations under the law,” Lynn Rhinehart, general counsel for the AFL-CIO, said in a statement. The withdrawal of the guidance does not affect a separate expansion of the definition of joint employment by the National Labor Relations Board, which is under review by a federal appeals court. The NLRB’s standard has had more of an impact than the labor department’s because it is legally binding and requires joint employers to bargain with unions. ",1
3340,Missouri governor calls special session on abortion,"(Reuters) - Missouri’s Republican governor on Wednesday said he will convene a special legislative session next week to consider new abortion regulations and counter a local St. Louis law he said made it an “abortion sanctuary city.” The session, set to start on Monday, will seek stricter regulations on abortion clinics, including requiring annual inspections and that clinics adopt plans for potential medical complications, Governor Eric Greitens said in a statement. That came in response to a federal judge’s ruling in April that blocked requirements for clinics to meet standards for surgical centers and for doctors to have hospital privileges. Greitens said he also wants to target an ordinance approved by St. Louis aldermen in February banning employers and landlords from discriminating against women who have had an abortion, according to the St. Louis Post-Dispatch newspaper. The Missouri legislative session ended in May without approving a proposal to nullify the ordinance, which critics said would force groups that oppose abortion to sanction it and could threaten the work of anti-abortion pregnancy resource centers.  The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of St. Louis in late May sued to overturn the ordinance. “Politicians are trying to make it illegal, for example, for pro-life organizations to say that they just want to hire pro-life Missourians,” Greitens said in a statement. Allison Dreith, executive director of the abortion rights group NARAL Pro-Choice Missouri, denounced the governor’s move. “Make no mistake about it. The intent behind the governor’s actions is to shame women for their personal medical decisions and make basic reproductive health care harder to access,” she said in a statement. ",1
3341,Senators criticize Trump's information shut-out to Democrats,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. senators from both parties this week have criticized the Trump administration’s decision that government agencies do not have to provide information to Democratic lawmakers, saying the step will prevent Congress from carrying out its constitutional duties.  During budget and nomination hearings, senators have pressed current and prospective officials about a Justice Department legal opinion dated May 1. The opinion said information requests to executive agencies from senior Democrats on congressional committees, called ranking members, “do not trigger any obligation to accommodate congressional needs and are not legally enforceable through a subpoena or contempt proceedings.” The opinion, largely unprecedented, says agencies are required to give information to only committee chairs, positions held by members of the majority party in Congress. Currently, Republicans control both chambers of Congress and the White House. Most lawmakers first learned about the guidance in media reports last month. Now, they say agencies under President Donald Trump are becoming less responsive to them, making it harder to check whether the executive branch is correctly carrying out laws, as required by the constitution. Some Republicans also have questioned allowing agencies to ignore requests from Congress. Missouri Senator Claire McCaskill, a Democrat who is ranking member of the governmental affairs committee that looks into waste, fraud and abuse in the federal government, grew enraged on Wednesday when a nominee for the White House’s budget office would not commit to respond, without reservation, to her inquiries.  The nominee for Office of Management and Budget Deputy Director, Russell Vought, said that if he is confirmed for the post his responses to her would be “subject to the discretion of the director and advice of legal counsel.” He added that he was “merely reflecting the administration’s policy.” Calling the legal guidance “hogwash,” McCaskill cast withholding information from her as the administration’s attempt to hide problems and wrongdoing. “Welcome to the Big Leagues, administration. This is what happens, you get oversight,” she said, adding she has had a “few problems” with receiving information but not to the extent of other Democrats. A Republican on the committee, Ohio’s Rob Portman, said that when he headed the budget office under former President George W. Bush, he found dealing with Congress was often frustrating. “But I felt it was my responsibility to provide information,” he said, adding he hoped Vought would do so if confirmed for the job. (This version of the story corrects to show Senator McCaskill is from Missouri, not Michigan) ",1
3342,U.S. Gulf Coast groups concerned as Trump picks BP lawyer to top DOJ post,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump’s selection of Jeffrey Bossert Clark to be the Justice Department’s top environmental lawyer has raised concerns by Gulf coast environmental groups as he was the lawyer for international oil company BP Plc in the aftermath of the company’s 2010 drilling rig explosion.   Trump named Clark on Wednesday to be Assistant Attorney General for environment at the Department of Justice, representing the U.S. government on environmental regulation and enforcement issues. Clark, a partner at Kirkland & Ellis, represented BP after the 2010 Deepwater Horizon drilling rig explosion and Macondo oil well rupture that killed 11 workers and caused the largest offshore environmental disaster in U.S. history. The accident polluted large parts of the Gulf, killing marine wildlife and harming businesses. Along the U.S. Gulf coast, local communities are still grappling with cleanup and restoration, and had relied on the federal government and EPA to protect them against climate change and oil and gas company accidents, said Cynthia Sarthou, director of the Gulf Restoration Network in Louisiana. “I think the enforcement of any pollution laws is going to be at risk right now,” Sarthou said. “Bossert (Clark) is unlikely to hold the oil and gas industry accountable for pollution.” Sarthou added that most of the oil and gas infrastructure along the U.S. Gulf coast is aging, putting local environmental groups on alert for future accidents. “While this administration continues to choose profits over people, South Louisiana residents continue to struggle to recover from the economic, health and environmental impacts of the BP oil drilling disaster,” said Colette Pichon Battle, of the Human Rights Network, a lawyer who represented local communities affected by the BP accident. According to a White House statement, Clark is a “complex trial and appellate litigator with especially deep experience in administrative law.”  In addition to practicing law in private practice, he also served worked as deputy assistant attorney general for environment at the Justice department from 2001 to 2005. As an attorney, Clark also represented industry groups in several challenges against the previous administration’s Environmental Protection Agency. This includes a lawsuit to revoke the “endangerment finding,” the scientific finding that gives the agency authority to regulate greenhouse gas emissions and one to challenge California’s ability to set its own stringent greenhouse gas emission standards for vehicles.   Clark was not available for comment.   ",1
3343,Justice Department halts settlements funding outside groups,"NEW YORK/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Justice Department on Wednesday said it is barring legal settlements in federal investigations that include donating funds to community organizations or other third-party groups, rather than paying those directly harmed by the wrongdoing or involved in the cases. U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions said in a statement that settlement payments must be directed to victims impacted by the defendants’ actions and then to the federal government.  The change could impact banks and other corporations, and marks the latest action by the Republican Trump administration to end policies from the previous Democratic Obama administration. Such agreements were a feature of several U.S. settlements with banks following the 2008 financial crisis. Under former President Barack Obama, the Justice Department aimed to hold banks accountable for shoddy securities that contributed to the U.S. housing market collapse. From 2013 to 2016, the department reached $46 billion in settlements with U.S. banks that in part directed funds to approved housing aid and other related groups. In Obama’s final weeks in office, the department sued Barclays PLC (BARC.L) over similar claims. “In recent years the Department of Justice has sometimes required or encouraged defendants to make these payments to third parties as a condition of settlement,” Sessions said a statement. “We are ending this practice and ensuring that settlement funds are only used to compensate victims, redress harm, and punish and deter unlawful conduct.” The change could impact banks still under federal investigation over mortgage issues such as Credit Suisse Group AG (CSGN.S), Royal Bank of Scotland Group PLC (RBS.L), Wells Fargo & Co (WFC.N), UBS Group AG (UBSG.S) and HSBC (HSBA.L). Representatives for the banks could not be immediately reached.     Sessions, in a one-page memo dated Monday, told the nation’s 94 U.S. attorneys they could not make any agreements in civil or criminal cases “that directs or provides for a payment or loan to any non-governmental person or entity that is not a party to the dispute.” Sessions’ new policy “is ill-advised and ignores the tens of thousands of families who were helped by housing service providers across the country in the wake of the financial crisis,” said Amy Spitalnick, a spokeswoman for New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman. Schneiderman was co-chair of a working group that investigated misconduct in the pooling and sale of mortgage securities in the run-up to the financial crisis. Sessions cited three exceptions to the new policy: payments or loans that directly aim to address harm such as to the environment or official corruption; legal or other professional services from the case; and restitution, forfeiture and other payments required by law. While the policy affects future deals, it would have impacted cases like the Environmental Protection Agency’s diesel emissions settlement with Volkswagen AG (VOWG_p.DE) that required the German automaker to invest $2 billion in zero-emission vehicle efforts over 10 years. Eric Schaeffer, executive director of the Environmental Integrity Project and a former EPA civil enforcement director, said the new ban could prevent a similar settlement after the Justice Department sued Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV (FCHA.MI) last month over excess diesel emissions. The memo could ensure “violators won’t be required to support development of low emission vehicles to compensate for illegal pollution from the dirty engines they designed,” he said. The change could still affect a proposed $12 million Justice Department settlement with Harley-Davidson Inc (HOG.N) that was announced in August but not finalized that includes $3 million to reduce air pollution through a project to replace conventional woodstoves.    ",1
3344,Kansas governor denounces legislature's action to raise taxes,"(Reuters) - Kansas Governor Sam Brownback on Wednesday criticized the state legislature for overriding his veto of a bill that hikes income tax rates to plug budget holes, saying it will hurt the state’s efforts to spur economic growth. “I think we’ve taken a big step backwards,” the Republican governor told reporters. Brownback quickly vetoed the bill passed by the legislature on Monday, saying the $1.2 billion it would raise over the next two fiscal years marked the biggest tax increase in Kansas history. Both chambers of the Republican-controlled legislature overrode Brownback’s veto late on Tuesday. The measure essentially rolls back income tax rate cuts the state enacted in 2012 that led to budget shortfalls. The higher rates are expected to raise $591 million in fiscal 2018, which begins July 1, and $633 million in fiscal 2019, according to a legislative analysis of the bill. Kansas’ structural budget pressures led S&P Global Ratings to revise the outlook on the state’s AA-minus credit rating to negative from stable earlier this year. David Hitchcock, a S&P analyst, said on Wednesday the credit rating agency would take a look at the tax hike in the context of Kansas’ final budget and its response to a court ruling on school funding. Lawmakers this week also passed a plan to comply with a March 2 Kansas Supreme Court ruling that found the school funding system falls short of a constitutional requirement for adequacy. The ruling set a June 30 deadline for the enactment of a constitutional funding method.  ",1
3345,"U.S. Senate advances Iran sanctions bill, eyes new Russia sanctions","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate voted overwhelmingly on Wednesday to advance a bill that would impose new sanctions on Iran, the same day at least 12 people were killed in attacks in Tehran, as lawmakers planned to add a package of sanctions on Russia to the measure. The vote was 92-7 on a procedural motion to end debate on the Iran sanctions bill, clearing the way for a vote later on passage of the legislation. Chuck Schumer, the top Senate Democrat, said most members of his party supported the Iran bill, but that they would only agree to let it go ahead because they expected it would be amended to include “a strong package” of new sanctions on Russia as well. Many lawmakers have been clamoring for new sanctions on Russia over its alleged meddling in the 2016 U.S. election, annexation of Ukraine’s Crimea region and support for Syria’s government in that country’s six-year-long civil war. Schumer said he was negotiating with the Senate’s Republican leaders on the Russia sanctions. Some senators had urged that Wednesday’s procedural vote be delayed, arguing that the timing was inappropriate because of the attacks in Iran. “The country has just suffered from two significant terrorist attacks after electing a moderate government with 57 percent of the vote — we need to give Iran the opportunity to recover and set a new course,” Democratic Senator Dianne Feinstein said in a statement. A senior Senate aide said the Iran sanctions measure could come up for a vote as soon as next week. The legislation would impose new sanctions on Iran over its ballistic missile development, arms transfers, support for Islamist militant groups and human rights violations. The Senate Foreign Relations Committee passed it 18-3 last month. To become law, the measure would also have to pass the Republican-led House of Representatives and be signed by President Donald Trump. ",1
3346,"White House, intel chiefs want to make digital spying law permanent","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House and U.S. intelligence chiefs Wednesday backed making permanent a law that allows for the collection of digital communications of foreigners overseas, escalating a fight in Congress over privacy and security. The law, enshrined in Section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, is due to expire on December 31 unless Congress votes to reauthorize it, but is considered vital by U.S. intelligence agencies. Privacy advocates have criticized the law though for allowing the incidental collection of data belonging to millions of Americans without a search warrant. The push to make the law permanent may lead to a contentious debate over renewal of Section 702 in Congress, where lawmakers in both parties are deeply divided over whether to adopt transparency and oversight reforms. “We cannot allow adversaries abroad to cloak themselves in the legal protections we extend to Americans,” White House Homeland Security Adviser Tom Bossert wrote in an editorial  published in the New York Times newspaper on Wednesday. U.S. Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats, speaking on behalf of other intelligence agency leaders, also told the Senate Intelligence Committee panel on Wednesday that the statute should be made permanent, saying it was necessary to keep the United States safe from national security threats.  NSA Director Rogers added that the law had been vital to preventing terrorism in allied countries as well. Fourteen Republican senators, including every Republican member of the Senate intelligence panel, introduced a bill on Tuesday that would make part of Section 702 permanent. The statute, which grants the National Security Agency a considerable freedom in the collection of foreigners’ digital communications, normally comes with a “sunset” clause, meaning that roughly every five years lawmakers need to reconsider its impact on privacy and civil liberties. Intelligence Director Coats said it was not feasible for the NSA to provide an estimate of the number of Americans whose communications are ensnared incidentally under Section 702.  Coats and other officials had previously told Congress they would attempt to share an estimate publicly before the statute expires. A frustrated Democratic Senator Ron Wyden, who has asked for such an estimate for several years, said Coats “went back on a pledge.” Privacy advocates criticized the push to make Section 702 permanent, arguing that regular reviews of the law were necessary to conduct appropriate oversight and prevent potential abuses. “After months of criticizing the government for allegedly spying on his presidential campaign, President Trump is now hypocritically endorsing a bill that would make permanent the NSA authority that is used to spy on Americans without a warrant,” said Neema Singh Guliani, legislative counsel with the American Civil Liberties Union. Disclosures by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden in 2013 revealed the sweeping nature of 702 surveillance, prompting outrage internationally and embarrassing some U.S. technology firms shown to be involved in a program known as Prism. Last week, Facebook (FB.O), Amazon (AMZN.O), Alphabet Inc’s Google (GOOGL.O) sent a letter to Congress urging lawmakers to adopt several reforms to the law, including codifying the recent termination of a type of NSA surveillance that collected Americans’ communications with someone living overseas that merely mentioned a foreign intelligence target.  Making the law permanent without changes would preclude codifying that change. Reuters reported in March that the Trump administration supported renewal of Section 702 without any changes, citing an unnamed White House official, but it was not clear at the time whether it wanted the law made permanent.  (This version of the story corrects paragraph 14 to add dropped words “embarrassing some U.S. technology firms involved in”) ",1
3347,"Comey says Trump told him, 'I need loyalty. I expect loyalty'","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Former FBI Director James Comey, in a written statement posted on the web on Wednesday, said President Donald Trump asked him to back off from a probe into former national security adviser Michael Flynn and told Comey, “I need loyalty. I expect loyalty.” Comey, who will testify in person to the Senate Intelligence Committee on Thursday, will use his opening statement to recount a dinner he had with Trump on Jan. 27, a week after the president took office, according to a copy of the statement posted on the Senate panel’s website. Comey said that during the dinner Trump asked him if he wanted to stay on as Federal Bureau of Investigation director. Comey said he became concerned that Trump was trying to create “some sort of patronage relationship.” In the statement Comey added: “That concerned me greatly, given the FBI’s traditionally independent status in the executive branch.” ",1
3348,Senators challenge Trump plan to privatize air traffic control,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States’ top transportation official on Wednesday promoted the Trump administration’s proposed privatization of the air traffic control system in the face of criticism from Democratic lawmakers and some Republicans. “Our air traffic organization must be more nimble,” U.S. Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao told the Senate Commerce Committee. “A bulky federal government procurement apparatus does not move fast enough to keep pace with new technologies and new demands.” President Donald Trump on Monday unveiled the plan to modernize air traffic control and lower flying costs. Under the proposal, air traffic control would be spun off from the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) and put under the aegis of a nonprofit entity. Critics say the plan would hand control of a key asset to special interests and big airlines. Senator Roger Wicker, a Mississippi Republican, said on Wednesday that small airports in his state oppose the plan. He said that after air traffic privatization in the United Kingdom airline passenger fees rose 30 percent. “This is a tough sell,” Wicker said. Senator Jerry Moran, a Kansas Republican, said he remains “skeptical” of the idea of removing Congress from air traffic control oversight and handing it to a 13-member board. The administration says it would not charge the private entity for the government’s air traffic control assets and would bar Congress from reviewing fees charged by the board. Senator Bill Nelson, a Florida Democrat, opposes the proposal. “Why give away billions of dollars in government assets to an entity that will be governed in large part by the airlines?” he asked. Nelson argued “a fundamental breakup of the FAA cannot advance when there are such strong divisions among aviation stakeholders and in Congress. It just won’t happen.”     Chao denied that the major airlines would control the board and said they would have just two seats on the board. She also pledged to address rural concerns. One big issue is whether general aviation could face higher costs and access to airspace if a private board takes over. Executives from United Airlines (UAL.N), Hawaiian Airlines Inc [HAII.UL], American Airlines Inc (AAL.O) and Southwest Airlines Co (LUV.N), all represented by the Airlines for America lobbying group, praised the Trump plan on Monday. The FAA spends nearly $10 billion a year on air traffic control funded largely through passenger user fees, and has spent more than $7.5 billion on next-generation air traffic control reforms in recent years. It is unclear whether privatization would speed the rollout of new systems such as satellite-based aircraft tracking that replaces ground radar dating back to World War Two. ",1
3349,U.S. spy agencies probe another flank in Russian hacking,"SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Russian hacking of the 2016 U.S. election included sophisticated targeting of state officials responsible for voter rolls and voting procedures, according to a top secret U.S. intelligence document that was leaked and published this week, revealing another potential method of attempted interference in the vote. The month-old National Security Agency document outlined activities including impersonating an election software vendor to send trick emails to more than 100 state election officials. Analysts at the NSA believed the hackers were working for the Russian military’s General Staff Main Intelligence Directorate, or GRU, according to the document. The document’s publication on Monday by The Intercept, a news outlet that focuses on security issues, received particular attention because an intelligence contractor, Reality Leigh Winner, was charged the same day with leaking it. U.S. intelligence agencies have previously said the Kremlin tried to influence the election outcome in favor of Republican candidate Donald Trump through leaks during the campaign of hacked emails from Democratic Party officials, aimed at discrediting Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton. The new revelations suggest that U.S. investigators are also still probing a more direct attempt to attack the election itself, and a federal official confirmed that is the case. However, there is no evidence that hackers were able to manipulate votes, or the vote tally. The document says at least one employee of the software vendor had an account compromised but does not cover whether any of the elections officials were also successfully compromised. If they did compromise the officials, hackers could have planted malicious software, then captured proof of the infection to suggest that there had been fraud on Clinton’s behalf, had she won the Nov. 8 election, experts said. “If your goal is to disrupt an election, you don’t need to pick the winner or actually tamper with tally result,” said Matt Blaze, a University of Pennsylvania computer science professor who has written on the security of voting machines. Simply casting doubt on the legitimacy of the results could achieve the goals of a government-sponsored hacking campaign, he said.  U.S. intelligence officials had previously stated that Russian intelligence had won access to “multiple” election officials but had said that compromised machines were not involved with vote tallies. But they had not said how sophisticated and extensive the effort was or how it worked. Russian President Vladimir Putin has strongly denied Russian government involvement in election hacking, though he said last week that “patriotic” Russians could have been involved. Trump has denied any collusion. SPEAR-PHISHING ON ELECTIONS OFFICIALS The newly leaked NSA report said the hackers used so-called “spear-phishing” techniques on election officials, trying to convince targets to click on links in emails that seemed to come from legitimate correspondents. The report describes just one phishing campaign, which hit state officials a week before the election, but does not give any locations or say if it was successful. Although there may have been many others, security experts said one coming so late in the game would be more likely to be about sowing chaos than  trying to alter vote counts.  The report did not say what the hackers were trying to accomplish, and any investigation of the computers of people who were targeted would be the jurisdiction of the FBI. An FBI spokeswoman declined to comment Tuesday, as did the office of the special counsel Robert Mueller, who is investigating possible collusion between Trump campaign officials and the Russian government. The “bait” used in the spear-phishing campaign involved software for managing voter registration rolls. The hackers might have been considering deleting some records and forcing officials to turn legitimate voters away, said elections technology security expert Alex Halderman, of the University of Michigan. There were no wide reports of mass rejections of voters, so perhaps that plan was abandoned or proved too hard to execute, he said. It is also possible that the idea was to get onto the machines of officials who oversaw both registration and voting software. Elections are run by counties in the United States.  “Depending on the county’s configuration and security practices and what is separated from what, they could have access to potentially every aspect, from lists of registered voters, to voting  machines, to firmware on those machines, to the ballots that are presented, to the software that controls the final tally,” Blaze said. “This is the holy grail of what an attacker would want to compromise.”  Members of Congress said they hoped to learn more about the hacking attempts. “It’s important that the American people understand that the Russian attempts to break into a number of our state voting processes - we talked about this in the fall - was broad-based,” Democrat Mark Warner, vice chairman of the Senate Intelligence committee, told reporters. “It’s my hope in the coming days that we can get more information out about that.” ",1
3350,Taking a tough stance on summer: conservatives in U.S. House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Conservative Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives have taken a hard-line stance on yet another issue: the August recess. The House Freedom Caucus, known for bucking Republican leadership on legislation including healthcare, has taken an official position on the traditional five-week break Congress takes from Washington: They don’t want it. The Freedom Caucus supports “the House staying in session through the August recess to continue working to accomplish the priorities of the American people,” according to a brief statement the group issued late Tuesday. A spokeswoman for Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan, AshLee Strong, dismissed the idea of skipping the summer break. She said Republicans intend to stick to their agenda. Republicans control both the House and Senate, but Congress has failed to pass major legislation yet this year. Republican President Donald Trump urged legislative leaders on Tuesday to finish an overhaul of the healthcare system this summer. The White House also wants faster action on another Trump priority: tax cuts. But there are just seven weeks left until the August break - and one of them, the first week of July, Congress will be out to mark the July 4 Independence Day holiday. An attempt to repeal and replace former President Barack Obama’s Affordable Care Act passed the House in May but has not advanced in the Senate. Freedom Caucus leaders played a key role in first blocking the House healthcare legislation, then enabling it to pass after amendments were added allowing states to apply for waivers from insurance provisions that cover consumers with pre-existing conditions. ",1
3351,Senate tax chief says scope for tax cuts still unclear,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Finance Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch said on Wednesday it is not yet clear how big a tax cut Congress can deliver through tax reform, despite calls by President Donald Trump and other Republicans for steep reductions in business tax rates. Hatch, whose panel oversees tax policy in the Senate, told a Washington tax policy forum he could also accept a tax reform plan that expands the federal deficit, despite opposition from deficit hawks. Trump and other Republicans have promised the biggest overhaul of the U.S. tax system since the Reagan era. But the White House says a detailed proposal is not expected until September, allowing little time in 2017 for Congress to act on such a major piece of legislation. The White House wants to cut the corporate tax rate to 15 percent from 35 percent, while Republicans in the House of Representatives have proposed 20 percent. But Hatch said he is not committed to any rate targets, because discussions have yet to focus on specific policy changes, including the elimination of tax breaks, needed to help pay for rate reductions. “Until we perform the surgery and start eliminating preferences and credits in order to bring down rates ... we cannot speak definitively on the rate targets,” the Utah Republican said. “All of that is going to take some time,” he added, a day after joining Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, White House economic adviser Gary Cohn and Republican congressional leaders for a weekly tax reform meeting on Capitol Hill.  The Trump administration and congressional Republicans are trying to forge agreement on a tax reform package that can clear the House and Senate this year. The main challenge is the 100-member Senate, where Republicans cannot afford to lose more than two votes from their 52-seat majority. A top issue for debate is whether tax reform should avoid expanding the deficit by including policy changes that pay for tax cuts. “I don’t see a problem with a tax reform proposal that loses revenue in the short term, if we can show that it will help put our economy on a better growth path,” Hatch said.    “However, we do have some budget hawks in our conference who will have a difficult time supporting a package that adds to the deficit, and we’ll have to take that into account, because once again we can’t afford to lose too many votes.” ",1
3352,"NSA chief, intelligence director won't comment on Trump conversations","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Two top U.S. intelligence officials told a Senate committee on Wednesday they could not comment on conversations with President Donald Trump, in answer to questions on whether he tried to pressure them to curtail the government’s Russia probe. “I’m not going to talk about theoreticals and I’m not going to discuss the specifics of any interaction or conversations ... that I may or may not have had with the president of the United States,” Admiral Mike Rogers, head of the National Security Agency, said at a Senate Intelligence Committee hearing.  Similarly, Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats said it would be inappropriate for him to discuss his own conversations with the president in a public forum. ",1
3353,House Speaker does not rule out amendments to debt limit bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan on Wednesday did not rule out attaching amendments to legislation that would increase the nation’s debt ceiling. Asked if the bill could include legislative add-ons aimed at luring lawmaker votes, Ryan told reporters at a news conference that “I’m not foreclosing any option at this time.”  He added that Congress would address the issue before the United States hits its current debt ceiling limit. ",1
3354,U.S. House panel says its Russia probe continues after political feud,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Leaders of the U.S. House of Representatives probe of alleged Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. election said on Tuesday their investigation was continuing, they were working to obtain documents and they planned more public hearings. Representative Mike Conaway, who is leading the probe, and Representative Adam Schiff, the panel’s top Democrat, made a joint media appearance about the ongoing investigation days after a dispute between Republicans and Democrats over Republican calls to investigate actions by U.S. officials under former Democratic President Barack Obama. “There are questions all of us want answered,” Conaway told reporters. Democrats accused President Donald Trump, and the committee’s chairman, Republican Representative Devin Nunes, of using concerns related to the Obama administration to divert attention from allegations of collusion between Trump’s campaign and Russians attempting to interfere in the 2016 election. Nunes, a close Trump ally, recused himself from the Russia investigation following a secret visit he paid to White House officials. Schiff said the panel would like Jeh Johnson, who was homeland security secretary under Obama, to testify in a public hearing and then in a classified session. Schiff said he thought Johnson “would have insight” into a statement by the intelligence community on Oct. 7, 2016, about Russia’s conduct as well as interactions he had with state and local officials about the dangers to the U.S. election system of Russian activities. Schiff said he had not yet been in touch with Johnson on the matter. Schiff said the committee was following up requests for information made to witnesses. “At least a couple” had declined to comply voluntarily, so the committee issued subpoenas last week, he said. The panel is putting together a schedule for interviewing witnesses, after it receives the documents it has requested, Schiff added. Schiff and Conaway declined to take any questions from reporters. ",1
3355,Watergate 'pales' compared with Trump-Russia: former U.S. intelligence head,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - The Watergate scandal pales in comparison to events in Washington surrounding U.S. President Donald Trump and alleged links between his campaign and Russia, former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper said on Wednesday. Clapper questioned Trump’s continued pro-Russian stance, saying his sharing of intelligence with Russia “reflect either ignorance or disrespect, and either is very problematic”. “I think if you compare the two that Watergate pales, really, in my view, compared to what we’re confronting now,” Clapper told reporters in Canberra, Australia’s capital. The break-in at the Democratic National Committee headquarters in the Watergate Hotel in Washington in 1972, and subsequent cover-up, brought down former Republican U.S. President Richard Nixon in 1974. Clapper’s appearance in Canberra comes before highly anticipated testimony by sacked FBI director James Comey before the Senate intelligence committee on Thursday.  The committee is examining whether Trump’s campaign colluded with Russian officials to interfere in the U.S. presidential election. [nL1N1J320B] [nL1N1J31ZP] Trump in May removed Comey as director of FBI, despite a U.S. Justice Department probe into contacts between presidential aides and Russia, raising the specter of political interference in the investigation. Trump has called the probe a “witch hunt” and said there was no collusion between his campaign and Russia. Clapper said it was “inexplicable” that Trump continued his pro-Russia stance despite evidence Moscow sought to interfere in the 2016 U.S. presidential election. “His subsequent actions, sharing sensitive intelligence with the Russians and compromising its source, reflect either ignorance or disrespect and either is very problematic,” said Clapper.  Trump disclosed highly classified information about a planned Islamic State operation to Russia’s foreign minister in an Oval Office meeting in May, two U.S. officials have said.[nL2N1IH1O9] ",1
3356,Trump to give remarks on healthcare at 12:55 p.m. (1655 GMT): White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump will make remarks on health care later on Wednesday, the White House said, a day after he pressed Republican congressional leaders to complete their overhaul of the U.S. healthcare system. The Republican president will deliver the remarks at 12:55 p.m. (1655 GMT) during a visit to Ohio, where he is promoting an infrastructure initiative, the White House said in a statement. ",1
3357,White House's Cohn: 'All on board' to do tax reform this year: Fox,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - White House economic adviser Gary Cohn said on Wednesday he expected the U.S. Congress to get tax reform done this year, citing a productive meeting with Republican congressional leaders. “Yesterday was actually a very good day for us on tax reform,” Cohn said in an interview with Fox News. “We agreed on the schedule, we agreed on our objectives and we agreed on a time frame. We’re all on board to do it this year.” ",1
3358,Trump seeks legislative wins to cast off shadow of Russia probes,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump pressed Republican congressional leaders on Tuesday to complete their overhaul of the U.S. healthcare system as lawmakers said they were making progress on a contentious effort that threatens to overwhelm their legislative agenda.  In a White House meeting, Trump welcomed indications by senior Republicans that the Senate might vote on a healthcare bill in July, before it breaks for the summer, after the House of Representatives passed its own version in May. “Now the Senate I’m sure will follow suit and get a bill across the finish line this summer that will be great healthcare and I’m looking forward to seeing it,” Trump said. The gathering included Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, and his No. 2, Senator John Cornyn, along with House Speaker Paul Ryan and his deputies, Representatives Kevin McCarthy and Steve Scalise. Buffeted by criticism on many fronts, Trump wants faster action from his fellow Republicans who control Congress, pressing lawmakers to finish the job of dismantling the Obamacare healthcare law and move on quickly to another of his priorities: tax cuts. McConnell said Senate Republicans are “getting close” to a healthcare plan after he presented an outline at a lunchtime meeting but he declined to say when he might bring it up for a vote. Other senior Republicans say they hope to vote by early July. “The leader would like to do this soon,” Senator Orrin Hatch told reporters. The Senate requires a 60-vote supermajority to advance most legislation but Republican Mike Enzi, head of the Senate Budget Committee, said the health bill that passed the House qualifies for an expedited process that would require only 51 votes. Still, Republicans have little margin for error because they only control 52 seats in the 100-seat chamber and remain divided over key questions such as how quickly to scale back the Medicaid health plan for the poor. “You have to get 50 people - that means they have to get me and a lot of people who are concerned about Medicaid,” said Senator Shelly Moore Capito of West Virginia, a state that depends heavily on the program. Medicaid was expanded under Obamacare but the House bill would phase that expansion out in 2020. The Senate bill might keep the expansion in place beyond that date, said Republican Senator John Barrasso. Whatever the White House’s efforts to push ahead with policy plans, there will be a spotlight on testimony by James Comey, the FBI director fired by Trump last month, to the Senate Intelligence Committee on Thursday. Senators will question Comey on whether Trump tried to get him to back off an FBI investigation into ties between the president’s 2016 campaign and Russia, an attempt that critics have said could constitute obstruction of justice. Trump denies any collusion with Russia and has called the investigation a “witch hunt.” The Justice Department has appointed a special counsel to oversee its probe into the Russia issue and several congressional panels also are investigating the matter.   Elected on pledges to overhaul the healthcare system and slash taxes, Trump has yet to achieve a major legislative win, and time is running out before lawmakers leave Washington for the August break. There has been little progress on healthcare since the House passed its bill. McConnell told Reuters late last month he did not yet know how to amass the votes needed to pass a bill on  healthcare. He appeared to make some progress on Tuesday. Some Republican lawmakers praised an outline that McConnell presented at a lunchtime meeting, although they cautioned that much work remained to be done.  Senator Bill Cassidy said the plan offered more protections than the House bill for people who already have pre-existing illnesses when they apply for insurance coverage - a major point of contention. “I think personally they are moving in the right direction,” he said. The House healthcare bill could result in 23 million people losing insurance, according to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office. The bill also would reduce federal deficits by $119 billion between 2017 and 2026, according to the analysis.  Congress might then turn its focus to overhauling the tax code in September. While the administration would prefer that such changes not add to the national debt, Marc Short, Trump’s top aide on Capitol Hill, told reporters on Monday that the top priority would be cutting taxes. The Trump administration has outlined a broad plan that would cut tax rates for businesses and streamline the tax system for individuals. The proposal has been short on details, including how much the tax cuts would cost and what loopholes would be closed. Others are eager to move past healthcare as well. “We need to bring this to an end and move to taxes,” said Republican Senator Lindsey Graham. ",1
3359,Filmmaker Michael Moore launches 'TrumpiLeaks' website for whistleblowers,"LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Documentary filmmaker and liberal activist Michael Moore  launched a website called “TrumpiLeaks” on Tuesday to allow whistleblowers to securely leak information to him about U.S. President Donald Trump and his administration. “Patriotic Americans in government, law enforcement or the private sector with knowledge of crimes, breaches of public trust and misconduct committed by Donald J. Trump and his associates are needed to blow the whistle in the name of protecting the United States of America from tyranny,” Moore wrote in an open letter on the Huffington Post.  “I know this is risky. I knew we may get in trouble. But too much is at stake to play it safe,” Moore wrote.  Moore, 63, said that while no digital communication was 100 percent secure, he and his team had used the most secure technology possible to protect anonymity.  “TrumpiLeaks” was announced one day after the U.S. Department of Justice said that a 25-year-old U.S. intelligence contractor had been arrested and charged with leaking classified National Security Agency material related to Russian interference in the 2016 American presidential election to a news organization.Trump has called for a crackdown on leaks to the media. Moore, a longtime champion of liberal causes and outspoken  critic of Trump, is working on a documentary about the 2016 presidential election. His other films include “Fahrenheit 9/11,” which was a critical look at the presidency of George W. Bush and the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. The filmmaker gained fame with the 1989 documentary “Roger and Me” about his hometown of Flint, Michigan, and 2002’s “Bowling for Columbine.” The TrumpiLeaks site is a portal on Michael Moore’s personal website. His open letter was also posted on his homepage. Some U.S. news organizations including The Washington Post, Huffington Post, The New York Times, and ProPublica have links on their websites for the public to send information to journalists.  ",1
3360,N.J. favorites to succeed Christie head for November showdown,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - New Jersey’s Republican lieutenant governor and a former investment banker running as a Democrat will head to a November face-off to succeed two-term Republican Governor Chris Christie, primary election results showed on Tuesday. The front-runner in the Democratic primary, former Goldman Sachs Group Inc executive and one-time diplomat Phil Murphy, declared victory about 90 minutes after polls closed. Unofficial results posted on NJSpotlight.com showed him with more than twice as many votes as his nearest rival, former U.S. Treasury Department official Jim Johnson, in a six-way race. “I humbly accept your nomination to be the Democratic candidate for governor of the great state of New Jersey,” Murphy said on Twitter.  Lieutenant Governor Kim Guadagno, the Republican favorite to succeed Christie, also held a strong lead over four rivals in her party’s primary, earning nearly half of the votes cast. Election results showed Guadagno with 47 percent of the Republican vote, followed by state Assemblyman Jack Ciattarelli in second place with 31 percent. The two primary victors will face off in the general election in November to succeed Christie, a once-rising Republican star whose popularity has plunged in recent years. New Jersey and Virginia are the only two states holding gubernatorial elections this year. Earlier indications were that voter interest in the New Jersey gubernatorial primaries was low.  Murphy, who served as U.S. ambassador to Germany under former President Barack Obama, significantly out-spent his opponents, loaning $15 million to his own campaign. He was also endorsed by former Vice President Joe Biden and the state’s Democratic Party. With Christie frequently out on the stump for Donald Trump during the 2016 presidential campaign, Guadagno has spent months as acting governor. But she has also had to distance herself from the unpopular Republican incumbent and has sparred with Ciattarelli over her plan to raise taxes on millionaires. While Christie was re-elected with 60 percent of the vote in 2013, his recent approval rating dropped to 20 percent following his frequent absences, the state’s 11 credit-rating downgrades and transportation problems.  Christie has also been tarnished by the scandal in which two former aides were convicted for scheming to close down lanes at the George Washington Bridge in 2013 to punish a mayor for failing to endorse Christie’s re-election campaign. ",1
3361,Alaska governor urges budget compromise to avoid state shutdown,"(Reuters) - Alaska Governor Bill Walker urged state legislatures on Tuesday to compromise on a budget in order to avoid an unprecedented government shutdown next month. The state has a multibillion dollar deficit that must be sorted before July 1, the start of Alaska’ new fiscal year, in order to avoid shuttering government offices and services. Last week, Alaska warned thousands of state workers about potential layoffs unless legislators can agree on a fix to the fiscal crisis. The legislature has been convening through a special session, but Walker described the negotiations as in “a stalemate.” On Monday, Walker proposed a compromise package that would reduce the state’s deficit from at least $3.7 billion last year to a $300 million shortfall. “I’m not wild about the compromise,” said Walker, an independent, during a news conference on Tuesday. “But we’re running out of time.” Pete Kelly, a Republican representing Fairbanks and the Republican-led Senate president, told reporters on Tuesday evening that the governor’s message was “well received but that doesn’t mean we’ll agree to everything.” The Senate was evaluating the package, but a reduced budget was “still the priority,” Kelly said.  Leaders of the Democratic-controlled House declined to comment. Since 2013, Alaska has struggled with substantial consecutive budget deficits, in part caused by the state’s large reliance on oil revenues and the continued low prices of oil. The state has balanced its budget over the last few years by drawing $10 billion from its savings without adding new revenues. The state’s budget has been slashed from $7.8 billion in 2013 to $4.3 billion proposed for 2018.  “I know some people say, ‘We need to do some cuts.’ We’ve been doing that,” Walker said on Tuesday. “We have done that significantly.” Almost 2,300 state positions were eliminated in recent years, along with 70 state programs, and over 40 state facilities, such as prisons, youth detention, and motor vehicle sites, have been closed, Walker said. ",1
3362,Cautious Comey expected in U.S. hearing on Trump-Russia probes,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Former FBI chief James Comey will likely hold back from accusing President Donald Trump of trying to interfere with an  investigation into links between Trump’s election campaign team and Russian officials when he testifies in Congress this week, legal sources said. Comey’s highly anticipated appearance before the Senate Intelligence Committee on Thursday could be a turning point in a controversy that has rocked Trump’s young administration. In his first public remarks since Trump fired him last month, Comey is expected to tell the Senate Intelligence committee that Trump asked him during a meeting in the Oval Office to end the Federal Bureau of Investigation’s probe into ties between former White House national security adviser Michael Flynn and Russia. Comey may also detail other conversations with Trump.  Two legal experts said Comey would seek to avoid compromising a new inquiry led by Special Counsel Robert Mueller or separate congressional investigations. “I would expect him to hew pretty closely to facts and events,” said Jack Sharman, a partner at Lightfoot, Franklin and White and former special counsel to a congressional committee that investigated President Bill Clinton in the 1990s. Another source, who asked not to be named, said Comey does not see it as his role to charge the president or anyone else with obstruction of justice or any other crime. U.S. intelligence agencies concluded in a report declassified in January that Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered a campaign not just to undermine confidence in the U.S. electoral system, but to affect the election’s outcome. Comey told the House of Representatives intelligence committee on March 20 that the FBI was probing Moscow’s role in the election, including possible Trump campaign collusion. Trump fired Comey on May 9, a step that stunned Washington and intensified scrutiny of the matter. Michael Flynn, Trump’s national security adviser, was fired in February. The White House said he had misled Vice President Mike Pence about contacts Flynn had with Russia’s ambassador to the United States, Sergei Kislyak, before Trump took office. Federal prosecutors last month issued grand jury subpoenas seeking business records from people who worked with Flynn when he was a private citizen.  The Senate intelligence panel also issued its first subpoena in its Russia investigation, demanding documents from Flynn. The first roughly 600 pages of those documents were delivered on Tuesday.  ",1
3363,Senators grill U.S. education secretary on proposal to slash budget,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Education Secretary Betsy DeVos faced hostile questions from a Senate committee on Tuesday as she tried to win lawmakers over to President Donald Trump’s proposal to slash her department’s funding by 13 percent. DeVos, a Republican who narrowly won Senate approval for her post in February after strident opposition from Democrats and a few fellow party members, testified before the Senate appropriations subcommittee on education about the proposed budget Trump submitted to Congress last month. Trump’s plan to cut $9 billion from the Education Department’s budget would “improve educational opportunities” and shift the federal role in education, DeVos told the panel. “I understand those figures are alarming for many,” she said. “However, this budget refocuses the department on supporting states and school districts in their efforts to provide high-quality education to all our students.” Democrats took turns asking DeVos about the bigger budget line-items and talking about students who they say could be hurt by large spending cuts. The most pointed exchanges were on whether private schools that receive federal funds would have to agree not to discriminate against students. DeVos would only repeat that schools taking federal money must abide by U.S. law. But Senator Jeff Merkley and his fellow Democrats said she was refusing to answer the question because federal law is unclear in many areas of possible discrimination, such as the rights of transgendered people. Lawmakers are expected to alter Trump’s proposed budget before voting on it.  The subcommittee’s chair, conservative Republican Roy Blunt, said he believed Congress would not approve the budget as proposed. “Such a significant cut to the department’s budget is likely untenable,” Blunt said, pressing specifically to preserve funds for technical programs, work-study financial aid and the Special Olympics. Civil rights groups and Democrats say the budget would send public dollars to private companies, disband after-school care, hurt schools in poor neighborhoods, shrink the ranks of teachers, and make it harder for many to afford college.  DeVos is currently working on major transformations in student loans. The budget suggests changing income-based repayment plans and ending loan forgiveness for workers in the public sector, which DeVos said would clear up confusion around the loans. With the stated aim of giving parents more choices for their children’s education, DeVos and Republicans support charter schools, which are publicly funded but operate independently, frequently by corporations, as well as subsidies to help pay private-school tuition. Many Republicans on the panel applauded the budget’s proposal to boost such “school choice” programs. But the subcommittee’s senior Democrat, Patty Murray, said the cuts “highlight the ways that the policies and priorities you and President Trump are pushing would hurt students, hurt communities, and represent a clear broken promise to workers and the middle class.”  ",1
3364,Trump says ahead of former FBI Director Comey's testimony: 'I wish him luck',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump had a brief message for former FBI Director James Comey on Tuesday ahead of Comey’s Thursday testimony to the U.S. Congress on his conversations with Trump about Russia.”I wish him luck,” Trump told reporters as he met with Republican congressional leaders. ",1
3365,Former Corinthian college students await loan relief: U.S. states,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Education Department has left thousands of student-loan borrowers who were defrauded by Corinthian Colleges Inc in limbo by prolonging a process created by the Obama administration that was supposed to speedily cancel their debts, according to 20 state attorneys general and regulators. In the final months that President Barack Obama, a Democrat, was in office the department finalized a regulation easing the way for students from struggling for-profit colleges such as Corinthian and ITT Tech to quickly receive debt relief that they were entitled to by law.  In a letter sent on Monday to U.S. Education Secretary Betsy DeVos, the state attorneys general said they were concerned about growing backlogs of applications for the relief and of loans approved for discharge that simply need a sign-off. The letter, signed by the top lawyers of Illinois, California, Massachusetts and other states, was released on Tuesday. They said they were particularly troubled that some borrowers had been notified their loans were eligible for fast discharge under the regulation but that the cancellation has not yet happened. According to the letter, the Department stated in January it had notified 23,000 borrowers that their loan forgiveness should be complete within the 60 to 120 days, but in many cases loans have not been canceled.  That means some of Corinthian’s students could still be on the hook for monthly payments or possibly face debt collection. Work on discharging loans that have been approved is underway, according to Education Department Press Secretary Liz Hill. “We are working with servicers to get these loans discharged as expeditiously as possible,” Hill said in a statement. “Some borrowers should expect to obtain discharges within the next few weeks.” Virginia Attorney General Mark Herring said about 5,000 past Corinthian students in the state received letters last December directing to apply on-line for relief. Since then, his office has received queries about delays in the process.    “Delay in canceling this debt, especially for students who have already been approved, could put even greater financial strain on students in Virginia and around the country,” he said in a statement. Amid federal and state investigations in 2015 into its post-graduation rates, for-profit Corinthian filed for bankruptcy and abruptly closed its 28 schools. ",1
3366,U.S. Patent and Trademark Office head Michelle Lee resigns,"(Reuters) - U.S. Patent and Trademark Office Director Michelle Lee, who has won praise from technology companies for taking steps to minimize abusive patent litigation, resigned from her position on Tuesday, a spokesman for the agency has confirmed. She joined the agency in 2012 and became interim director in 2013 before being formerly nominated as director by then-President Barack Obama in 2014.  Some inventors and patent licensing companies had opposed Lee, who was previously an in-house lawyer for Alphabet Inc’s Google. The patent office is a division of the U.S. Department of Commerce that reviews applications for patents and trademarks. The agency is also empowered to cancel patents it has issued. Lee has been viewed favorably by the technology industry for ushering in more stringent standards for software patents. More than 50 companies, including Facebook Inc and Cisco Systems Inc, sent a letter to President Donald Trump and U.S. Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross in April urging them to retain Lee as director of the patent office.  The companies said in the letter that Lee’s efforts at the patent office had led to a decrease in abusive litigation filed by so-called “patent trolls.” The Trump administration has yet to put forth a nominee for the position, which required Senate confirmation. ",1
3367,U.S. Congress plans self-driving car legislation to speed rollout,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Congress is working on national self-driving vehicle legislation that could replace state-by state rules and make it easier for automakers to test and deploy the technology, senior U.S. House and Senate lawmakers told Reuters on Tuesday. The chairman of the influential House Energy and Commerce Committee said he planned to unveil a package of legislation to overhaul federal rules governing self-driving vehicles. “We’re getting very close. I think it’s a good package. We’ve put a lot of work into it,” Representative Greg Walden of Oregon said in an interview, adding that there was “good bipartisan agreeement” and he hoped to unveil and take up the package in the next month or two. Senator John Thune, a Republican who chairs the Senate Commerce Committee, is also working on a legislative self-driving proposal with Senator Gary Peters, a Michigan Democrat. “We’re not there yet but we are getting closer,” Thune said.  Thune and Walden spoke to Reuters on Tuesday after getting a ride in a self-driving Audi, a unit of Volkswagen AG (VOWG_p.DE). Companies such as Alphabet Inc and Ford Motor Co are aggressively pursuing automated technologies and want unified federal regulations to replace outdated rules and make it simpler to develop and eventually sell the technology across the country. This spring, Republican staff drafted a summary of 16 potential legislative proposals on federal reforms and regulations that they circulated to automakers and which was seen by Reuters.  Among proposals under consideration is one to allow the U.S. Transportation Department to exempt up to 100,000 autonomous vehicles from current safety standards, which were written on the assumption responsibility for a car’s operation rested with the human driver. The existing motor vehicle safety standards bar the sale of vehicles without steering wheels and gas pedals, for example. Alphabet Inc’s Waymo unit has called for those rules  be changed. Another proposal would prohibit a state from restricting testing by a manufacturer of up to 250 vehicles and comes as automakers have sparred with California over revisions to its self-driving car testing rules.  Thune said he planned to hold a hearing on June 14 about self-driving car issues but did not put a specific timetable on introducing legislation. He said he wanted to avoid a “patchwork” of regulations from 50 different states on self-driving cars and look at cybersecurity and other issues. “The key thing is to make sure we stay in the lead on the innovation that there aren’t unnecessary roadblocks in the way, balancing that with safety,” Walden said. On Monday, the U.S. Transportation Department said it would unveil revised self-driving guidelines within the next few months, responding to automakers’ calls for regulations to sanction costly efforts to put autonomous vehicles on the road. The voluntary guidelines would provide direction to states on self-driving cars as Congress works to set more permanent rules to oversee autonomous vehicles. But legislation might not be approved this year and states and automakers are eager for guidance from regulators in the interim. Vehicle crashes annually kill more than 35,000 people on U.S. roads and injure 2.4 million. Walden said the goal was to get self-driving cars on the roads in big numbers so in a generation people would say: “‘What a bunch of barbarians - they drove themselves? Are you kidding me? And look at how many died every year and they thought that was acceptable?’” ",1
3368,Trump's blocking of Twitter users violates U.S. Constitution: rights institute,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A free-speech institute on Tuesday sent a letter to President Donald Trump demanding the prolific tweeter unblock certain Twitter (TWTR.N) users on grounds the practice violates the First Amendment of the U.S. Constitution. Trump’s @realDonaldTrump account recently blocked a number of accounts that replied to his tweets with commentary that criticized, mocked or disagreed with his actions. Twitter users are unable to see or respond to tweets from accounts that block them.  The Knight First Amendment Institute at Columbia University in New York said in its letter that the blocking suppressed speech in a public forum protected by the Constitution. The White House did not respond to a request for comment. Twitter Inc said it had no comment. Alex Abdo, the institute’s senior staff attorney, likened Twitter to a modern form of town hall meeting or public comment periods for government agency proposals, both venues where U.S. law requires even-handed treatment of speech. Eric Goldman, a Santa Clara University law professor who focuses on internet law, said that previous cases involving politicians blocking users on Facebook (FB.O) supported the Knight Institute’s position. If the institute should sue, Trump could claim his @realDonaldTrump account is for personal use and separate from his official duties as president, Goldman said. But he called that defense “laughable.” Trump also has a presidential @POTUS Twitter account. The Knight Institute said its arguments would apply with “equal force” to both accounts.  Trump’s Twitter use has drawn intense media attention for his unvarnished commentary about his agenda and attacks on critics. His tweets are often retweeted tens of thousands of times, and can shape the news cycle.  Legal experts have said his tweets may directly affect policy. A chain of postings about his travel ban may hamper his administration’s defense in courts. The letter said Trump or his aides blocked the accounts @AynRandPaulRyan and @joepabike, belonging to songwriter Holly O’Reilly and professional cyclist and author Joseph M. Papp, respectively. O’Reilly was blocked on May 28 after posting a brief animated clip of Pope Francis appearing uncomfortable during a meeting with Trump with a caption, “this is pretty much how the whole world sees you,” the letter said. Papp learned he was blocked on June 4 after responding to a Trump tweet with a tweet labeling the president a “#fake leader.” The accounts are just two of several that have been blocked by Trump or his aides, Abdo said. ",1
3369,Texas governor calls legislative session; could include bathroom bill,"AUSTIN, Texas (Reuters) - The Republican governor of Texas on Tuesday called for a special state legislative session that could allow lawmakers to adopt a bill to restrict access to bathrooms for transgender people, viewed by critics as discriminatory and economically damaging. Governor Greg Abbott, who sets the agenda for special sessions, told a news conference the session would begin in July and the first item of business would be approving a bill that keeps some state agencies open.  If approved by the Senate, he then would allow for consideration of nearly 20 other items, including a bathroom bill. “At a minimum we need a law that protects the privacy of our children in our public schools,” Abbott said. Political and business analysts said passage of such a bill would put Texas, the most powerful Republican-controlled state, in the spotlight on an issue that has been a flashpoint in U.S. culture wars.   The issue has opened divisions in the Republican party, which dominates Texas politics, pitting the pro-business establishment wing against the powerful socially conservative wing, which says a bathroom law is a common-sense measure needed to protect privacy. A similar law in North Carolina, partially repealed in March, prompted the relocation of sporting events and economic boycotts that were estimated to have cost the state hundreds of millions of dollars.  The stakes are far higher in Texas, which has an economy larger than Russia’s. The Texas Legislature meets every other year. In March, the Senate passed a bill backed by social conservative Republican Lieutenant Governor Dan Patrick that would require people to use restrooms in public schools and buildings that correspond with the gender on their birth certificate, not the gender with which they identify. The Texas Association of Business, the state’s largest employer group, called the legislation, known as Senate Bill 6, discriminatory, and said it would hurt businesses trying to attract talent. It said the state could lose about $5.6 billion through 2026 if enacted.  SB 6 died in the House when the regular session ended in late May. Republican Speaker Joe Straus, seen as representing the party’s business wing, has said the legislation was unnecessary and could cause economic damage. If a tough bathroom bill is enacted, Straus’ San Antonio constituency could lose its rights to host the men’s NCAA Final Four basketball championship next year, an event expected to bring in more than $200 million in revenue. ",1
3370,"Trump's UK visit on despite criticism, says foreign secretary","LONDON (Reuters) - British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson said on Tuesday he saw no reason to cancel Donald Trump’s state visit to Britain after the U.S. president criticized Mayor Sadiq Khan’s response to the London Bridge killings. Prime Minister Theresa May called Trump’s comments “wrong.” Trump has lambasted Khan on Twitter, accusing him of making a “pathetic excuse,” for saying Londoners should not be alarmed by the sight of additional police on the streets of the British capital after Saturday’s attack that killed seven people. “The invitation has been issued and accepted and I see no reason to change that, but as far as what Sadiq Khan has said about the reassurances he’s offered the people of London, I think he was entirely right to speak in the way he did,” Johnson said in a BBC radio interview when asked whether Trump’s state visit should be canceled. No date has been set for the visit, which was agreed during May’s visit to Washington in January and seen as a sign of her desire to maintain good ties with Britain’s traditional close ally as Trump began his presidency. The Conservative prime minister has said Khan is doing a good job, echoing public sentiment across London. On Tuesday, May told a political rally in response to a question about Trump’s tweets, “I think Donald Trump was wrong in the things that he has said about Sadiq Khan.”  Trump and Khan, the son of Pakistani immigrants and the first Muslim elected as London’s mayor, have been at odds since Khan denounced as “ignorant” Trump’s campaign pledge to impose a temporary ban on Muslims entering the United States. Since taking office on Jan. 20, Trump has ordered temporary travel restrictions on people from several Muslim-majority countries, although the ban is currently held up by federal courts. Asked on Tuesday about the London visit, White House spokesman Sean Spicer said only that Trump intended to go and that “he appreciates her majesty’s gracious invitation.” Asked on Monday evening if he would like Trump’s visit to be called off, Khan, a member of Britain’s opposition Labour party, said his position remained the same. “I don’t think we should roll out the red carpet to the president of the USA in the circumstances where his policies go against everything we stand for,” Khan told Channel 4 News. Tim Farron, leader of the opposition Liberal Democrats, also has urged May to cancel the visit, saying Trump was insulting Britain’s values “at a time of introspection and mourning.” Former Democratic U.S. presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, defeated by Trump last November, praised Khan’s performance in dealing with the attacks.  Speaking at a fundraising event on Monday, she did not name Trump but said it was “not the time to lash out, to incite fear and use trash talk and terror for political gain,” the Washington Examiner reported. Deputy White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders told reporters on Monday that she did not think it was correct to characterize Trump’s tweets as “picking a fight” with Khan.  Asked if Trump was attacking the mayor because he is Muslim, Sanders replied: “Not at all. And I think to suggest something like that is utterly ridiculous.” Trump’s oldest son, Donald Trump Jr., defended his father. “Every time he puts something out there he gets criticized by the media. All day, every day,” Trump Jr. said in an interview with ABC’s “Good Morning America” broadcast on Tuesday.   “And guess what, he’s been proven right about it, every time. We keep saying, ‘It’s going to be great’ and ‘Hold fast,’ ‘We’re going to keep calm and carry on.’ Maybe we have to keep calm and actually do something,” he said. He was referring to a World War Two-era slogan of resilience, to “keep calm and carry on”, that Britons have echoed following the London attack. British author J.K. Rowling said on Tuesday that if a state visit did go ahead, Trump’s tweets related to the attack should be enlarged and shown wherever he goes. “I’d rather he didn’t come, but if he does, I’d like his vile Tweets juxtaposed against whatever he’s been coaxed to read off an autocue,” Rowling, celebrated for her Harry Potter books and a frequent critic of Trump, wrote on Twitter. ",1
3371,Possible ruling soon on Illinois Medicaid payment priority,"CHICAGO (Reuters) - A U.S. judge could determine as soon as Tuesday whether Illinois’ obligation to make payments to Medicaid providers under a federal consent decree takes precedence over state-mandated payments for debt service, pensions and other priorities. Judge Joan Lefkow said she will rule on a motion by healthcare advocates concerned that Illinois’ ongoing budget impasse and its resulting backlog of nearly $14.7 billion in unpaid bills is harming Medicaid recipients’ access to medical care. David Chizewer, a lawyer representing the recipients, told Lefkow earlier on Tuesday that a court determination giving precedence to Medicaid payments could lead to a compromise with the state over the next few days. Otherwise, the plaintiffs are asking the court to begin contempt proceedings against the nation’s fifth-largest state. Illinois officials have warned that an increase in priority payments could push the cash-strapped state to the point where court-mandated spending could exceed available revenue. [nL1N1IY2GV] Each month, priority payments of $1.85 billion are allocated to schools, local governments, payroll, bonds and consent decrees, consuming 90 percent of Illinois’ monthly revenue, according to a court document filed by the state. Both sides told Lefkow on Tuesday that they failed to reach a compromise on speeding money to managed-care organizations participating in the Medicaid program, which provides health services to 3 million poor and disabled Illinois residents. The plaintiffs are from cases dating back to 1992 and that resulted in federal consent decrees requiring the state to continue to make Medicaid payments despite its budget problems. Illinois is limping toward the June 30 end of a second-straight fiscal year without a complete spending plan due to a political stalemate between its Republican governor and Democrats who control the legislature.  Lawmakers ended their spring session last week without a fiscal 2018 budget deal, triggering downgrades that pushed Illinois’ credit ratings from S&P and Moody’s Investors Service to a step above junk. [nL1N1IY1R2] Brent Stratton, an assistant Illinois attorney general, said the issue is not that the state is unwilling to pay Medicaid providers, but that it is unable to pay them promptly. He told the judge that missing “high priority” payments on Illinois’ roughly $30 billion of general obligation bonds would result in a default, while skipping payments to public school districts could force some to shut down. S&P has warned that Illinois’ budget crisis could lead to bond payments being squeezed out by other spending priorities. ",1
3372,"Despite Trump vow to end catch and release, he is still freeing thousands of migrants","McAllen, Texas (Reuters) - Standing on the bluffs of Roma, Texas on a May afternoon two border patrol agents look out over the meandering Rio Grande River that separates Mexico from the United States and recall a time when the scene was far less tranquil.      Last fall, during the waning months of the Obama administration, hundreds of immigrants crossed the river on rafts at this point each day, many willingly handing themselves over to immigration authorities in hopes of being released into the United States to await court proceedings that would decide their fate.     Now, the agents look out on an empty landscape. Foot paths up from the water have started to disappear under growing brush, with only the stray baby shoe or toothbrush serving as reminders of that migrant flood.     The reason for the change, the agents say, is a perception in Mexico and Central America that President Donald Trump has ended the practice known as “catch-and-release,” in which immigrants caught in the United States without proper documents were released to live free, often for years, as their cases ran through the court system. Now, would-be border violators know “they’ll be detained and then turned right back around,” said one of the two agents, Marlene Castro. “It’s not worth it anymore,” she said.  Castro was simply echoing her boss, Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly, who said on a visit to El Paso, Texas in April, “We have ended dangerous catch-and-release enforcement policies.” But immigration attorneys, government statistics and even some officials from U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, which falls under Kelly, suggest that despite the DHS chief’s statement, there has been no clear change to the catch-and-release policy. That’s in large part because there are legal constraints on who can be detained and for how long, due to a shortage of beds and a court ruling limiting the stay of women and children in custody to 21 days.      A separate court ruling limits detention time for immigrants whose countries refuse to repatriate them. And Kelly noted in a February memorandum that asylum seekers that have proven they have a “credible fear” of returning home could be candidates for release if they present “neither a security risk nor a risk of absconding.” Daniel Bible, ICE field office director for Southern Texas, told Reuters he and his colleagues have not been issued new directions, and so continue to release illegal immigrants deemed to be low security risks, usually with notices to appear in court. “We look at each case the same way we always have,” Bible said.  DHS spokeswoman Jenny Burke confirmed to Reuters that the agency has not issued new guidance for releasing migrants caught at the border.  Asked to explain why there had been no new guidance, given Kelly’s statement in April, Burke said, “ICE officers make custody determinations on a case-by-case basis, prioritizing detention resources.” In a memo made public in February, Kelly defined catch and release as any policy that allows immigrants to be released from detention while they await their court hearings, making it easy to abscond. Ending catch and release was one of Trump’s central promises during the 2016 presidential campaign. Some advocates who work with migrants say they have seen little change since Trump came into office. “Sure, people are still being released,” said Kevin Appleby, senior director of international migration policy at the Center for Migration Studies. “Not because they believe in releasing them, but because there are not enough beds at the moment.”  ICE declined to provide data on the number of migrants being released into the United States. But other ICE data not previously published and reviewed by Reuters shows the pool of people not in custody and awaiting court appearances is growing.  Since Trump took office in late January, the number of immigrants awaiting court proceedings while living freely in the United States has grown by nearly 30,000, rising by an average of about 7,500 per month, according to the ICE data. During the last seven months of President Barack Obama’s presidency, the rolls of those awaiting legal proceedings outside of custody grew more rapidly, at an average of about 20,600 people per month. Part of the slower rate under Trump can be traced to a 58 percent drop in apprehensions of people crossing the border. Still, the numbers suggest the Trump administration is a long way from ending catch-and-release.  NumbersUSA, a Washington-based organization that supports limited immigration, praised the Trump administration’s tough talk and its chilling effect on illegal immigration. “That impact will be temporary, though, unless the administration follows through by ending ‘catch and release’ for good,” it said. The Trump administration though has come up against the reality that there simply is not enough space in detention centers.  Congress has funded about 34,000 beds to detain immigration violators, and the average daily population of detainees has been near or above capacity since before Trump took office.       One way the administration hopes to free up detention space is to decrease the time it takes to resolve cases.  The Justice Department has requested funding to hire an additional 125 immigration judges over the next two years, an increase of 50 percent.  In the meantime, some border officials hope would-be migrants remain nervous. When told that ICE detention centers are still releasing many immigrants to live in the United States, Castro and her border agent colleague, who declined to be named, exchanged a look and then shrugged. “Don’t tell them that,” her colleague said. -See a related photo essay here reut.rs/2qZcutn ",1
3373,Republican officials from 16 states back Trump in travel ban fight,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican officials from 16 U.S. states led by Texas said on Tuesday they have come to the defense of President Donald Trump’s ban on travelers from six Muslim-majority nations, telling the Supreme Court the order did not unconstitutionally single out Muslims and was needed to protect national security. The officials filed a legal brief with the Supreme Court as it mulls whether to take up the Trump administration’s appeal of lower court rulings blocking the travel ban signed by the Republican president on March 6 and let it go into effect. In the states’ brief, filed on Monday, Texas Solicitor General Scott Keller wrote that the executive order does not mention religion at all and distinguishes people based only on nationality. “The executive order therefore is emphatically not a ‘Muslim ban,’” Keller wrote. Keller added that courts should be careful when second-guessing a president’s national security determinations, an argument that echoes the administration’s view that the judiciary should defer to the president on such matters. The brief said the order did not violation the Constitution’s ban on the government favoring or disfavoring any particular religion or its guarantee of due process. The filing came after the administration asked the high court last Thursday to allow the order to take effect. [nL1N1IZ03Q] Aside from Texas, the officials were Republican state attorneys general from Alabama, Arizona, Arkansas, Florida, Kansas, Louisiana, Montana, North Dakota, Ohio, Oklahoma, South Carolina, South Dakota, Tennessee and West Virginia, as well as Mississippi’s Republican governor. Three Republican attorneys general came from states with Democratic governors: Louisiana, Montana and West Virginia. Most of the states had also backed Trump earlier in the litigation. Many Democratic state officials have opposed the ban in lower courts. The high court is due to review legal papers filed by the ban’s challengers, backed by the American Civil Liberties Union, before acting. The briefs are due on Monday. A key issue before the justices in whether Trump’s comments during the 2016 president campaign, including calling for “a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States,” can be used as evidence that his order was intended to discriminate against Muslims.  The administration filed emergency applications with the justices seeking to block lower court rulings that went against Trump’s order barring entry for people from Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen for 90 days while the U.S. government implements stricter visa screening. Trump’s order also called for suspending all refugee admissions for 120 days. The move comes after the Richmond, Virginia-based 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals on May 25 upheld a Maryland judge’s ruling blocking the order. [nL1N1IR1FY]  Potentially making it harder for his lawyers to win at the Supreme Court, Trump again commented on the case on Monday, tweeting complaints that his own administration had issued a “watered down, politically correct version” of an earlier order he signed on Jan. 27 that also was blocked by courts. [nL1N1J209L] ",1
3374,Mnuchin says trade focus with China is issue specific,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said on Tuesday that the Trump administration’s approach to improving its economic relationship with China prioritizes specific issues rather than a bilateral investment agreement. “I think what we’re looking for is, opposed to just negotiating a large agreement, we’re looking to negotiate very specific issues that deal with market issues today, deal with market fairness today, deal with opening their markets... that’s really our focus. Once we make progress on that we can turn to the bilateral investment agreement,” Mnuchin said at an event held at the U.S.-China Business Council in Washington.  ",1
3375,U.S. small businesses to lobby Congress to oppose border tax,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - About 60 small business owners and a representative from retailer Big Lots will hold meetings with members of Congress this week in an effort to oppose a proposed ‘border adjustment tax’, organizers said. Retailers led by large stores including Target, Best Buy and Autozone are trying to get Republicans to abandon the tax as a piece of any sweeping tax reform. The measure would impose a tax on imports while favoring domestic production.  The meetings, which will begin on Tuesday and conclude on Thursday, will include lawmakers and staff from several states including Arizona, Indiana, Ohio and Pennsylvania, focusing on districts represented by members who have not taken a position on the tax or sit on the Ways and  Means Committee. They hope to convince them to oppose the tax. The meetings are the latest effort by retailers to lobby lawmakers to not support a tax they say would increase consumer prices for imported goods. U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan has remained a driving force behind the border tax proposal, arguing that economic forces will keep the tax from raising consumer prices. The future of the tax remains shaky. President Donald Trump has refused to endorse it and many Republicans in the House and Senate are opposed. Furthermore, the effort to pass tax reform has stalled. Marc Short, the White House director of legislative affairs, said on Monday in a briefing with reporters that tax rate cuts remained a priority, a signal that sweeping tax reform could be dropped in favor of just reducing tax levels. But Joshua Baca, a spokesman for the coalition opposing the tax called Americans for Affordable Products, said they will continue to fight against it. “The fight is not done. The people who control the process are still very much in favor of the border adjustment tax,” Baca said. Emmett Kelly owns a gun store in Conroe, Texas, in the congressional district of Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady, an advocate for the tax. Kelly will travel to Washington to argue tax would be devastating for gun retailers, noting that he imports about 80 percent of his inventory. “Everybody that I’ve talked to has shuddered when they heard what this border adjustment tax is going to cost,” he said. Peter Sides, owner of the Robert M. Sides Family Music Centers which has five locations in Pennsylvania and New York, said 95 percent of the instruments and accessories sold in his store are imported. A price increase will hit his more frequent customers hardest - families with children with a budding interest in music.  “It all adds up – and it’s not just what happens to us, you’re asking a family to take on the chin a 15-20 percent across-the-board expense increase for anything that’s imported,” Sides said. ",1
3376,"Mexico to cut share of refined sugar sent to U.S., minister says","MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexico will reduce the proportion of refined sugar it can export to the United States to 30 percent under a new agreement likely to be announced later today, Mexican Economy Minister Ildefonso Guajardo said on Mexican radio on Tuesday. Currently, the proportion of refined sugar exports from total sugar exports Mexico can send to the United States is 53 percent.  ",1
3377,Trump's 'been clear to me' to try to rebuild Russia ties: Tillerson,"WELLINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump told his top diplomat that the dispute over probes into links between his inner circle and Russia should not undermine U.S. efforts to rebuild relations with Moscow, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Tuesday. Speaking in New Zealand after a trip to Australia, Tillerson reiterated the U.S. commitment to the Asia-Pacific region as global leaders have expressed growing mistrust over the Trump administration, which has withdrawn from key international agreements since taking office. At home, Trump’s administration has been plagued by questions over links to the Russian government. Tillerson said Trump told him to try to improve ties with Russia regardless of the U.S. political backdrop. “I can’t really comment on any of that because I don’t have any direct knowledge,” Tillerson told a news conference in Wellington, when asked how worried he was that the U.S. political crisis could take down the Trump administration. “The president’s been clear to me: do not let what’s happened over here in the political realm prevent you from the work that you need to do on this relationship and he’s been quite clear with me... that we might make progress. I’m really not involved in any of these other issues,” he said after a meeting with New Zealand Prime Minister Bill English. U.S. intelligence agencies concluded in January that Moscow tried to tilt the election campaign in Trump’s favor, including by hacking into the emails of senior Democrats, a charge the Kremlin denies. Trump has denied any collusion but the FBI and congressional probes into the Russia matter have dogged the early months of his presidency. Tillerson said the Asia-Pacific region remained “extremely important” for the United States both in terms of national security and economic interests.  The Trump administration has come under fire for withdrawing from the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal and more recently the Paris Climate accord - both key to the region and to the small island nation of New Zealand. His visit was met by protesters, who threw condoms filled with water at a figure of Trump in front of parliament, protesting against the U.S. withdrawal from the Paris agreement and urging English to take a tougher stance, according to media. “We do believe that engaging globally remains important and we will be seeking ways to remain engaged and there are many ways we can do that, through the U.N. intergovernmental panel on climate change as well as economic and trade forums that we will obviously be very active in as well,” he said. The visit also comes at a time when China, one of New Zealand’s top trading and diplomatic partners, is projecting itself as the leader of free trade particularly in the Asia-Pacific region. ",1
3378,Trump decides against Russia 'war room' in the White House: official,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump has opted not to set up a “war room” in the White House to serve as a rapid-response team to answer accusations involving an investigation into his campaign’s ties to Russia, a White House official said on Tuesday. Any such rapid-response team, the official said, is instead likely to be a function of Trump’s outside counsel, Marc Kasowitz. White House officials had been discussing the possibility of hiring former Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski to spearhead an internal “war room” to battle the various controversies emanating from a Justice Department probe into contacts between Trump aides and Russia. “If it exists, it won’t be here,” the White House official told Reuters. “It would most likely be outside the White House.” But it is possible, the official added, that the White House could beef up its rapid-response operation as it does some retooling of Trump’s communications effort. The official said it made more sense from a legal standpoint to have any Russia war room operation outside of the White House. Trump fired James Comey, former director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, on May 9 amid accusations that the president was trying to squelch a federal probe into the Russia claims. Comey is to testify before the U.S. Congress on Thursday to lay out the details of his conversations with the president about Russia before the firing. Trump has called the probe a “witch hunt” and said there was no collusion between his campaign and Russia. ",1
3379,Mexico not a NAFTA 'back door' for Chinese goods: economy minister,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Mexican Economy Secretary Ildefonso Guajardo said on Tuesday that the North American Free Trade Agreement’s rules of origin can be improved but denied that Mexico was a “back door” for Chinese goods to enter the United States. Speaking in a live interview on CNBC, Guajardo also said he believed there were grounds to believe that NAFTA can be renegotiated to benefit the United States, Canada and Mexico. He said, however, that “Plan B” for Mexico would be to revert to World Trade Organization tariff rates for exports to the United States such as the 2.5 percent tariff for passenger cars. “Obviously, (it is) a little bit more expensive, but it’s not the end of the world,” he added. He said that the Chinese content of cars traded between North American countries was very low, about 3 percent, largely using parts that are no longer produced in the region, such as flat panel display screens and other electronic items. “This idea that Mexico is being used as a back door for Chinese imports into the U.S. is not the right one,” he said. Under the current NAFTA agreement, motor vehicles must have 62.5 percent North American content, a figure that U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross has said is too low and allows for too much content from other regions to benefit from NAFTA tariff-free status. Guajardo warned that raising the bar too high on North American content could make the region less competitive. “We can make an effort to strengthen that, no question about it. But if you go too far, you may be shooting yourself in the foot, because you’re losing competitiveness,” he said. Negotiations to modernize the 23-year-old NAFTA trade deal are expected to start after Aug. 16, at the conclusion of a U.S. government consultation period with lawmakers, industries and the public. Guajardo also said that he and Ross were close to announcing an agreement on sugar trade between the two countries.  ",1
3380,"U.S., Mexico nearing deal on sugar: Mexico's Guajardo","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States and Mexico are close to announcing that they have struck a deal on sugar trade, Mexican Minister of Economy Ildefonso Guajardo said in an interview on CNBC on Tuesday. Guajardo told CNBC the agreement would likely be announced at a planned news conference later on Tuesday with U.S.  Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross after negotiators worked on minor technicalities overnight.  ",1
3381,Democrats aim to turn anti-Trump sentiment into votes in Virginia,"WOODBRIDGE, Va. (Reuters) - Legislative candidate Jennifer Carroll Foy’s first bid for office puts her on the front lines of a Virginia statewide election being watched for early hints on how voters feel about President Donald Trump. Citing Trump’s victory as a tipping point that pushed her to run, the 35-year-old public defender is one of 49 Democrats vying for Republican-held seats in the state’s House of Delegates, up from 29 two years ago. The races will test whether Democrats can convert Virginians’ unfavorable opinion of the Republican president in polls into votes and start clawing back some of the almost 1,000 legislative seats lost nationwide under Democratic President Barack Obama. Foy, long frustrated by her state legislature’s attitude toward women’s rights, is seeking a suburban Washington seat in one of the 17 Republican-controlled districts that voted for Democrat Hillary Clinton last year. “Trump was just confirmation that we’re regressing and not progressing,” Foy told Reuters. “Enough is enough. If it’s not me (to run), then who? If it’s not now, then when?” Republicans hold a 66-34 advantage in the lower house of the Virginia legislature. Stephen Farnsworth, a political analyst at the University of Mary Washington in Fredericksburg, expects Democrats will make significant gains, especially by focusing on suburban districts. But a takeover of the chamber would require a collapse of Trump supporters, he told Reuters. “A Democratic majority in the House of Delegates is going to require a tidal wave,” Farnsworth said. The national mood has made Virginia Democrats hopeful. Opposition to Trump has galvanized hundreds of thousands of Americans and fueled huge turnouts at street protests since the  New York real estate developer’s January inauguration.  A poll by the Washington Post and George Mason University’s Schar School out May 22 showed 59 percent of Virginia voters disapproved of Trump’s performance, compared with 36 percent who approved. “We’ve got two things going for us in this upcoming election, and that’s going to keep energy high,” said David Toscano, Democratic leader in the Virginia House. “Voting for somebody, and also voting against somebody.” Mark Walter, president of the national Republican State Leadership Committee, said his party was watching Virginia but that it was difficult to tell how voter feelings about Trump would affect the races.  In New Jersey, the only other state holding statewide elections this fall, Democrats already control both chambers. The Virginia Republican Party is unfazed by the surge of challengers. Republicans had $6.5 million for House races by the end of March, compared with the Democrats’ $2.8 million, according to the most recent numbers from the state elections department.     “We’re doing what we’ve always done,” Chairman John Whitbeck said in an interview with Reuters. “Raise a lot of money, knock on a lot of doors and win a lot of seats.”     Toscano, the House Democratic leader, said his party’s candidates would use congressional Republicans’ efforts to repeal the Affordable Care Act, Obama’s signature domestic legacy, as a campaign issue, as well as Trump’s brief hiring freeze for most federal workers. The party also will cite Democratic Governor Terry McAuliffe’s legacy of adding thousands of new jobs and billions in capital investment as a selling point, Toscano said.  McAuliffe cannot run again due to term limits, but the edge fellow Democrats have in the race to replace him is expected to give the party’s House hopefuls a boost. Democrats consider the 2nd District, home to sprawling housing subdivisions, strip malls and the Quantico Marine base, one of the party’s best bets to pick up a seat.     Clinton won the district by 21 points in November, helping her win a state that was once reliably Republican in presidential elections. Foy and fellow Democrat Josh King will compete in the June 13 primary. The winner will face Republican Laquan Austion in November for the seat being vacated by the Republican incumbent, who is not seeking re-election. All three candidates say voters are more concerned about local issues, such as traffic jams, education and pollution from power plant coal ash, than Trump. “Obviously, the Trump effect is in the air, but we’re focusing the energy into what we can do locally,” said King, 36, a deputy sheriff who narrowly lost the 2015 election for the seat. ",1
3382,Kremlin denies accusations that Russia tried to hack U.S. voting equipment,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Accusations that Russian intelligence services were seeking to hack U.S. voting equipment as part of a broader effort to interfere in the U.S. presidential election are false and unfounded, the Kremlin said on Tuesday. “This assertion has absolutely nothing to do with reality,” Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told a conference call with reporters. “We have heard no arguments proving the veracity of this information ... Therefore we strongly deny the very possibility that this could have happened.”  The U.S. Department of Justice on Monday charged a federal contractor with sending classified material to a news organization that sources identified to Reuters as The Intercept. [nL1N1J220T] The Intercept’s reporting revealed new details behind the conclusion of U.S. intelligence agencies that Russian intelligence services were seeking to infiltrate state voter registration systems, discredit Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton and help then Republican candidate Donald Trump win the election. ",1
3383,Top U.S. diplomat in China quits over Trump climate policy,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - David Rank, the chargé d’affaires of the U.S. Embassy in Beijing, has left the State Department over the Trump administration’s decision to quit the 2015 Paris agreement to fight climate change, a senior U.S. official said on Monday. A State Department spokeswoman confirmed Rank’s departure, but said she was unable to verify Twitter posts that said he resigned as he felt unable to deliver a formal notification to China of the U.S. decision last week to quit the agreement. “He has retired from the foreign service,” said Anna Richey-Allen, a spokeswoman for the department’s East Asia Bureau. “Mr. Rank has made a personal decision. We appreciate his years of dedicated service to the State Department.” Iowa Governor Terry Branstad, President Donald Trump’s pick as the next U.S. ambassador to Beijing, is expected to take up the post later this month. A tweet from China expert John Pomfret quoted unnamed sources as saying that Rank had resigned as he could not support Trump’s decision last week to withdraw from the Paris agreement. Another tweet from Pomfret said Rank called a town hall meeting to announce his decision to embassy staff and explained that he could not deliver a diplomatic note informing the Chinese government of the U.S. decision. A senior U.S. official confirmed the account given in the tweets but added that after Rank announced his intention to retire on Monday in Beijing, he was told by the State Department to leave his post immediately. The official spoke on condition of anonymity. On June 1, the U.S. State Department accepted the resignation of its top personnel officer, who had been among its  few remaining senior Obama administration political appointees, another U.S. official said. Arnold Chacon had served as the director general of the foreign service and director of human resources. The official said Chacon had tendered his resignation when Trump was inaugurated on Jan. 20, along with all presidential appointees, who serve at the pleasure of the president and secretary of state. The acceptance of Chacon’s resignation was first reported by the DiploPundit website. It was not immediately clear whether he would be offered another post at the department.  Other than Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, his deputy John Sullivan and Undersecretary of State for Political Affairs Tom Shannon, the third-ranking U.S. diplomat, most of the State Department’s senior posts are currently vacant or filled by acting officials. Chacon could not immediately be reached for comment.  Contacted by Reuters for comment, Rank, a career foreign service officer who took over the post of deputy chief of mission in Beijing in January 2016, referred all questions to the U.S. embassy. Jonathan Fritz, the embassy’s economics councilor, would serve as chargé in his place, Richey-Allen said. Rank had been with the department for 27 years and served as the political councilor at the U.S. Embassy in Afghanistan from 2011 to 2012. Trump’s announcement on Thursday that he would withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord, saying it would undermine the U.S. economy and cost jobs, drew anger and condemnation from world leaders and heads of industry. “The world has paid attention to the U.S. withdrawal from the Paris agreement”, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying told a regular news briefing on Tuesday, but added that personnel changes were the United States’ “internal affairs”. ",1
3384,"White House wants healthcare vote this summer, tax reform in fall","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House is hoping to kick-start its stalled legislative agenda with congressional action on healthcare reform this summer that will clear the way for lawmakers to begin work on a major tax bill after the Sept. 4 Labor Day holiday, an administration official said on Monday.     Senate Republicans will vote on their version of healthcare reform legislation before lawmakers’ August recess, White House Director of Legislative Affairs Marc Short said. The House of Representatives passed a bill in May. “There’s been a lot of discussions with staff,” Short told reporters at a briefing. “I think the text is pretty far along.” Congress will then turn its focus to overhauling the tax code in September. While the administration would prefer that the effort not add to the national debt, Short stressed that the top priority would be cutting taxes. “We want it to be revenue neutral, and we are still supportive of tax reform, but I am also saying to you that what we believe is most important to get the economy going is the tax cuts,” he said.  President Donald Trump will meet with the Republican leaders of the House and the Senate, Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell, on Tuesday to discuss the path forward for his agenda, said White House spokeswoman Lindsay Walters. Trump has pressed for quicker action in Congress, but his administration has also been hampered by investigations into alleged ties between Trump’s election campaign and Russia. The Trump administration has outlined a broad plan that would cut tax rates for businesses and streamline the tax system for individuals. But, the proposal has been short on details — including the cost of the tax cuts and what loopholes would be closed.      The healthcare bill passed by the House could result in 23 million people losing insurance, the Congressional Budget Office estimated, a conclusion that Republicans were quick to challenge. The bill would also reduce federal deficits by $119 billion between 2017 and 2026, according to the analysis. Short said he believed that the Senate healthcare bill would be “similar” to the House package.  Senator John Cornyn, the No.2 Republican in the Senate, said Monday evening he thought there would be a vote on a healthcare bill in the Senate in July. Short also said the White House expects for Congress to raise the government’s borrowing authority, also known as the debt limit, before the August recess. ",1
3385,Trump renews criticism of London Mayor Khan over attack,"LONDON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump once again criticized London Mayor Sadiq Khan on Monday over his response to a deadly attack on the city, while the British public and politicians lauded the mayor for his handling of the aftermath.  Trump accused Khan of making a “pathetic excuse” over his statement urging Londoners not to be alarmed by the presence of additional police on the streets in response to the attack. But British Prime Minister Theresa May said Khan was doing a “good job”, echoing public sentiment across London. Three jihadis drove a van into pedestrians on London Bridge  on Saturday night before running into the bustling Borough Market area where they slit people’s throats and stabbed them indiscriminately. Police shot dead all three attackers. Khan had said on Sunday morning that people would see an increased police presence on the streets of the capital and should not be alarmed by that. Trump mocked Khan’s comment on Sunday, suggesting in a tweet that the mayor was downplaying the attacks. A spokesman for Khan responded that the mayor “has more important things to do than respond to Donald Trump’s ill-informed tweet that deliberately takes out of context” his remarks. Trump’s comments drew widespread scorn in Britain but the U.S. leader went on the attack again on Monday, saying in a tweet: “Pathetic excuse by London Mayor Sadiq Khan who had to think fast on his ‘no reason to be alarmed’ statement. MSM is working hard to sell it!” Trump wrote. MSM referred to mainstream media. White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said she did not think it was fair to characterize Trump’s tweets as “picking a fight” with Khan, who is the first Muslim elected as London mayor. “The point is, there is a reason to be alarmed. We have constant attacks going on, not just there but across the globe, and we have to start putting national security and global security at an all time high,” she told a White House briefing. Khan said he had been too busy dealing with the fallout from the attack to respond directly to the tweet. Khan, who belongs to the opposition Labour Party, is popular in London and his response to Saturday’s killings has been widely praised as dignified. Prime Minister May, the Conservative Party leader, was asked earlier on Monday about Trump’s criticism of Khan. “I think Sadiq Khan is doing a good job and it is wrong to say anything else,” she said. Khan’s statement on Sunday morning condemned the attack and gave a number of details about what had happened and what measures were being taken in response. “Londoners will see an increased police presence today and over the course of the next few days. No reason to be alarmed. One of the things the police, all of us need to do is make sure we’re as safe as we possibly can be,” Khan said. In his Sunday tweet, Trump commented: “At least 7 dead and 48 wounded in terror attack and Mayor of London says there is ‘no reason to be alarmed!’” It was met with a barrage of criticism in both Britain and the United States, with former Vice President Al Gore among many public figures who accused Trump of misrepresenting what Khan had said. A YouGov poll of 1,000 Londoners published on Monday found that Khan was more trusted than both May and national Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn to make the right decisions about keeping Britain safe from terrorism. “My focus from Saturday night has been working with the police the emergency services and the government to deal with the horrific attack on Saturday,” Khan told Sky News, when asked about Trump’s latest tweet. “I just haven’t got time to respond to tweets from Donald Trump. I’ve got better and more important things to focus on.”     The two men have history. During the U.S. presidential election campaign, Khan was among many people who spoke out against Trump’s proposed ban on Muslims entering the United States, an idea he said would play into the hands of extremists. During a visit to Chicago in September last year, Khan endorsed Trump’s opponent Hillary Clinton. In March, after an attack by an Islamic militant that left five people dead in Westminster, central London, Trump’s son Donald Trump Jr. issued a tweet that criticized Khan. Trump Jr. wrote “You have got to be kidding me?!” above a link to an article reporting comments Khan had made months earlier.  In the article, Khan was reported as saying that being prepared for terror attacks was “part and parcel” of living in a major city.  ",1
3386,Kellyanne Conway's husband says Trump tweets hurting legal case,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The husband of White House adviser Kellyanne Conway criticized President Donald Trump’s tweets about the administration’s temporary travel ban on Monday, saying they were undercutting the Justice Department’s ability to defend his policies. The president’s messages “may make some people feel better,” but they will not help the administration achieve its goal of getting the Supreme Court to rule in its favor, George Conway said in a Twitter message.  George Conway is a lawyer who last week withdrew from contention for a senior Justice Department post; his wife was Trump’s 2016 campaign manager before joining him in the White House as a senior adviser who is one of Trump’s most vigorous defenders. In later Twitter messages, George Conway emphasized he still “very, very strongly” supports Trump and his executive order, but he said tweets on legal matters “seriously undermine” the administration’s agenda. He also said that “sensible” lawyers in the White House and Justice Department agree with him.   In his early morning Twitter messages on Monday, Trump potentially hurt his administration’s legal case as it seeks to have the Supreme Court overturn lower courts’ rulings and allow the travel ban to go into effect. He assailed the Justice Department for a revised version of the measure that he called “watered down” and “politically correct.”   The White House did not immediately respond to a request for comment about George Conway’s tweets.  The travel ban, which Trump says is aimed at preventing attacks in the United States, seeks to halt entry to the United States for 90 days for people from several predominantly Muslim countries and bar refugees for four months. Critics say it is discriminatory.   Conway was in contention to head the civil division of the Justice Department, which would have given him responsibility for defending the travel ban in court. He said last week that it was “not the right time” for him to leave the private sector. ",1
3387,Trump lays out plan to privatize air traffic control system,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump outlined a plan on Monday to privatize the U.S. air traffic control system to modernize it and lower flying costs, but his proposal drew immediate criticism from Democrats who said it would hand control of a key asset to special interests and big airlines. Trump’s proposal to spin off air traffic control from the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) was part of a weeklong White House focus on infrastructure. The administration is looking to shift the spotlight back onto Trump’s agenda and away from a growing probe into alleged ties between his campaign and Russia. “We’re proposing reduced wait times, increased route efficiency and far fewer delays,” Trump said. “Our plan will get you where you need to go quickly, more reliably, more affordably, and yes, for the first time in a long time, on time.” Executives from United Airlines, Hawaiian Airlines [HAII.UL], American Airlines and Southwest Airlines, all represented by the Airlines for America lobbying group, attended the Trump speech. The group praised the Trump plan, which most airlines back.  The proposal, which would require congressional approval, is opposed by many Democrats and some Republicans. The FAA spends nearly $10 billion a year on air traffic control funded largely through passenger user fees, and has spent more than $7.5 billion on next-generation air traffic control reforms in recent years. Trump said current air traffic reform efforts have failed and were a “total waste of money.” It is unclear if privatization would speed the rollout of new  systems such as satellite-based aircraft tracking that replaces ground radar dating back to World War Two. Proponents say a private entity could sign contracts with vendors more quickly than if deals are put through the FAA’s procurement process, which also is subject to budget instability.  Opponents, including Delta Air Lines, say the U.S. system is so large that privatization would not save money, and would drive up ticket costs and could create a national security risk. Opponents also say technology upgrades would be sidetracked while the private entity was set up, potentially adding years to awarding contracts.  There also are concerns that airlines would dominate the private-company board and limit access to airports by business jets.  The new systems would represent major wins for U.S. companies that have been positioning for the shift. Technology company Harris Corp is a leading candidate to supply the FAA with real-time aircraft tracking data in partnership with satellite operator Iridium Communications Inc. Harris already provides a similar data feed using 640 ground-based antenna towers, and the FAA is its largest customer, Chief Executive Bill Brown said in an interview. Iridium has a joint venture that has partnered with air traffic control authorities in Canada, Italy, Ireland and Denmark to provide air traffic surveillance, in cooperation with Harris.  Under Trump’s proposal, a board made up of airline, union and airport officials would oversee the nonprofit entity that would assume oversight after a three-year transition. House of Representatives Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi said in a statement that Trump was recycling “a tired Republican plan that both sides of the aisle have rejected” and would “hand control of one of our nation’s most important public assets to special interests and the big airlines.” The Aircraft Owners and Pilots Association said it will not support a plan that imposes fees on small plane owners. “The U.S. has a very safe air traffic system today and we don’t hear complaints from our nearly 350,000 members about it,” said Mark Baker, the group’s president. The infrastructure push comes as the White House seeks to refocus attention on core promises to boost jobs and the economy Trump made last year during his presidential campaign. Those pledges have been eclipsed by the furor over Russia’s alleged meddling in the election. That drama will come to a head on Thursday when former Federal Bureau of Investigation Director James Comey, who was leading the Russia probe until Trump fired him last month, testifies before a Senate panel. Trump has denied any collusion between Russia and his campaign. He has struggled to keep the spotlight on plans that could give him a political boost. On Wednesday, Trump will travel to Cincinnati to talk about improvements to the 12,000 miles (19,300 km) of inland waterways, dams, locks and ports critical for shipping farm products. ",1
3388,Trump will not block ex-FBI chief Comey's testimony: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump will not invoke executive privilege to block former FBI Director James Comey’s much-anticipated testimony before Congress this week, his first since Trump abruptly fired him early last month. “In order to facilitate a swift and thorough examination of the facts sought by the Senate Intelligence Committee, President Trump will not assert executive privilege regarding James Comey’s scheduled testimony,” White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders told reporters on Monday. Comey was leading a Federal Bureau of Investigation probe into alleged Russian meddling in last year’s U.S. presidential election and possible collusion by Trump’s campaign when the president fired him last month. Presidents can assert executive privilege to prevent government employees from sharing information.  If Trump had asserted executive privilege over Comey, it would have likely created the perception that the administration was seeking to hide information about the FBI’s Russia investigation. It has been reported that Comey plans to talk about conversations in which Trump pressured him to drop his investigation into former national security advisor Mike Flynn, who was fired for failing to disclose conversations with Russian officials.  Both Trump’s fellow Republicans and Democrats from the intelligence panel said they intended to grill Comey about whether Trump tried to get him to back off the investigation. Comey’s appearance before the Senate Intelligence Committee as part of its Russia-related investigation will be his first public testimony since his firing on May 9. It is overshadowing other events in Washington, threatening to dampen already flagging momentum for Trump’s legislative agenda of rolling back President Barack Obama’s healthcare reforms and overhauling the tax code. U.S. intelligence officials have said Russia tried to interfere in the election to sway the vote in Trump’s favor, a charge the Kremlin has repeatedly denied. Trump has denied any collusion between his campaign and Russia. Comey’s appearance will be carried on live television. News stations, including Fox News Channel, will carry the hearing. Variety reported on Monday that at least two U.S. networks, ABC and CBS, had made the unusual decision to break into their daytime programming to carry it. Senator Chuck Schumer, the top Democrat in the Senate, said he expected Comey’s testimony would not be his last before Congress.  “I know the Senate Judiciary Committee has made a similar request of Mr. Comey and I support their request,” Schumer said in remarks as the Senate reopened on Monday after a weeklong recess. ",1
3389,U.S. embassy in Egypt bans personnel from visiting religious sites outside Cairo,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Personnel assigned to the U.S. Mission in Egypt are prohibited from visiting religious sites outside greater Cairo until further notice, the U.S. embassy said on Monday in a security message posted on its website. “Terrorists have attacked targets associated with the Christian community in Egypt. Incidents have occurred in both urban and isolated settings. Additional attacks may be possible,” the message said. “Until further notice, personnel assigned to the U.S. Mission in Egypt are prohibited from visiting religious sites outside greater Cairo. U.S. citizens residing in or visiting Egypt should take prudent steps to enhance their personal security,” it said. Gunmen attacked a group of Coptic Christians travelling to a monastery in central Egypt on May 26, killing at least 29 people and wounding 24. Many children were among the victims. Islamic State took responsibility for the attack, which came on the eve of the Islamic holy month of Ramadan. It followed other church bombings claimed by the militant group in a campaign of violence against Christians. ",1
3390,Panama's president to visit Trump at White House on June 19,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump will meet with Panamanian President Juan Carlos Varela at the White House on June 19, the White House said in a statement on Monday. Trump and Varela will discuss the fight against transnational organized crime, illegal migration and drugs, the statement said. They will also talk about the U.S.-Panama economic partnership and the situation in Venezuela, it said.   ",1
3391,U.S. plans to update self-driving guidelines in coming months,"DETROIT/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s administration will unveil revised self-driving guidelines within the next few months, the head of the U.S. Transportation Department said on Monday, responding to automakers’ calls for regulations that will eliminate barriers and allow autonomous vehicles on the road. “The pressure is mounting for the federal government to do something” about autonomous vehicles, U.S. Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao said on Monday in Detroit. However, Chao told reporters the federal government should be careful before setting binding rules to govern autonomous vehicles. “We don’t want rules that impede future technological advances,” Chao said. Chao was not specific about what her department’s proposals would include, or how they would differ from policy guidance proposed by the Obama administration. Companies including Alphabet Inc’s self-driving car Waymo unit, General Motors Co, Ford Motor Co, Uber Technologies Inc [UBER.UL], Tesla Inc and other are aggressively pursuing automated vehicle technologies. “We need a more concrete regulatory framework,” Ken Washington, chief technology officer of Ford, said in Detroit. Automakers could use a clear set of rules to certify on their own that an autonomous vehicle is safe, as they can now with conventional vehicles, Washington said.   Ford Executive Chairman Bill Ford Jr said at a forum in Washington he feels “quite confident” that the hardware and software will be ready by 2021 for self-driving cars. But other big issues loom. “Things like ethics,” Ford said, saying does the vehicle opt to save 10 pedestrians or the driver. Individual automakers cannot program separate ethics software for self-driving cars but must work together as an industry, Ford said.  Ron Medford, Waymo’s director of safety, said in Detroit he expected autonomous cars would appear first in “managed fleet operations,” not as vehicles sold to individuals.  Chao, in remarks prepared for delivery in Detroit, said the new rules would support industry innovation and aim to encourage “new entrants and ideas that deliver safer vehicles.” Automakers have met with Chao on several occasions in recent months and urged her to make changes to Obama-era automated vehicle rules.  Republicans on the House Energy and Commerce Committee have also been working on a package of legislation to make it easier to get self-driving cars on the road. A U.S. Senate committee is also planning a new hearing this month on self-driving cars. The Obama guidelines called on automakers to voluntarily submit details of self-driving vehicle systems to regulators in a 15-point “safety assessment” and urge states to defer to the federal government on most vehicle regulations. Automakers have raised numerous concerns about the guidance, including that it requires them to turn over significant data, could delay testing by months and lead to states making the voluntary guidelines mandatory. ",1
3392,No rehearing for ex-Illinois Governor Blagojevich; appeal planned,"(Reuters) - A federal appeals court on Monday refused to reconsider its recent decision upholding former Illinois governor Rod Blagojevich’s corruption conviction and 14-year prison term. The order from the 7th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Chicago likely ends Blagojevich’s chance for a new trial or shorter sentence unless he can persuade the U.S. Supreme Court to take up his case, a long shot. Leonard Goodman, a lawyer for Blagojevich, in an interview said his client will appeal to the Supreme Court. “The issues are important not just for Mr. Blagojevich and his family, which never used the office to enrich themselves—and yet he is serving one of the longest sentences issued to a governor—but also to every elected official who is not independently wealthy and has to raise campaign funds,” Goodman said. In its April 21 decision, the appeals court rejected arguments that Blagojevich deserved leniency because of his good behavior during his five years in prison, and because parts of his original 2011 conviction had been thrown out. Prosecutors accused Blagojevich of soliciting campaign money in exchange for raising pediatric reimbursement rates and legislation supporting Illinois’ horse racing industry. They said he also tried to sell or trade the U.S. Senate seat that Barack Obama, a fellow Democrat, vacated after winning the 2008 U.S. presidential election. Blagojevich, 60, was convicted on charges including wire fraud, extortion and soliciting bribes while governor, a job he held from January 2003 to January 2009 before being removed from office. He is eligible for release from prison in May 2024. ",1
3393,Trump complicates travel ban case by grumbling at Justice Department,"NEW YORK/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump accused his own Justice Department on Monday of watering down his temporary travel ban on people from several predominantly Muslim countries, potentially hurting his case in the Supreme Court on the matter. In a series of early morning Twitter messages, Trump returned to the issue of the travel ban that he raised immediately after an attack in London on Saturday night that killed 7 people and wounded 48.  Legal experts said Trump’s tweets could complicate his legal team’s defense of the ban, since they contradict some of the arguments the government’s lawyers are making in court. Trump has presented the measure, which seeks to halt entry to the United States for 90 days for people from Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen and bar refugees for four months, as essential to prevent attacks in the United States.  Critics suing the government, including states and civil rights groups, say there is little national security justification for the move and the ban is discriminatory against Muslims. Federal courts have stopped it from being enforced. “The Justice Dept. should have stayed with the original travel ban, not the watered down, politically correct version they submitted to S.C.,” Trump tweeted, referring to the country’s highest court.  “The Justice Dept. should ask for an expedited hearing of the watered down travel ban before the Supreme Court - & seek much tougher version!”  Federal courts struck down Trump’s first temporary travel ban, an executive order he issued a week after taking office on Jan 20. To overcome the legal hurdles, he replaced it with a new order in March. The second ban was also put on hold by courts. The Justice Department says the courts should look only at the text of the order, not at the president’s comments during the 2016 election campaign about imposing a ban on Muslims. “His tweets invite the question: if the second ban is ‘politically correct,’ what is un-P.C. about the original? And the answer is obvious: Trump told us it’s about banning Muslims,” said Micah Schwartzman, a professor at the University of Virginia School of Law.  Trump, whose populist brand of politics includes criticizing political correctness as an evasion of uncomfortable truths, called in a statement on his campaign website for a “complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States.” “The President’s tweets may help encourage his base, but they can’t help him in court,” said Jonathan Adler, a professor at the Case Western Reserve University School of Law.  Trump’s legal team asked the Supreme Court last week to reverse rulings by lower courts and allow the revised travel ban to go into effect immediately. At issue before the court is whether the travel curbs violate the U.S. Constitution’s ban on favoring one religion over another.  The revised order removed language barring legal permanent residents and a clause that protected religious minorities. It also removed Iraq from the list of targeted countries. Trump said in an interview with the Christian Broadcasting Network shortly after signing the first ban that it would help Syrian Christians fleeing the country’s civil war, a comment lawyers challenging the ban have pointed to as a sign it meant to favor Christians over Muslims. White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said Trump agreed to modify the language of the first order in an effort to satisfy the concerns of a federal appeals court that halted it, but he preferred the stronger action. “He wants to go as far and as strong as possible under the Constitution to protect the people in this country,” Sanders told a news briefing on Monday. Neal Katyal, an attorney for the state of Hawaii, which  challenged the revised ban, said the president’s comments only bolstered its case. “It’s kinda odd to have the defendant in Hawaii v Trump acting as our co-counsel. We don’t need the help but will take it!” Katyal said in a tweeted response to Trump’s posts on Monday.           Trump also tweeted on Monday that his administration was implementing tougher vetting of would-be visitors to the United States, adding: “The courts are slow and political!” Legal experts said that comment could also undermine the government’s case that the travel ban is urgently needed, given the government has said the temporary travel restrictions would free up resources to put in place tougher screening protocols. Last week, the administration rolled out new policies on visa applications for some people who are deemed subject to greater scrutiny.    U.S. Senator Ben Cardin, who is the top Democrat on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and opposes the ban, said on CNN the tweets showed the Republican president’s disdain for the judicial branch. Trump needs five votes from the nine-judge Supreme Court in his favor to put the ban into effect. With the confirmation of Trump’s Supreme Court pick earlier this year, the court retains a 5-4 conservative majority, while the lower courts that have ruled thus far have been more liberal-leaning.  Peter Margulies, an immigration expert at Roger Williams University School of Law in Rhode Island, said of Trump’s tweets, “To the extent that Trump is sort of a bull in a china shop, that might make the Supreme Court nervous.”  On Friday, the Supreme Court asked the challengers of the travel ban to file responses to the emergency request by June 12. Trump’s administration would then likely to file its own response before the court’s nine justices make their decision. White House senior adviser Kellyanne Conway defended Trump’s tweets following the London attack. In an NBC interview on Monday, she cited a media “obsession with covering everything he says on Twitter and very little of what he does as president.” ",1
3394,U.S. top court again faults North Carolina on voting rights,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday faulted North Carolina again in a racially tinged voting rights case, upholding a lower court’s ruling that Republican lawmakers mapped state legislative districts in a way that diluted the clout of black voters. But the justices also threw out another ruling by the same panel of three federal judges ordering special elections by November to fill the state legislature seats at issue in the dispute. The high court, with no recorded dissents, sent the case back to the lower court to reconsider whether special elections are necessary. The Supreme Court in January put the matter of special elections on hold while it decided whether to hear the state’s appeal of the ruling. The justices upheld an August 2016 ruling by the three-judge panel that the districts were racial “gerrymanders,” with boundaries drawn to diminish the voting power of minorities, and violated the U.S. Constitution’s guarantee of equal protection under the law. The lower court found that the Republican-led state legislature had crammed black voters into a limited number of districts in order to lessen their statewide electoral power. At issue were nine state Senate districts and 19 state House districts, as carved out in a plan adopted by the legislature in 2011. The Supreme Court has dealt with North Carolina voting rights cases three times in the past three weeks. On May 22, it ruled that North Carolina Republicans unlawfully took race into consideration when drawing two majority-black U.S. House of Representatives districts, concentrating black voters in an improper bid to diminish their statewide influence. On May 15, the justices rebuffed a Republican bid to revive a strict North Carolina voter-identification law that a lower court found deliberately discriminated against black voters. On Monday, the justices, in an opinion with no recorded dissents throwing out the decision requiring special elections, said the lower court gave only a “cursory” analysis of whether such elections were “a proper remedy for a racial gerrymander” when it ordered them last November. They added that said “obvious considerations include the severity and nature of the particular constitutional violation, the extent of the likely disruption to the ordinary processes of governance if early elections are imposed, and the need to act with proper judicial restraint when intruding on state sovereignty.” Packing minorities into a limited number of legislative districts would reduce their influence in electing a larger number of lawmakers, increasing the sway of white voters. “Whether the election is November 2018 or earlier, redrawing the districts is good for our democracy by leveling the playing field for free and fair elections,” North Carolina Governor Roy Cooper, a Democrat, said in a statement. “The people should be able to choose their representatives in competitive districts instead of the representatives being able to choose the people in lopsided, partisan districts,” Cooper added. Republican lawmakers praised the high court’s action to throw out the order requiring special elections. “We are encouraged the Supreme Court unanimously rejected the lower court’s politically motivated attempt to force a special legislative election in 2017 and its efforts to ‘suspend provisions of the North Carolina Constitution,’ ignore voters’ constitutional right to elect representatives to two-year terms, and effectively nullify their votes from 2016,” state Senator Ralph Hise and Representative David Lewis said in a statement. Democrats have accused Republicans of taking a variety of steps at the state level to disenfranchise black and other minority voters who tend to back Democratic candidates. Republicans have defended their actions, saying some are meant to prevent voter fraud.  ",1
3395,Bloomberg delivers U.S. pledge to continue Paris climate goals to U.N.,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg submitted a statement to the United Nations on Monday that over 1,000 U.S. governors, mayors, businesses, universities and others will continue to meet the goals of the Paris climate agreement abandoned by President Donald Trump last week. Bloomberg, who is the U.N. Secretary-General’s special envoy for Cities and Climate Change, submitted the “We Are Still In” declaration to U.N. Secretary General Antonio Guterres and the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) Executive Secretary Patricia Espinosa. He also launched a process to work with local governments and non-state entities to formally quantify the combined - and overlapping - emissions reduction pledges, which will be known as “America’s Pledge,” and submit the report to the United Nations. “Today, on behalf of an unprecedented collection of U.S. cities, states, businesses and other organizations, I am communicating to the United Nations and the global community that American society remains committed to achieving the emission reductions we pledged to make in Paris in 2015,”  Bloomberg said in a statement. Signatories to the new initiative include 13 Democratic and Republican governors, 19 state attorneys general, over 200 mayors, and CEOs of Fortune 500 companies and small businesses. Trump on Thursday pulled the United States from the landmark 2015 agreement designed to fight climate change, fulfilling a major campaign pledge despite entreaties from U.S. allies and corporate leaders. Although the formal process to withdraw from the Paris agreement takes four years, Trump said the United States will not honor the pledge the Obama administration submitted, known as the nationally determined contribution to reduce greenhouse gas emissions 26-28 percent below 2005 levels by the year 2025.   To fill the void, “America’s Pledge” will be submitted to the UNFCCC as a “Societal NDC.” “The UNFCCC welcomes the determination and commitment from such a wealth and array of cities, states, businesses and other groups in the United States to fast forward climate action and emissions reductions in support of the Paris Climate Change Agreement,” said Espinosa. The coalition will align a number of different efforts to show U.S. support for the Paris agreement, including a commitment of over 260 corporations including Kellogg , Pepsi Co. and Walmart  to reduce their greenhouse gas emissions in line with the latest science. Thirteen governors have also pledged to continue to honor the Paris pledges. “It will be up to the American people to step forward-and in Virginia we are doing just that,” said Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe. ",1
3396,Top court exempts church-affiliated hospitals from pension law,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday ruled that church-affiliated hospital systems do not have to comply with a federal law governing employee pensions, overturning lower court decisions that could have cost the hospitals billions of dollars.  The court ruled 8-0 that church-affiliated organizations are exempt from the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, a 1974 law that forces private employers to follow rules aimed at protecting pension plan participants.  The ruling was a victory for New Jersey-based Saint Peter’s Healthcare System, Illinois-based Advocate Health Care Network and California-based Dignity Health, which had faced separate employee lawsuits accusing them of wrongly claiming a religious exemption under ERISA. Federal agencies had long interpreted the law as exempting not just church plans but also those of church-affiliated organizations.  The employees challenged that view, in effect accusing the hospital systems of being big businesses posing as church organizations in order to avoid minimum funding and reporting requirements under ERISA. The three hospital systems maintained that their religious affiliation made them exempt from ERISA. St. Peters is affiliated with the Roman Catholic Church. Dignity operates both Catholic and non-Catholic hospitals. Advocate is affiliated with the United Church of Christ and the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America. Writing for the court, Justice Elena Kagan said the law’s religious exemption applies to plans whether they were established by churches themselves or organizations affiliated with the churches.  Justice Sonia Sotomayor agreed with the ruling based on the text of the law. But, in a separate opinion, she wrote that she was “troubled” with the outcome, noting that some church-affiliated organizations operate for-profit subsidiaries, earn billions of dollars in revenues and compete with companies that must comply with ERISA.  Sotomayor suggested that the U.S. Congress take action, adding that “scores of employees - who work for organizations that look and operate much like secular businesses - potentially might be denied ERISA’s protections.” The ruling is the latest in which the justices endorsed the idea that certain businesses deserve wider latitude because of religious considerations. In 2014, the justices sided with Hobby Lobby, a retailer owned by conservative Christians, that objected to a federal requirement that it pay for insurance coverage for women’s birth control, saying that violated a U.S. law protecting religious freedom.  Three separate regional federal appeals courts had ruled against Saint Peter’s, Advocate and Dignity in separate cases, refusing to dismiss employees’ lawsuits against them.  Hundreds of hospitals and hospital systems have claimed the exemption since 1980, when Congress amended ERISA to extend what is known as the “church plan” exemption, originally only for churches, more broadly to certain religiously affiliated entities.  The plaintiffs were seeking retroactive penalties for past violations of ERISA, which the hospitals said could add up to hundreds of millions or billions of dollars. Justice Neil Gorsuch, who joined the court after the arguments were presented in the case, did not participate in Monday’s decision. ",1
3397,"Deutsche Bank asks for more time for U.S. query on Trump, Russia: source","FRANKFURT (Reuters) - Germany’s largest bank has asked for more time to respond to a request from Democrats on a U.S. House of Representatives panel for details about U.S. President Donald Trump’s possible ties to Russia, a person familiar with the matter said on Monday. Deutsche Bank’s (DBKGn.DE) external counsel sent a letter dated Friday June 2 to the Democrats saying it needed additional time, the source told Reuters. The person spoke on condition of anonymity and declined to specify how much more time the bank’s counsel needed.  Several Democrats on the U.S. House Financial Services Committee sent a letter last month to John Cryan, chief executive officer of Deutsche Bank, seeking details that might show if Trump’s loans for his real estate business were backed by the Russian government. The letter asked for details of internal reviews of Trump’s transactions and gave the German bank until Friday to respond.  Deutsche Bank has declined to comment about any business dealings with Trump. The Republican president is mired in controversy over FBI and congressional probes into alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. presidential election and potential collusion between Moscow and the Trump campaign. Moscow has denied the allegations, and Trump has denied any collusion. Maxine Waters, Democrat representative for California and a member of the committee, was one of the original letter’s five signatories. She confirmed through a staff member on Monday that Deutsche did not provide “substantive responses to our requests”. “Congress remains in the dark on whether loans Deutsche Bank made to President Trump were guaranteed by the Russian government, or were in any way connected to Russia,” the Democrats wrote in their request to Deutsche Bank.  “It is critical that you provide this committee with the information necessary to assess the scope, findings and conclusions of your internal reviews,” they said. The Democrats cannot compel Deutsche Bank to hand over the information. The House committee has the power to subpoena the documents, but Republican committee members - who make up the majority of the panel - would have to cooperate. No Republicans have signed the document request. The congressional inquiry is also seeking information about a Russian “mirror trading” scheme that allowed $10 billion to flow out of Russia. In January, Deutsche Bank agreed to pay $630 million in fines for organizing the scheme that could have been used to launder money out of Russia. The trades involved, for example, buying Russian stocks in roubles for a client and selling the identical value of a security for U.S. dollars for a related customer. ",1
3398,New Jersey holds governor primaries under shadow of unpopular Christie,"PRINCETON, N.J. (Reuters) - New Jersey Governor Chris Christie is barred by state law from running for a third consecutive four-year term this year, but the unpopular former Republican presidential candidate remains a central figure in the campaign to replace him. Voters head to the polls on Tuesday to choose Republican and Democratic nominees to succeed Christie, whose approval ratings have hit historic lows. He has been accused of spending too much time out of state during the 2016 presidential campaign and tarnished by the so-called Bridgegate lane closure scandal. The lieutenant governor, Kim Guadagno, is the front-runner in the primary election on the Republican side, while Phil Murphy, a former Goldman Sachs Group Inc executive who served as U.S. ambassador to Germany under former President Barack Obama, holds a solid lead in polling among the Democrats. Guadagno, who won election as the state’s first lieutenant governor alongside Christie in 2009, was Monmouth County’s first elected female sheriff and, like Christie, served as a federal prosecutor. With Christie absent frequently during the presidential campaign, Guadagno has already spent months as acting governor. But she has also faced criticism from her opponents based on her association with the unpopular Republican incumbent. As a result, Guadagno, 58, has tried to execute a balancing act, distancing herself from Christie on some issues like his $300 million proposal to renovate the aging statehouse in Trenton while taking credit for the state’s low unemployment figures. “In most situations where you have a second-in-command, that person will enjoy some incumbency advantage,” said Brigid Callahan Harrison, a political science professor at Montclair University in New Jersey. “In fact, what we see is the exact opposite. His enormous unpopularity is an albatross around her candidacy.” At a recent debate, Guadagno sparred with her main Republican rival, Assemblyman Jack Ciatterelli, over the latter’s plan to hike taxes on millionaires. Guadagno has vowed not to raise any taxes. Ciatterelli, 55, has criticized Christie, and by extension Guadagno, for the state’s repeated credit rating downgrades in the face of budget problems. The latest Stockton University poll, released last week, gave Guadagno 37 percent support among primary voters, with Ciatterelli trailing at 18 percent. About a third of those polled, however, said they remained undecided. On the Democratic side, Murphy, 59, appears likely to capture the nomination after significantly outspending his opponents. He has loaned $15 million to his own campaign, and the money has given him an advantage in advertising. His strategy of spending early and often helped him eliminate some potentially strong rivals, including state Senate President Stephen Sweeney and Jersey City Mayor Steven Fulop. Murphy also enjoys support from both New Jersey and national Democratic leaders. Former Vice President Joe Biden campaigned with him this week, and all 21 New Jersey county Democratic organizations have endorsed him. His opponents have criticized his Wall Street background and  campaign spending, but he had 34 percent support in the latest Stockton University poll, as much as all other candidates combined. Jim Johnson, 56, a lawyer and former U.S. Treasury Department official under former President Bill Clinton, had 10 percent in that poll, after running as an “outsider” candidate.  Assemblyman John Wisniewski, who helped lead the legislature’s investigation into the Bridgegate scandal, was at 9 percent. Christie has denied any involvement in the Bridgegate plot, but the scandal continued to dog him. Two former associates were convicted in November of scheming to close down lanes at the George Washington Bridge in 2013 to punish a mayor for failing to endorse Christie’s re-election campaign. Wisniewski, who chaired the state campaign for former Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders, appeared poised to challenge Murphy, a Hillary Clinton supporter, from the left. But in a state where Clinton easily defeated Sanders in 2016, he has failed to garner a groundswell of support. All the Democratic candidates have endorsed a fairly liberal agenda, including a $15 minimum wage and marijuana legalization. The Democractic primary winner will seek to tie the Republican nominee to Christie and by extension to U.S. President Donald Trump. Christie was among the first prominent Republicans to back Trump’s candidacy last year. Murphy’s final TV ad of the primary season, airing in the days before Tuesday’s election, appealed to voters to “stop Donald Trump’s assault on our values.” The primary winners will compete in a Nov. 7 election. ",1
3399,"As Russia probe grinds on, Trump struggles to gain traction on agenda","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The investigation into alleged ties between President Donald Trump’s election campaign and Russia is threatening to dampen already flagging momentum for the president’s legislative agenda of rolling back Obamacare and overhauling the tax code.  With the Senate convening on Monday and the House of Representatives on Tuesday for a legislative sprint leading up to an August recess, the spotlight is on James Comey, the FBI director fired by Trump on May 9. Comey, who will appear before the Senate Intelligence Committee on Thursday, will be grilled on whether Trump tried to get him to back off an investigation into alleged ties between the president’s 2016 campaign and Russia. Trump, a Republican, has called the Russia probe a “witch hunt” designed to undermine the legitimacy of his electoral win. The Russia matter presents a double-barreled threat to congressional Republicans: It could impede healthcare and tax initiatives that already were languishing and it could hurt efforts to hold onto their majorities in the House and Senate in 2018 midterm elections. “It’s an enormous distraction and it creates uncertainty,” said veteran Republican Representative Tom Cole in a telephone interview. “It casts a pall over the political system and slows things down. You don’t want to slow things down when you have all three levers of power,” Cole said, referring to the White House, Senate and House. The day before Comey’s scheduled testimony, top U.S. intelligence officials are set to appear before the same panel to discuss renewal of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, or FISA, which allows the government to collect communications of foreigners thought to be living overseas whose communications pass through American phone or internet providers. But senators are likely to also wade into the Russia affair. [nL1N1IZ0VV] Lawmakers must also come up with a plan to raise the country’s debt limit. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin is clamoring for Congress to quickly approve more borrowing authority as the incoming stream of tax revenues slows. Republican fiscal conservatives routinely demand budget cuts and other concessions as a price for raising the debt limit, setting up a likely fight. [nL1N1IZ13F] Amid all this, Trump and his fellow Republicans in Congress hope the new work session, following a week-long Memorial Day break, will be a chance to ‘reset’ the conversation in Washington that has centered on Russia and their failures so far on healthcare and tax legislation. House Republicans hope this week to pass a repeal of portions of the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial reform law. But that bill will face resistance in the Senate, where Democrats are expected to use procedural tactics to kill it. Even so, House Republicans hope passage of ‘low-hanging fruit’ bills like this will allow them to argue that they have racked up accomplishments when they go home to their districts in August. Meanwhile, the Senate is struggling to craft legislation repealing and replacing Obamacare, former President Barack Obama’s landmark law that expanded health insurance coverage to millions and placed new controls on insurers. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, in a May 24 interview with Reuters said, “I don’t know how we get to 50 (votes) at the moment” but pledged to forge ahead. Senators this week are expected to be presented with  options for a new healthcare program they hope will be more acceptable to voters than one passed by the House. [nBER4WKzcM] Failure to agree on a formula by early July could doom the push to kill Obamacare, which has been a Republican vow since it became law in 2010. Congress is already months behind in writing a budget blueprint that would guide federal spending in the fiscal year beginning Oct. 1. Republicans are deeply divided over the level of defense spending and potential structural reforms to social welfare programs such as Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid. If that is not enough, House Republicans are promising to streamline the antiquated tax code and reduce rates. Democrats and some experts outside of Congress argue their approach would largely help the wealthy while ballooning the nation’s debt. ",1
3400,Comey to be pressed on whether Trump interfered with Russia probe,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Former FBI Director James Comey will be grilled on whether President Donald Trump tried to get him to back off an investigation into alleged ties between the Trump campaign and Russia, key U.S. senators said on Sunday ahead of Comey’s testimony this week on Capitol Hill. Comey, who was leading the Federal Bureau of Investigation’s probe into alleged Russian meddling in last year’s U.S. presidential election, was fired by Trump last month, four years into his 10-year term. The move sparked accusations that Trump dismissed Comey to hinder that investigation and stifle questions about possible collusion between his campaign and Russia. “I want to know what kind of pressure - appropriate, inappropriate - how many conversations he had with the president about this topic?” Senator Mark Warner, the top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee, told CBS’s “Face the Nation” program on Sunday. The former FBI chief is due to testify on Thursday before the intelligence committee as part of its own Russia-related investigation. After Comey’s dismissal, news reports emerged that Trump asked Comey to end the probe into former national security adviser Michael Flynn during a February meeting in the Oval Office, the day after Flynn was fired for misrepresenting his contacts with the Russian ambassador. The account, first reported by the New York Times, was based on a memo Comey wrote after the meeting. The Comey memo caused alarm on Capitol Hill and raised questions about whether Trump tried to interfere with a federal investigation. “It would be unthinkable if the president actually did what was reported, asked FBI Director Comey to, in effect, back off of at least the investigation into General Flynn,” Warner said. The potential for explosive testimony from Comey that could impact a sitting president makes Thursday’s hearing a highly anticipated event, akin to the hearings in the 1970s examining the Watergate scandal, said Linda Peek-Schacht, a political adviser who worked in President Jimmy Carter’s White House. “There are only a few times when Americans come together to watch one thing,” said Peek-Schacht, founder of a civics institute at Lipscomb University in Tennessee. “Americans will be watching this.” U.S. intelligence agencies concluded in January that Moscow tried to sway the November vote in Trump’s favor. Russia has denied involvement, and Trump has denied any collusion between his campaign and Russia. Russian President Vladimir Putin said in an interview that  he does not have any relationship with Flynn and only spoke briefly with Flynn when he sat next to him at a 2015 dinner for Russian TV network RT. “I made my speech. Then we talked about some other stuff. And I got up and left,” Putin told NBC News’ “Sunday Night with Megyn Kelly” program. “That’s it. I didn’t even really talk to him. That’s the extent of my acquaintance with Mr. Flynn.”  Republican Senator Susan Collins, who sits on the Senate Intelligence Committee, said she is eager to question Comey to find out more about Trump’s allegation that Comey told him on three separate occasions that he was not under investigation. “We need to hear directly from Mr. Comey on these important issues,” Collins told “Face the Nation.”  “The tone, the exact words that were spoken and the context are so important and that’s what we lack right now and we can only get that by talking to those directly involved,” she said. Trump has called the investigation into alleged ties between his campaign and Russia a “witch hunt” designed to undermine the legitimacy of his electoral win. After reports that Trump asked Comey to stop investigating Flynn, Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein hired former FBI chief Robert Mueller as special counsel to lead the FBI’s Russia probe. ",1
3401,Trump criticized for tweet on London mayor after bridge attacks,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump came under fire on Sunday for criticizing London’s mayor in the aftermath of attacks in the city that killed seven people and injured at least 48 others. In a tweet, Trump seized on comments by London Mayor Sadiq Khan, who said Britons should not be alarmed to see more police in the streets after three men drove a van into pedestrians on London Bridge before stabbing others nearby. “At least 7 dead and 48 wounded in terror attack and Mayor of London says there is ‘no reason to be alarmed!’” Trump tweeted. “We must stop being politically correct and get down to the business of security for our people. If we don’t get smart it will only get worse,” Trump said. In response, a spokesperson for the London mayor said Khan “is busy working with the police, emergency services and the government to coordinate the response to this horrific and cowardly terrorist attack.” “He has more important things to do than respond to Donald Trump’s ill-informed tweet that deliberately takes out of context his remarks urging Londoners not to be alarmed when they saw more police - including armed officers - on the streets,” the spokesperson said. Former Vice President Al Gore, speaking on CNN’s “State of the Union” program, said he thought Trump’s tweet misrepresented what the mayor had said. “I don’t think that a major terrorist attack like this is the time to be divisive and to criticize a mayor who’s trying to organize his city’s response to this attack,” Gore, a Democrat, said. Senator Mark Warner, a Democrat and vice chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee, told CNN that it “troubles” him to see the kinds of tweets Trump has put out in the aftermath of  the London attacks. Trump did not mention the mayor when speaking after a gala event at Washington’s Ford’s Theatre later on Sunday, where he condemned the attacks as an “evil slaughter.”  He said the United States would do everything in its power to assist the UK in bringing those responsible to justice.  “This bloodshed must end. This bloodshed will end,” Trump said, adding he would “do what is necessary” to prevent the threat from reaching the United States. Islamic State on Sunday claimed responsibility for the London attack. Trump also spoke with British Prime Minister Theresa May to  offer condolences and offered Washington’s “full support,” the White House said in a statement. Earlier in the day, Trump cited the London attacks to push his March 6 executive order that would temporarily ban entry into the United States of people from six predominantly Muslim countries. The ban has been blocked in the courts and Trump’s legal team has asked the Supreme Court to reinstate it. Trump has said the travel ban is needed to protect Americans from terrorist attacks. Critics say his reasoning is flawed and assail the ban as discriminatory. Speaking on NBC’s “Meet the Press” program, former Secretary of State John Kerry said on Sunday: “A travel ban will be cannon fodder to the recruiters. It’s the worst thing we could do.” Republican Senator Susan Collins told the CBS program “Face the Nation” that she thought Trump’s travel ban was “not the right way to go” because it was too broad. The U.S. State Department said it was monitoring the security situation and advised Americans in Britain to heed the advice of local authorities and maintain their security awareness. The U.S. Department of Homeland Security issued a statement late on Saturday saying: “At this time, we have no information to indicate a specific, credible terror threat in the United States.” Law enforcement officials in major U.S. cities said they were not aware of any threats but were on alert. ",1
3402,Deutsche Bank ignores U.S. Trump/Russia query: Democratic staffer,"FRANKFURT (Reuters) - Germany’s largest bank has failed to respond to a request from Democrats on a U.S. House of Representatives panel for details about U.S. President Donald Trump’s possible ties to Russia, a Democratic staffer said on Sunday. Several Democrats on the U.S. House Financial Services Committee sent a letter last month to John Cryan, Chief Executive Officer of Deutsche Bank, seeking details that might show if Trump’s loans for his real estate business were backed by the Russian government. The letter asked for details of internal reviews of Trump’s transactions and gave the prominent German bank until Friday to respond. The bank’s response did not address any of the numerous questions posed in the letter and its Frankfurt headquarters declined to comment, as it has in the past. “Deutsche Bank’s outside counsel has confirmed receipt of our May 23, 2017, letter but did not provide substantive responses to our requests,” a Democratic member of the staff told Reuters in an email on condition of anonymity.  The congressional inquiry is also seeking information about a Russian “mirror trading” scheme that allowed $10 billion to flow out of Russia. “Congress remains in the dark on whether loans Deutsche Bank made to President Trump were guaranteed by the Russian government, or were in any way connected to Russia,” the Democrats wrote in their request to Deutsche Bank.  “It is critical that you provide this committee with the information necessary to assess the scope, findings and conclusions of your internal reviews,” they said. The Democrats cannot compel Deutsche Bank to hand over the information. The House committee has the power to subpoena the documents, but Republican committee members - who make up the majority of the panel - would have to cooperate. No Republicans have signed the document request. Citing media reports, the Democrats had called for the bank to hand over any documents tied to internal reviews of Trump’s personal accounts at the bank. They also said the bank should state publicly that it had reviewed both the “mirror trading” scheme and Trump’s accounts. Mirror trading involved buying stocks, for example, in Moscow in rubles, with related parties selling the same stocks shortly thereafter through a bank’s London branch. The House panel request to Deutsche Bank came as Trump was mired in controversy over FBI and congressional probes into alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. presidential election and potential collusion between Moscow and the Trump campaign.  Moscow has denied the allegations, and Trump has denied any collusion. ",1
3403,Putin's dinner with Michael Flynn: 'I didn't even really talk to him',"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin hardly spoke at all with former U.S. National Security Adviser Michael Flynn when they sat together at a Moscow dinner in 2015, NBC News quoted the Kremlin leader as saying on Sunday. Flynn’s ties to Moscow are under scrutiny in the United States amid allegations of possible Russian interference in the 2016 election. An oft-published photo of him sitting next to Putin at a gala dinner seems to hint he had close relations. Flynn has declined to testify to the U.S. Senate Intelligence Committee about his Russian ties, invoking his constitutional right to avoid self-incrimination. Putin, speaking to NBC News’ Sunday Night with Megyn Kelly, said he recalled the dinner in question as a routine event.  “I made my speech. Then we talked about some other stuff. And I got up and left. And then afterwards I was told, ‘You know there was an American gentleman, he was involved in some things. He used to be in the security services’,” Putin said. “That’s it. I didn’t even really talk to him. That’s the extent of my acquaintance with Mr Flynn,” he added. The December 2015 dinner was in honor of the Russian television network Russia Today (RT), a Russian government-funded global network that U.S. officials consider a state-run propaganda outlet and purveyor of disinformation about the U.S. French President Emmanuel Macron, standing next to Putin in Paris last week, publicly denounced Russia Today and the state-funded Sputnik news agency as “agents of influence ... and of lying propaganda” that had spread “fake news” against him during his campaign for Paris’s top post in May. A preview of NBC’s interview with Putin was released to the media on Sunday. In it, the Kremlin chief was asked about the nature of his relationship with the retired U.S. Army general who is the subject of several investigations at home. U.S. President Donald Trump fired Flynn in February for failing to disclose the content of his talks with Sergei Kislyak, Russia’s ambassador to the United States, and misleading Vice President Mike Pence about the conversations.  U.S. intelligence agencies reported in January that Putin oversaw a campaign of computer hacking, fake news and propaganda intended to swing the election to the Republican candidate Trump over his Democratic opponent Hillary Clinton. Putin has denied conducting such a campaign. Trump has denied any collusion between Russia and his campaign and has questioned the veracity of the U.S. intelligence finding. ",1
3404,Trump responds to UK attack with apparent criticism of London Mayor Sadiq Khan,"LONDON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump tweeted on Sunday about a militant attack in London which killed seven people, quoting London Mayor Sadiq Khan telling Britons not to be alarmed, in what appeared to be a criticism of Khan’s response to the incident. “At least 7 dead and 48 wounded in terror attack and Mayor of London says there is “no reason to be alarmed!” Trump tweeted. Earlier Khan had said Britons should not be alarmed to see a higher police presence on the streets of London following the incident. Last year Khan was elected mayor of the city to become the first Muslim to head a major Western capital. ",1
3405,Trump not planning to invoke executive privilege for Comey testimony: NY Times,"(Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump does not plan to invoke executive privilege as a way to block former FBI Director James Comey from testifying to Congress next week, the New York Times said on Friday citing two unnamed senior administration officials. On Saturday, a White House spokesperson referred a question about the Times’ story to outside council. Outside council did not immediately respond to a request for comment.  Comey was leading a Federal Bureau of Investigation probe into alleged Russian meddling in last year’s U.S. presidential election and possible collusion by Trump’s campaign when the president fired him last month. On Friday, White House officials said that they did not know yet whether President Donald Trump would seek to block Comey’s testimony, a move that could spark a political backlash. “I have not spoken to counsel yet. I don’t know how they’re going to respond,” White House spokesman Sean Spicer told reporters on Friday. The former FBI chief is due to testify on Thursday before the Senate Intelligence Committee as part of its own Russia-related investigation, and his remarks could cause problems for the Republican president. Presidents can assert executive privilege to prevent government employees from sharing information. However, legal experts say it is not clear whether certain conversations between Trump and Comey that the president has talked about publicly would be covered, and any effort to block Comey, who is now a private citizen, from testifying could be challenged in court. ",1
3406,Vice President Pence urges Congress to complete Obamacare repeal,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Vice President Mike Pence on Saturday urged the Republican-controlled Congress to complete the job of dismantling Obamacare this summer and move on quickly to another big-ticket item on President Donald Trump’s agenda: tax cuts. Speaking days before lawmakers return to Washington amid doubts about their ability to agree on legislation, Pence sought to add urgency to the debate by warning that consumers face dwindling access to Obamacare health coverage in some states. Trump-backed legislation to dismantle former President Barack Obama’s healthcare overhaul narrowly passed the House of Representatives last month. But Senate Republicans have had difficulty agreeing on their own bill, leading Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell to fret about the future of healthcare legislation.  “First and foremost, this summer, this Congress must come together and heed the president’s leadership, and we must repeal and replace Obamacare,” Pence told a political rally in Iowa, one of several states where major insurers have exited government-subsidized insurance markets. “It’s high time we take action,” the vice president added, saying Congress must “relieve Iowa and relieve America.”   Insurers say they cannot plan amid the uncertainty  surrounding healthcare legislation. They also face a worse-than-expected balance of sick and healthy customers that has helped drive insurance premiums higher in Obamacare marketplaces. “Once we repeal and replace Obamacare, we’re going to roll our sleeves up, and working with these great leaders in Congress, we’re going to pass one of the largest tax cuts in American history,” Pence said. A former Indiana congressman, Pence plays a key role in Trump’s relationship with lawmakers as the main White House liaison to Congress. As vice president, he also casts the tie-breaking vote on legislation in the 100-member Senate, where Republicans have a slim 52-seat majority.   Senate Republican staff are expected to present legislative options on healthcare when lawmakers return to Capitol Hill on Monday after a one-week recess, according to aides. But some Republicans are skeptical that healthcare legislation can pass the Senate this summer, if at all. Pence projected confidence that Congress will succeed: “I know we will. The Obamacare nightmare is about to end.”  ",1
3407,"Mattis praises China's efforts on North Korea, dials up pressure on South China Sea","SINGAPORE (Reuters) - The United States is encouraged by China’s efforts to restrain North Korea but Washington will not accept Beijing’s militarization of islands in the South China Sea, U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Saturday. The comments by Mattis, during the annual Shangri-La Dialogue, show how U.S. President Donald Trump’s administration is looking to balance working with China to restrain North Korea’s advancing missile and nuclear programs while dealing with Beijing’s activities in the South China Sea. U.S. allies have been worried by Trump’s actively courting Chinese President Xi Jinping to restrain North Korea, fearing Washington might allow China a more free rein elsewhere in the region. Some allies have also expressed concern that Washington’s withdrawal from the Trans-Pacific trade partnership and the Paris global climate accord signals the United States is diluting its global leadership role. Speaking at the dialogue, Asia’s premier security forum, Mattis said the United States remained fully engaged with its partners.  “Like it or not, we are a part of the world...What a crummy world if we all retreat inside our borders,” he said.  “Once we have exhausted all possible alternatives, the Americans will do the right thing,” Mattis added, paraphrasing a quotation by British wartime leader Winston Churchill. “So we will still be there and we will be there with you.” Nevertheless, reversing or slowing North Korea’s nuclear and missile programs has become a security priority for Washington, given Pyongyang’s vow to develop a nuclear-tipped missile capable of hitting the U.S. mainland. The Trump administration has been pressing China aggressively to rein in its reclusive neighbor, warning all options are on the table if North Korea persists with its weapons programs. “The Trump administration is encouraged by China’s renewed commitment to work with the international community toward denuclearization,” Mattis said.  “Ultimately, we believe China will come to recognize North Korea as a strategic liability, not an asset.” However, Mattis said seeking China’s cooperation on North Korea did not mean Washington would not challenge Beijing’s activities in the South China Sea. The U.N. Security Council on Friday expanded targeted sanctions against North Korea after its repeated missile tests, adopting the first such resolution agreed by the United States and China since Trump took office. In another sign of increased pressure on North Korea, Japan’s navy and air force began a three-day military exercise with two U.S. aircraft carriers in the Sea of Japan on Thursday. Japanese Defense Minister Tomomi Inada, speaking at the Singapore forum, said Tokyo backed the United States using any option to deal with North Korea, including military strikes, and was seeking a deeper alliance with Washington. But she also said she was concerned about the situation in the South China Sea and in the East China Sea.    China’s claims in the South China Sea, through which about $5 trillion in ship-borne trade passes each year, are contested by Brunei, Malaysia, the Philippines, Taiwan and Vietnam. China and Japan both claim islands in the East China Sea. LOW-KEY China, which sent only a low-key delegation to the forum,  said its ties with the United States were vital for the region. “I believe that if China and the United States can ensure no conflict, as well as maintain mutual respect, cooperation and trust, it will contribute greatly to security in the Asia Pacific and the world,” Lt Gen He Lei, the head of Beijing’s delegation, told reporters.     Allies around the world have been concerned about the commitment of the United States since Trump took office on Jan. 20 because of his “America First” rhetoric and expectations that he would concentrate on a domestic agenda. “We are still trying to figure out his (Trump’s) policy in our region,” said Malaysian Defense Minister Hishammuddin Hussein. “I would like to know very clearly what are the true intentions of the new administration.”    Mattis sought to ease concerns for allies in the Asia-Pacific, saying the region was a priority and the primary effort was alliance building. He added, however, that countries must “contribute sufficiently to their own security.” In a sign of the U.S. commitment to the region, Mattis said that soon about 60 percent of overseas tactical aviation assets would be assigned to the region and he would work with the U.S. Congress on an Asia-Pacific stability initiative. Mattis said the United States welcomed China’s economic development, but he anticipated “friction” between the two countries. “While competition between the U.S. and China, the world’s two largest economies, is bound to occur, conflict is not inevitable,” Mattis said.  While eager to work with China in dealing with North Korea, Mattis said the United States did not accept China placing weapons and other military assets on man-made islands in the South China Sea.  “We oppose countries militarizing artificial islands and enforcing excessive maritime claims,” Mattis said. “We cannot and will not accept unilateral, coercive changes to the status quo.” ",1
3408,"Facing hometown anger, some Republican lawmakers split from Trump on key issues","CRANFORD, New Jersey (Reuters) - Appearing at a town hall in upscale Cranford, New Jersey this week, five-term Republican congressman Leonard Lance got a barrage of complaints from constituents about President Donald Trump. “This administration is the most foul administration I have ever seen in my life. The stench that comes from Washington can be smelled in my hometown,” said Martin Carroll of Watchung, New Jersey, who drew a standing ovation. Another man, who identified himself as Alan, lambasted what he called the “criminality” of the Trump administration. “When will you call them out?” he asked Lance. Lance, a mild-mannered 64-year-old, is one of many centrist Republicans who are feeling voter heat over Trump and are vulnerable to a backlash in next year’s congressional elections. Democrats hope to make the 2018 mid-term elections a referendum on Trump. Any path they have for capturing the Republican-led House of Representatives runs through areas such as Lance’s, one of 23 Republican districts that voted for Democrat Hillary Clinton in the 2016 presidential election. In Lance’s district, anger has risen over proposed cuts to domestic programs, Republican efforts to roll back Obamacare, President Barack Obama’s healthcare overhaul, and allegations of collusion between Trump’s campaign team and Russia, despite the president’s denial of any such contacts. At the Cranford town hall, the congressman made clear he has differences with Trump on issues such as the budget and a special counsel investigation into any links between Trump’s campaign and Russian officials. While Trump has called the Russia probe a “witch hunt,” Lance said he believes it is necessary and that he will “let the chips fall where they may” when the findings come in. Lance also questioned the economic assumptions underpinning Trump’s budget and said he opposed its proposed cuts for the arts and environmental programs. Of the 23 Republicans in districts that voted for Clinton, Lance has been among the more vocal in distancing himself from Trump. But there are others. Republican Representative Barbara Comstock of Virginia has said she could not defend Trump’s decision to fire FBI Director James Comey. Comstock and Lance were among 20 Republicans who voted against the Trump-backed Republican healthcare bill in May. Nine of those dissenters hailed from the 23 Republican districts where Clinton beat Trump in November. In California, Republican Representative Darrell Issa has faced weekly protests in his district since Trump’s inauguration in January. Issa says he backs Robert Mueller, the special counsel in charge of the Russia investigation, and like Lance, he opposes Trump’s proposed cuts to the Environmental Protection Agency. But Issa infuriated Trump opponents with his backing of the healthcare bill. “We saw your vote!” some chanted outside Issa’s office, while others displayed the message “Repeal & Replace Issa” on a California bridge. Still, the 23 districts, which have a majority of white voters and tend to be moderately well-educated and well-off, do not make easy targets for Democratic congressional candidates. Republicans have triumphed repeatedly in these districts during the past 20 years, winning 198 races to Democrats’ 36.  And Republicans have won every U.S. House election in 11 of those districts since 1996.(For graphic on the districts:  tmsnrt.rs/2rN3xb9)  In Lance’s district, a collection of well-heeled bedroom communities outside New York City, registered Republican voters outnumber Democrats, but “unaffiliated” voters outnumber both categories. Lance is rated a slight favorite to keep his seat by the Cook Political Report, a non-partisan election tracker. Speaking after the Cranford town hall, Lance said he thought the crowd had been less contentious than those that had confronted him at recent constituent meetings. He thought his rejection of the healthcare bill was one reason. “I guess I had to prove my bona fides,” Lance said. “I vote with the president when I think he’s right and I don’t vote with him when I don’t agree with him.” But Democrats note Lance had earlier backed Trump’s  healthcare bill in a House committee. Lance should have “tried to convince his colleagues to do the right thing, and he didn’t do that,” said Linda Weber, a 53-year-old bank executive who is one of four people already seeking the Democratic nomination to take on Lance next year. Ed Harris, a retired attorney who attended the Cranford town hall, said Lance’s rejection of the healthcare bill was a step in the right direction. Harris, an unaffiliated voter, said he voted for Clinton in 2016, though not enthusiastically. “I thought the bubonic plague was better than Trump,” Harris said. “I will support anybody who is opposed to Trump.” Voters like Harris pose a conundrum for Lance and other Republican moderates as they prepare for the mid-term elections. Differing with the president may help them win over centrists or independents, but then they run the risk of alienating Trump supporters. Trump backer Wells Pikaart, a sales manager from Westfield, New Jersey, said he understands Lance’s predicament but was nonetheless disappointed that the congressman did not vote in favor of the Republican healthcare bill. “I think that he needs to use his time now to advance the president’s agenda,” Pikaart said. ",1
3409,Trump administration moves to keep full CIA 'torture' report secret,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump’s administration has begun returning to Congress copies of a voluminous 2014 report describing the CIA’s harsh detention and interrogation programs, U.S. officials said on Friday. The Trump administration’s move means it could be more difficult for the full, 6,700-page report to be made public, because documents held by Congress are exempt from laws requiring government records to eventually be made public. The White House made the move in response to requests by Sen. Richard Burr, the Senate Intelligence Committee’s current Republican chairman, officials said. In a statement emailed to Reuters, Burr said: “I have directed my staff to retrieve copies of the Congressional study that remain with the Executive Branch agencies and, as the Committee does with all classified and compartmented information, will enact the necessary measures to protect the sensitive sources and methods contained within the report.” Sen. Dianne Feinstein, the Democrat who chaired the committee when the report was produced, had asked that it be distributed to multiple executive branch agencies, a move designed to make it eventually releasable to the public under the Freedom of Information Act law. Feinstein said in a statement that she was “concerned and disappointed” that Burr requested that the document be returned, calling it a departure from the committee’s normal bipartisan nature. “No senator, chairman or not, has the authority to erase history. I believe that is the intent of the chairman in this case,” she said.  Sen Mark Warner, who succeeded Feinstein as the committee’s top Democrat, said in a Twitter post he was “disappointed” with Burr’s decision, and that the report “must be preserved so we can learn from past mistakes & ensure that abuses are never repeated.” A declassified executive summary of the report was made public in December 2014. It concluded that the CIA’s interrogation programs, using techniques such as waterboarding that most observers consider torture, were more brutal and less effective than the CIA had told policymakers. The report said that not a single terrorist attack was foiled as a result of the use of harsh interrogation techniques. The American Civil Liberties Union had filed litigation to have the full report released. But U.S. courts ruled that because the document was created by Congress, it was exempt from the Freedom of Information Act. At least one copy of the report, however, will not be returned to the committee. That’s because a copy has been preserved in former President Barack Obama’s presidential archive, according to a Dec. 9, 2016 letter written to Feinstein by Obama’s top White House lawyer at the time, W. Neil Eggleston. The CIA declined to comment. Burr’s move was first reported by the New York Times. ",1
3410,U.S. top court's Gorsuch says does not share 'cynicism' about government,"CAMBRIDGE, Mass. (Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s U.S. Supreme Court appointee Neil Gorsuch said on Friday that he does not share what he acknowledged was currently “a lot of cynicism about government and the rule of law.” Gorsuch, the newest member to the nation’s top court, spoke about the value of an independent judiciary during an evening event at Harvard University that also featured fellow Justice Stephen Breyer. Gorsuch reflected on how the “government can lose in its own courts and accept the judgement of those courts without an army to back it up.” He said 95 percent of all U.S. cases are resolved at the trial court level, with few reaching the appellate level or Supreme Court, a fact that he said indicated that litigants were satisfied that justice had been done. “I know a lot of cynicism about government and the rule of law, but I don’t share it,” he said. Gorsuch, whose confirmation to the lifetime job restored the court’s conservative majority following Justice Antonin Scalia’s death in February 2016, formally joined the Supreme Court on April 10. Gorsuch served on the Denver-based 10th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals before Trump nominated him in January. Trump was able to fill the vacancy after Senate Republicans last year refused to consider President Barack Obama’s nominee Merrick Garland. Breyer, who was appointed by President Bill Clinton in 1994, and is a member of the liberal wing of the nine-member court, stressed during his comments the value of international values. “The values you are talking about are very widespread across the world,” he said. “Interest in democracy, human rights and so forth and rule of law.” ",1
3411,"Japan defense minister backs all U.S. options on North Korea, seeks deeper alliance","SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Japan’s defense minister on Saturday backed the United States using any option to deal with North Korea, including military strikes, and said Tokyo wanted to build a deeper alliance with Washington that could play a regional security role.  “The United States is making clear through both words and deeds that all options are on the table. I strongly support the U.S. position,” Japanese Minister of Defense Tomomi Inada said during a speech at a regional security conference in Singapore. Pyongyang’s accelerating nuclear and missile programs are stoking fear in nearby Japan and prompting a harder line on North Korea from Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. A Japanese helicopter carrier and destroyer are concluding three days of drills with two U.S. aircraft carriers in the Sea of Japan that also included simulated combat sorties between U.S. Navy F-18s and Japanese air force F-15s. The exercise followed three ballistic missile tests by Pyongyang in as many weeks. The latest on Monday reached an altitude of 120 km (75 miles) before falling into international waters in the Sea of Japan, but inside an exclusive economic zone where Japan has jurisdiction over the exploration and exploitation of maritime resources. Apart from using the U.S. alliance to tackle its belligerent neighbor, Japan also wants the military partnership to exert influence on other parts of Asia, including the highly contested South China Sea, Inada said. China claims almost all the disputed waters, which is one of the world’s busiest shipping lanes, and its growing military presence has fueled concern in Japan and the West.  “The robust, long-standing Japan-U.S. alliance now functions as a public good that contributes to the peace and stability of the region,” she said. Beijing often rails against the United States, Japan and other countries for what it sees as interference in the South China Sea, insisting it is for claimant countries involved in disputes to work them out. Inada also called on European navies to provide “a regular and visible presence” in the region. A French amphibious assault carrier visited Japan in April after sailing through the South China Sea. Japan’s military later trained with the French force alongside U.S. and British contingents in what sources earlier told Reuters was meant as a show of force aimed at China. ",1
3412,Factbox: Could Trump use executive privilege to block Comey testimony?,"(Reuters) - Former Federal Bureau of Investigation Director James Comey will testify on June 8 before a congressional committee investigating Russia’s alleged meddling in the 2016 U.S. presidential election. Comey is expected to tell the Senate Intelligence Committee that President Donald Trump asked him to drop an investigation into former White House national security adviser Michael Flynn’s ties to Russia. Trump fired Comey on May 9.  Legal experts say that Trump could invoke a doctrine called executive privilege to try to stop Comey from testifying. But such a maneuver would draw a backlash and could be challenged in court, they said. The following describes how executive privilege works and why it could backfire on Trump if he invokes it. What is executive privilege? Executive privilege is a legal doctrine that allows the president to withhold information from other government branches. The U.S. Supreme Court ruled in 1974 in U.S. v Nixon that executive privilege can only be used in limited circumstances, such as protecting national security or preserving the confidentiality of sensitive communications within the executive branch. How would Trump invoke the privilege to block Comey’s testimony? Before invoking executive privilege, the president typically obtains a written memorandum justifying the decision from the Office of Legal Counsel, a division of the Department of Justice. The White House counsel is often informally involved in the decision. After invoking the privilege, the president can direct current and former government officials to not divulge information.  Have presidents invoked executive privilege in the past? The term was not coined until the 1950s, but most presidents have invoked some version of it, said Mark Rozell, a professor of government at George Mason University. President Barack Obama asserted the privilege in 2012 to block Congress from seeing documents relating to an investigation into Fast and Furious, a botched gunrunning operation conducted by the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives. What are the odds that Trump would legally succeed in blocking Comey’s testimony? Legal experts said Trump would face an uphill climb if he asserted executive privilege to stop Comey from testifying before the congressional committee. Trump likely would argue that Comey’s testimony involves confidential conversations or matters of national security. But that claim would be undercut by the fact that the president has publicly discussed and tweeted about his conversations with Comey, said Rozell. Trump faces another hurdle if he tries to block Comey’s testimony. If Trump pressured Comey to drop the Flynn investigation, as Comey is expected to testify, then Trump may have engaged in obstruction of justice, according to some lawyers. Executive privilege cannot be used to “cover up government misconduct,” said Andrew Wright, a professor at Savannah Law School.  If Trump invoked the privilege, could Comey disregard it? Typically a president uses executive privilege to prevent government employees from releasing information. Comey is now a private citizen who does not have to worry about losing his job if he does not comply. Rozell said he knows of no legal sanction for ignoring an assertion of executive privilege, but that it would be “unprecedented” for an assertion of the privilege to be ignored.  Could Trump be challenged in court if he asserts executive privilege? The president and Congress typically hammer out a compromise when they disagree about whether privilege can be asserted, said Rozell.  But there are instances of executive privilege being challenged in court. When Obama cited the privilege to block the release of documents relating to Fast and Furious, Congress sued and asked a judge to direct then-Attorney General Eric Holder to comply with its subpoena. A judge ruled last year that the Justice Department’s public disclosures about the controversy undercut the president’s executive privilege claim, saying that the Justice Department had already publicly revealed much of the information it said should be kept private. It would be procedurally complicated to challenge a decision by Trump to block Comey’s testimony. First, Congress would have to issue a subpoena requiring Comey to testify. Then Congress would have to find Comey in contempt if he refused. Congress could then ask a federal judge to force Comey to comply with its subpoena. That litigation would lead to a ruling on whether Trump lawfully invoked executive privilege. “There is a path to judicial review, but a lot of things would have to take place,” Wright said. What are the political risks if Trump tries to assert privilege? Trump would surely face public criticism if he tries to stop Comey’s testimony, Rozell said. Critics could claim Trump is using privilege to thwart questions about potential ties between Russia and Flynn and Russia’s alleged influence on the election. “That’s the rub with executive privilege: It makes it look like you have something to hide,” Rozell said.",1
3413,Will Trump block Comey testimony? White House does not know yet,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - White House officials said on Friday they did not know yet whether President Donald Trump would seek to block former FBI Director James Comey from testifying to Congress next week, a move that could spark a political backlash. “I have not spoken to counsel yet. I don’t know how they’re going to respond,” White House spokesman Sean Spicer told reporters. Comey was leading a Federal Bureau of Investigation probe into alleged Russian meddling in last year’s U.S. presidential election and possible collusion by Trump’s campaign when the president fired him last month. Critics have charged that Trump was seeking to hinder the FBI’s investigation by dismissing Comey. The former FBI chief is due to testify on Thursday before the Senate Intelligence Committee as part of its own Russia-related investigation, and his remarks could cause problems for the Republican president. Comey is widely expected to be asked about conversations in which the president reportedly pressured him to drop an investigation into Trump’s former national security adviser, Michael Flynn, whose ties to Russia are under scrutiny. Critics have said that such pressure could potentially amount to obstruction of justice. Presidents can assert executive privilege to prevent government employees from sharing information. However, legal experts say it is not clear whether certain conversations between Trump and Comey that the president has talked about publicly would be covered, and any effort to block Comey, who is now a private citizen, from testifying could be challenged in court. Democratic lawmakers sent White House counsel Donald McGahn a letter warning that invoking executive privilege “would be seen as an effort to obstruct the truth from both Congress and the American people.”  In an interview with ABC News, White House senior adviser Kellyanne Conway appeared to indicate the president would allow Comey to testify. “We’ll be watching with the rest of the world when Director Comey testifies,” she said. But asked directly whether Trump would invoke executive privilege on Comey’s testimony, she added: “The president will make that decision.” Amid a political firestorm touched off by Comey’s firing, the Justice Department appointed a special counsel last month to take the lead on the Russia investigation. U.S. intelligence agencies have concluded the Russian government sought to influence the U.S. election in Trump’s favor, a charge Russia has denied. Russian President Vladimir Putin, however, said on Thursday some Russians may have acted on their own. Trump, who has raised doubts about the U.S. agencies’ findings and denounced the continuing Russia probes, has denied any collusion. ",1
3414,Texas governor signs relaxed version of voter ID legislation,"(Reuters) - Texas Governor Greg Abbott has signed into law a more relaxed version of state voter-identification requirements than a previously enacted measure struck down by U.S. courts as racially discriminatory. The new measure was designed to remedy flaws the courts found in the original law by providing Texans an alternative to the type of government-issued photo ID they had been required to present in order to vote at polling stations. Voters will now be permitted to cast their ballots by furnishing some other documentation bearing their name and address, such as a bank statement or utility bill, if they also sign an affidavit attesting to having a “reasonable impediment” to obtaining a valid photo ID. Critics contend that the measure, passed by the Republican-controlled legislature last month and signed on Thursday by Abbott, a first-term Republican, is still aimed at discouraging racial and ethnic minorities, who tend to favor Democrats. They particularly object to provisions carrying a prison sentence of up to 10 years for lying on a voter-ID affidavit. The list of valid photo-IDs accepted under both the previous law and the revised measure includes a driver’s license, U.S. military identification, U.S. passport and concealed handgun permit, but not a student ID card. Texas ranks as the most populous Republican-dominated state, with the Republican Party winning every statewide race for elective office for more than 20 years. But shifting demographics have given hope to Democrats that they can eventually turn the state to their column. The original voter ID requirements were signed into law in 2011 by then-Texas Governor Rick Perry, a Republican. Considered one of the nation’s strictest such measures, it has been subject to years of court challenges, with the law’s opponents saying it could exclude up to 600,000 voters. Supporters of such laws have countered they are necessary to protect the integrity of the election system, despite little evidence of actual voter fraud. The U.S. Supreme Court declined in January to hear an appeal by Texas seeking to revive the original law’s requirements.     ",1
3415,Trump to nominate Richard Spencer for Navy secretary: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump plans to nominate Richard Spencer, who has worked as a financial industry executive, to be Secretary of the Navy, the White House said on Friday. Spencer also served as a captain in the U.S. Marine Corps and spent five years on the Defense Business Board, most recently as Vice Chairman, the White House said in a statement. ",1
3416,Trump makes two conservative picks for Fed: NY Times,"(Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump’s picks for two open spots on the Federal Reserve’s Board of Governors may push for tighter monetary policy if they receive the Senate confirmation needed to join the Fed’s rate-setting panel, their records suggest. Trump will nominate Carnegie Mellon University professor Marvin Goodfriend and former Treasury Department staffer Randal Quarles to fill two of the three open seats on the Federal Reserve’s Board of Governors, the New York Times said on Friday, citing unnamed people with direct knowledge of the decision.   The conservative picks come as Fed Chair Janet Yellen continues to slowly raise interest rates and lay out plans to shed some of the trillions of dollars of bonds bought in the wake of the financial crisis.  Goodfriend in particular has been skeptical of the Fed’s bond-buying programs, saying that it is too close to fiscal policy. Goodfriend and Quarles did not immediately respond on Friday to requests for comment. A White House spokeswoman said officials were not ready to make an announcement yet.     Goodfriend, 66, a former Richmond Fed policy advisor, also has urged the central bank to adopt simpler rules governing policy decisions.  That view has support among many congressional Republicans, though Yellen has strongly opposed their proposed legislation on grounds that it would tie the Fed to make mechanical decisions that would harm the economy. The rule at the center of that legislation suggests the Fed should be raising rates more aggressively than the three annual rate hikes policymakers currently expect for both 2017 and 2018. That could make for an interesting dynamic with bond investors increasingly skeptical of faster rate hikes amid uncertainty over the outlook for tax cuts under Trump’s young administration.  After Friday’s report that employers added fewer than expected jobs in May, short-term interest-rate futures traders were still pricing in a June rate hike, but Treasury yields fell as investors reduced bets on subsequent hikes. 	 One area Goodfriend may agree with Yellen is on the Fed’s plan to start shrinking its $4.5-trillion balance sheet before the end of the year. Though the Fed has not published its plan in detail, policymakers have said the portfolio would shrink as if on “autopilot.” In an interview with Reuters last November, Goodfriend appeared to also support such a preset plan. “The Fed should choose a rule for shrinking the balance sheet so that, as it sold off its assets, it was pre-committed and markets could anticipate sales and prepare for them,” he said. Despite differences of opinion with Yellen, he said then, “If there is interest in my point of view and my 30-something years of thinking, writing, and teaching about the Fed and central banking, then I would have to consider serving.”  A lawyer by profession, Quarles, 59, worked on financial regulation at the U.S. Treasury for years, including during the 2007-2009 financial crisis. Reuters had earlier reported he was a leading candidate to be Trump’s pick for the Fed’s vice chair in charge of banking supervision.  “Many market participants have been barking up the wrong tree, arguing that Trump is an easy money guy because he borrowed a lot when he was a real-estate tycoon,” said Stephen Stanley, Amherst Pierpont’s chief economist, who worked for Goodfriend when he was at the Richmond Fed. “If these two nominees are eventually confirmed, the tone of the Fed Board will instantly swing to a far more hawkish tenor.” ",1
3417,U.S. environmental agency chief says humans contribute to global warming,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The head of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, Scott Pruitt, said on Friday he believes human activity plays a role in global warming, but measuring that contribution with precision is difficult. Speaking to reporters at the White House a day after President Donald Trump said he would withdraw the United States  from the Paris climate accord, Pruitt declined to directly answer questions about whether the president still believed global warming was a hoax, as he had said during the 2016 presidential campaign Pruitt said he had indicated that global warming is occurring, and that “human activity contributes to it in some manner. Measuring with precision, from my perspective, the degree of human contribution is very challenging.” ",1
3418,Trump travel ban's fate hinges on emergency U.S. high court request,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump faces an uphill fight convincing the Supreme Court it should grant his emergency request to reinstate his travel ban on people entering the United States from six predominantly Muslim countries. His legal team on Thursday night asked the nine justices to allow his controversial March 6 executive order to take effect immediately despite being blocked by lower courts. The Supreme Court rarely grants emergency requests. At issue is a ban Trump has said is necessary to protect Americans from terrorist attacks. Critics say his reasoning is flawed and assail the ban as discriminatory. Trump’s proposed ban was a centerpiece of his 2016 presidential campaign. The fight over the emergency application is likely to determine whether the ban ever takes effect. That is because if the court grants the request, the ban’s 90-day term will have expired by the time the court decides the legal fate of the proposal. The 5-4 conservative majority on the high court means Trump, a Republican who took office on Jan. 20, likely has a better chance than he has had to date in more liberal-leaning lower courts. “Even though it’s a heavy lift getting a stay, it seems to me that the Supreme Court is the most favorable court they’ve had access to so far,” said John Elwood, a Washington lawyer. The administration needs five votes on the nine-justice court to put the ban into effect. In this instance, the merits  of whether it violates the U.S. Constitution’s ban on religious discrimination by targeting Muslims matter less. The court weighs several factors when considering emergency applications. One such application met with success when in February 2016 the court granted on a 5-4 vote a request by states and industry groups to block President Barack Obama’s climate regulations. Under Supreme Court precedent, several criteria need to be met for an emergency application to be granted, including that there would be “irreparable harm” if denied and that there is a “reasonable probability” the court would agree to hear the case on the merits. In the government’s request, Acting Solicitor General Jeff Wall wrote that the nationwide injunctions blocking the travel ban have caused irreparable harm by “preventing the executive from effectuating his national-security judgment.” The challengers contest the administration claim that urgent action is needed to protect Americans from terrorist attacks. They stress that the government did not previously ask the Supreme Court to intervene, even when lower courts denied earlier emergency applications seeking to lift the injunctions. “This is different from the kind of case you would expect the Supreme Court to grant the extraordinary relief of a stay, because of the lack of any demonstrable urgency or harm and because the law and the facts are on our side,” said American Civil Liberties Union lawyer Omar Jadwat. On Friday, the court asked the challengers, including the ACLU and Hawaii, to file responses to the Trump requests by June 12. The administration is then likely to file its own response to the challengers’ legal arguments before the justices issue an order granting or denying the administration’s applications. One thorny issue the Supreme Court may have to resolve if it grants the stay is whether the 90-day ban Trump sought to impose would begin from the day of the court’s action or whether the clock has been ticking throughout the litigation, meaning it would expire in mid-June. Challengers will argue for the latter, which would mean it is almost set to expire. That would limit the practical impact if the application were granted. The court’s conservative majority includes Justice Anthony Kennedy. He sometimes sides with the court’s four liberals and could be the pivotal vote. The travel ban’s challengers have relied in part on a concurring opinion Kennedy wrote in a 2015 Supreme Court immigration case. Kennedy wrote that in the immigration context, the government’s actions can be questioned if there is evidence of bad faith. Another conservative justice is the man Trump appointed to the high court, Neil Gorsuch. During his U.S. Senate confirmation hearing, Gorsuch vowed not to be a rubber stamp for any president when asked about Trump’s statements criticizing judges who ruled against the travel ban.  If the court agrees with Trump, the 90-day ban on people entering the United States from Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen will be immediately revived. The court could also put a 120-day ban on all refugees into effect and allow the administration to consider new vetting procedures. Even if the court allows the travel ban to take effect, the bigger constitutional questions of religious discrimination and presidential powers raised by the order would not be considered by the nine justices until long after the ban periods have ended. The court begins its summer recess at the end of June and would not give the case a full hearing until its return in the autumn, by which time the ban would have lapsed. The emergency applications filed on Thursday night seek to block injunctions issued by judges in Maryland and Hawaii. The Maryland order was upheld on May 25 by the 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Richmond, Virginia. The government’s appeal of the Hawaii injunction is being considered by the San Francisco-based 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals. That court could issue its decision before the Supreme Court acts on the emergency application. Separate from the emergency application, the court also has to decide whether to hear the government’s full appeal of the Virginia-based appeals court ruling.  The justices are not required to hear any case, but this one meets important criteria cited by experts, including that it is the federal government filing the appeal and that it involves a nationwide injunction. ",1
3419,Exclusive: Special counsel Mueller to probe ex-Trump aide Flynn's Turkey ties,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Robert Mueller, the special counsel investigating possible ties between the Trump election campaign and Russia, is expanding his probe to assume control of a grand jury investigation into former national security adviser Michael Flynn, three sources told Reuters. The move means Mueller’s politically charged inquiry will now look into Flynn’s paid work as a lobbyist for a Turkish businessman in 2016, in addition to contacts between Russian officials and Flynn and other Trump associates during and after the Nov. 8 presidential election.      Federal prosecutors in Virginia are investigating a deal between Flynn and Turkish businessman Ekim Alptekin as part of a grand jury criminal probe, according to a subpoena seen by Reuters.  Alptekin’s company, Netherlands-based Inovo BV, paid Flynn’s consultancy $530,000 between September and November to produce a documentary and research on Fethullah Gulen, an exiled Turkish cleric living in the United States. Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan blames Gulen for a failed coup last July.  Alptekin, an ally of Erdogan, told Reuters he hired Flynn to provide research on how Gulen is “poisoning the atmosphere” between Turkey and the United States. Gulen has denied any role in the coup and dismisses Turkey’s allegations that he heads a terrorist organization. The grand jury in Virginia has issued subpoenas to some of Flynn’s business associates involved in the work for Inovo, two people familiar with the probe say. The subpoena seen by Reuters seeks bank records, documents and communications related to Flynn, his company, Flynn Intel Group, Alptekin and Inovo. Flynn’s lawyer, Robert Kelner, did not respond to questions about Flynn’s work for Inovo or Mueller’s investigation. A spokesman for Mueller declined to comment. Alptekin declined to comment when asked about the investigation into Flynn and whether he or anyone he knows has been subpoenaed.  Mueller’s move to take over the Virginia grand jury’s criminal investigation highlights his broad powers as special counsel. Reuters could not determine when the grand jury was first convened, but its existence has been previously reported. Until now the investigation has been led by Brandon van Grack, an espionage prosecutor in the Justice Department, and federal prosecutors from the Eastern District of Virginia. It is not clear whether Van Grack and others who have been working on the case will continue to do so. Deputy U.S. Attorney General Rod Rosenstein appointed Mueller, a former FBI director, on May 17 to oversee an investigation into any links or collusion between Russia and individuals associated with the Trump campaign. Rosenstein also gave him authority to pursue “any matters that arose or may arise directly from the investigation.” Some members of Congress have asked the Justice Department to define the scope of Mueller’s inquiry. Mueller’s appointment followed an uproar over Trump’s firing of FBI Director James Comey, who had been investigating alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 election. Democrats and some of the president’s fellow Republicans had demanded an independent probe of whether Russia tried to sway the outcome of November’s election in favor of Trump and against Democrat Hillary Clinton. Trump, who has said there was no coordination between his campaign and Russia, has decried the investigation as a “witch hunt.” One of Trump’s most trusted aides during the election campaign, Flynn had a long career in the military. He set up the Flynn Intel Group, an Alexandria, Virginia-based intelligence consultancy, after President Barack Obama dismissed him as head of the military’s Defense Intelligence Agency in 2014. Mueller, who takes over leadership of an FBI investigation that began last July, can present evidence to grand juries and hear testimony from witnesses. Trump fired Flynn in February after it became clear that he had falsely characterized the nature of phone conversations he had with Russian ambassador Sergei Kislyak in December, just after the Obama administration imposed new sanctions on Russia for what U.S. intelligence agencies had concluded was a Kremlin-led effort through computer hacking, fake news and propaganda to boost Trump’s chances of winning the White House.  Flynn’s work for Inovo came under scrutiny after he published a commentary on a political news website on Election Day calling Gulen a “radical Islamist” who should be extradited to Turkey. Along with the editorial, the Flynn Intel Group also produced a 75-page report on Gulen based mainly on news reports and some video footage for a documentary that was never made, according to three people familiar with the project. Alptekin, who is chairman of the Turkey-U.S. Business Council, told Reuters he was satisfied with Flynn’s research because it had helped him understand how Gulen’s network operates in the United States. He said the $530,000 payment to Flynn’s firm came “mostly” from his personal funds. The rest came from Inovo’s corporate revenues, Alptekin said.     On Nov. 18, the day after Flynn was appointed Trump’s national security adviser, Trump transition team lawyer William McGinley raised concerns on a call with the Flynn Intel Group and others involved in the Inovo project over who had paid for  Flynn’s commentary, according to two people with knowledge of the conversation. Flynn did not participate in that call, they said.     At the time of the call, Flynn had not disclosed that his work for Alptekin meant he was being paid to represent Turkish interests during the election campaign. Flynn Intel Group had said in a September 2016 filing that it was lobbying for Inovo but did not disclose its Turkish links. In March, Flynn retroactively registered under the Foreign Agents Registration Act. In a letter accompanying the March filing, Flynn’s lawyer, Kelner, said the disclosure was being made because Flynn’s work for Inovo “could be construed to have principally benefited the Republic of Turkey,” which he noted was seeking to extradite Gulen.     The House of Representatives intelligence committee, which is also investigating  Russian interference in the election, subpoenaed records from Flynn on Wednesday. The Senate’s intelligence committee, which has a separate probe under way, has also served subpoenas on Flynn and two of his businesses, and earlier this week Flynn indicated that he would start turning over relevant materials. ",1
3420,Factbox: Behind Trump's bid to revive travel ban at the U.S. Supreme Court,"(Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump’s administration on Thursday asked the U.S. Supreme Court to revive his executive order that temporarily bans travelers from six Muslim-majority nations: Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. The travel ban was blocked by lower courts that found it was discriminatory. [nL1N1IZ03Q]     Here are answers to some questions about how the case is likely to proceed.      What is the administration formally asking the Supreme Court to do?     The administration filed two emergency applications to lift or “stay” the injunctions placed on Trump’s travel ban by federal district courts in Maryland and Hawaii. The Maryland order was upheld on May 25 by the 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals. An appeal of the Hawaii order is pending before the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals. The part of the government’s request will probably be acted on quickly by the court. The administration also filed a petition requesting the justices to review the overall legality of the travel ban. Even if the justices agree to take on a complete review, it likely would not happen until the fall, since the court will recess for the summer later this month.      What are the next steps for the Supreme Court?     The court may ask quickly for responses to the applications to stay the injunctions from individuals and groups that challenged the ban in lower courts. Five justices must then agree in order to grant a stay. If that happens, the travel ban is immediately restored. If five votes cannot be reached, the application will be denied. The decision could come within the next two weeks.     The court will likely simultaneously decide whether to review the broader merits of the case. Given the importance of the case, and its high profile, it is likely the justices will review it.      What are the government’s main arguments?      Lower courts have found that the travel ban violates the U.S. Constitution’s First Amendment, which bars the government from favoring one religion over another. The courts used statements by Trump and his top officials, both before and after the election, as evidence of hostility toward Muslims that motivated the ban.      As it has argued in lower courts, the Trump administration maintains that the president has “broad discretion” to suspend or ban the entry of foreigners into the United States.      Trump’s executive order is based on national security and terrorism-related concerns, and its text is neutral toward religion, the government said. Supreme Court precedent therefore requires lower courts to defer to the government, it added.       But the administration will have to contend with a 2015 opinion by Justice Anthony Kennedy, a frequent swing vote on the bench, who wrote that in the immigration context, the government’s actions can be scrutinized for evidence of bad faith.      The administration said that campaign statements are irrelevant because they were made before Trump took the oath of office, and the president’s national security judgment is enough to bar second-guessing by the courts.       The executive order “is not a so-called ‘Muslim ban,’ and campaign comments cannot change that basic fact,” the administration said.      How might Neil Gorsuch, Trump’s appointee to the Supreme Court, vote in the case?     Gorsuch did not indicate during his confirmation hearings in March how he would vote if a travel ban case came before him. However, in response to senators’ questions about Trump’s criticism of judges who had blocked his first immigration-related executive orders, Gorsuch said it was “disheartening” and “demoralizing.” He promised that he would not be a rubber stamp for the president.  ",1
3421,Lawyer withdraws from consideration for US Justice Dept post,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - New York lawyer George Conway, who had been expected to be nominated to head the U.S. Department of Justice’s civil division, has withdrawn from consideration. Conway, the husband of White House counselor Kellyanne Conway, said in a statement received on Friday that he was “profoundly grateful to the President and to the Attorney General” for selecting him to serve in the Justice Department. However, he said, he had concluded that it is “not the right time for me to leave the private sector.” Conway had notified the White House of his decision on Wednesday in a letter, according to a person familiar with the matter. A White House spokeswoman referred a request for comment to the Justice Department.  A Justice Department spokesman declined to comment on the withdrawal. “We don’t comment on personnel matters,” the spokesman, Ian Prior, said in a statement. Conway joins a number of potential hires who have withdrawn from consideration for posts in the Trump administration in recent weeks, including candidates for director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation after President Donald Trump fired James Comey. It has been increasingly difficult to attract people to work in the administration, Reuters reported last month, citing sources.  Conway, a Harvard University and Yale Law School graduate, is a partner at the prestigious New York law firm Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz. He has worked on major securities and takeover matters, including a 2010 case in which the U.S. Supreme Court said  federal securities laws typically do not apply to conduct in foreign countries. That decision has likely saved companies billions of dollars in potential liability. Conway also has been involved in politically charged cases, including a behind-the-scenes role in the sexual harassment lawsuit that former Arkansas state employee Paula Jones brought against then-President Bill Clinton.  That case led to the eventual impeachment of Clinton on charges stemming from his relationship with a White House intern, Monica Lewinsky. Kellyanne Conway was Trump’s campaign manager before taking her White House post. The Republican pollster and political strategist has been one of the administration’s most visible faces. The Conways, who have four children, just purchased a nearly $8 million mansion in Washington’s Massachusetts Avenue Heights. Wachtell does not have an office in Washington. ",1
3422,New York Governor Cuomo says will invest more in renewables to add jobs,"(Reuters) - New York Governor Andrew Cuomo on Friday said he would invest in renewable energy projects and expand wind and solar use in an effort to create as many as 40,000 jobs by 2020, according to a press release. Cuomo and the governors of California and Washington state this week said they had formed a U.S. climate alliance to uphold the Paris Climate Agreement, after President Donald Trump said he would withdraw from the agreement. ",1
3423,Comedian Kathy Griffin says her career is over after gory Trump photo,"LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Comedian Kathy Griffin tearfully apologized in a Friday press conference for posing with a fake bloodied and severed head depicting U.S. President Donald Trump, saying that she felt her career was now over and that Trump “broke” her.  Griffin has lost sponsorships and jobs, including her role as co-host of CNN’s New Year’s Eve coverage with journalist Anderson Cooper, since a photograph and video from the shoot appeared on social media on Tuesday. President Trump said the image of Griffin with the gory mask resembling him was “sick” and that it had traumatized his family, especially his youngest son, 11-year-old Barron. Trump’s oldest son, Donald Jr., called for employers to drop the comedian. “I don’t think I will have a career after this. I’m going to be honest, (Trump) broke me,” said Griffin, 56, a two-time Emmy-winning performer known for her deliberately provocative brand of humor. She added that she had received death threats. Griffin reiterated the apology she posted on social media late on Tuesday, but remained defiant, saying, “I’m not afraid of Donald Trump, he’s a bully,” adding that she intended to continue making jokes about the president.  She also described herself as a provocative woman who has often had to deal with older white men in positions of power. “What’s happening to me has never happened ever, in the history of this great country, which is that a sitting president of the United States and his grown children and the first lady are personally, I feel, trying to ruin my life - forever,” she said. Griffin said the photo was intended to mock Trump’s comments during the presidential campaign, when he told CNN that Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly had “blood coming out of her eyes, blood coming out of her - wherever” when she moderated a 2015 presidential debate. Trump’s remark was widely interpreted as referring to menstrual blood, implying that Kelly was in an unfriendly mood because she was menstruating. At his daily briefing on Friday, White House spokesman Sean Spicer declined to respond to Griffin’s remarks, saying that the president, the first lady and the Secret Service had made clear their views on the photo. Katrina Pierson, a former Trump campaign spokeswoman, criticized Griffin on Twitter after her appearance on Friday, saying that Griffin had had a nervous breakdown about “misogyny & mean white men” at the press conference. The U.S. Secret Service, which is responsible for presidential security, has opened an inquiry into the photo of Griffin posing with the severed-head replica. ",1
3424,Quick debt limit move needed as tax receipts slow: Pelosi,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The top Democrat in the U.S. House of Representatives said on Friday Congress should promptly raise the federal debt limit, partly because Washington’s tax revenues appear to be slowing on expectations of a possible tax cut to come. The warning from House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi echoed earlier remarks from Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, who has urged Congress to raise Washington’s borrowing limit before lawmakers leave for a long August recess. “It should probably be done before we leave (at) the end of July,” Pelosi told reporters in the Capitol. “Many entities in our country are thinking they’re going to get a big tax break from President Trump for next year, and so the revenues are not coming in as fast this year as they should.” President Donald Trump and fellow Republicans in Congress  have promised to overhaul the tax code, including slashing tax rates. Trump’s chief economic advisor, Gary Cohn, told Fox Business News on Friday the administration will deliver a tax plan to Congress after the August recess. In view of promises like this that the administration has been making for months, some analysts have speculated that companies and wealthy Americans may be shifting income into 2018 in expectation of a coming tax cut. A May 5 report by the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office said government tax receipts for early 2017 were 3 percent lower than expected, due to smaller-than-anticipated payments from individuals and corporations. The CBO said this could be due in part to shifting of income to later years in hopes of taking advantage of a future tax cut. The U.S. government periodically raises the legal limit of how much money it can borrow to cover its budget deficit. Washington spends more money than it takes in from taxes. The hike must be approved by Congress, a decision that in recent years has been fraught with political drama.  In early March, the Treasury Department began implementing cash management measures to stave off hitting the existing debt limit. Those efforts were expected to be exhausted by October or November, but the latest data suggest that could happen sooner.  In 2011, the United States came close to what would have been a historic default as Republicans withheld their support for a debt limit increase in order to win deep budget cuts.  ",1
3425,Trump's continued search for new FBI chief seen as chaotic: sources,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump is still looking for a new FBI director more than three weeks after he fired James Comey, and sources familiar with the recruiting process say it has been chaotic and that job interviews led by Trump have been brief. Three close associates of three contenders for the job, all of whom have been interviewed by Trump, said the candidates were summoned to the White House for 10- to 20-minute conversations with Trump, Vice President Mike Pence and Attorney General Jeff Sessions. Those conversations, which followed initial interviews at the Justice Department, have been light on questions about substantive issues facing the agency, the three associates said. While the department has compiled a long list of candidates for the White House, there has been no “clear framework or logic for who was interviewed and why,” said one of the sources.  Another of the three sources described the process as chaotic and said that in one interview, Trump spoke mostly about himself and seemed distracted. The White House declined to comment on the nature of the interview process. Spokesman Sean Spicer said on Friday that Trump continues to meet with candidates but would not give a timeline for choosing a nominee.  On May 18, Trump told reporters he was “very close” to sending a nomination for a new director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation to the Senate. At the time, former Senator Joe Lieberman was a front-runner for the post. He withdrew his name from consideration on May 25. At least a dozen other people have been under consideration, according to a White House spokeswoman, but not all have been interviewed by Trump. Republican Representative Trey Gowdy was under consideration but he said on May 15 he was not interested.  The next day, Republican Senator John Cornyn, also a contender, said he would stay in the Senate.  Spicer said on Tuesday that Trump planned to meet that afternoon with John Pistole, a former deputy director of the FBI and head of the Transportation Security Administration, and Chris Wray, former head of the Justice Department’s criminal division.  The White House has said Trump also interviewed Lieberman, former Oklahoma Governor Frank Keating, acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe and former FBI official Richard McFeely.    Trump reportedly told Russian officials during a visit to the White House on May 10 that firing Comey the previous day relieved “great pressure” the president was feeling from an investigation of possible ties between his election campaign team and Russian officials.  The New York Times first reported that, in his remarks to the Russians, Trump called Comey “crazy, a real nut job.” Trump has denied any collusion between Russia and his presidential campaign. He has repeatedly questioned the U.S. intelligence finding that Russian President Vladimir Putin directed an operation intended to swing the election in Trump’s favor against Democratic rival Hillary Clinton. Russia has repeatedly denied any effort to interfere in the U.S. election, but Putin said on Thursday some Russians might have acted on their own without their government’s involvement. Comey is set to testify on Thursday before the Senate Intelligence Committee in open session and in private. Comey will reportedly talk about pressure from Trump that he drop his investigation into former national security advisor Michael Flynn.  ",1
3426,"Putin praises Trump, says U.S. spies may have faked hacking evidence","ST PETERSBURG, Russia (Reuters) - President Vladimir Putin said on Friday that Donald Trump had run a better presidential campaign than Hillary Clinton and that U.S. intelligence agencies could have easily faked what he said was false evidence that Russia had hacked the Democratic Party. U.S. intelligence officials have said Russia tried to interfere in the U.S. election by hacking Trump’s opponents, a charge that has deepened a political scandal which has focused on whether Trump had improper ties with Moscow, something he flatly denies.  Putin, addressing the St Petersburg International Economic Forum, said on Friday that the hacking accusations were nothing more than “harmful gossip” which he complained was damaging international relations and the global economy.  He said he had personally reviewed the U.S. intelligence reports which made the hacking allegations against Russia, and that they contained no meaningful evidence. “I have read these reports,” said Putin. “Even in these reports there is nothing specific but only assumptions and conclusions based on assumptions.” The idea that the hacking had reportedly been carried out from Russian IP addresses which constituted meaningful evidence of anything was absurd, he said.  “Where are the finger prints? IP addresses can be faked. Do you know how many specialists there are who can make it look as if your children sent something from your home IP address? They can fake anything and then accuse anyone. It’s not evidence.” Putin, who is keen to repair battered U.S.-Russia relations and is expected to meet Trump for the first time at the G20 in Hamburg in July, said Trump had simply run a better campaign and better connected with voters than Clinton. He said her supporters were now trying to blame Russia for their failure. “But the problem is not with us, the problem is inside American politics,” said Putin. “The other (Clinton) team miscalculated. They don’t want to admit their mistake. It’s easier for them to say that they are not guilty, that the Russians are the guilty ones for interfering in our election. It reminds me of anti-Semitism.” Visibly irritated by having to discuss the matter, Putin was equally forthright about denying separate accusations that there had been some kind of secret deal between Moscow and the Trump team before his inauguration. “There was nothing concrete, zero. It’s just hysteria. Should I give you a pill?” Putin said to a moderator who asked him about the matter.       ",1
3427,"Day before Comey appearance, U.S. intel chiefs to testify on surveillance","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Top U.S. intelligence officials will testify before a Senate panel next week on the law governing the collection of foreign intelligence, parts of which are due to expire at the end of the year, the Senate Intelligence Committee said on Friday.  Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats, Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe, National Security Agency Director Mike Rogers and Deputy U.S. Attorney General Rod Rosenstein will appear before the committee in both open public and closed-door hearings on Wednesday to discuss the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, or FISA, the committee said in a statement.  The next day, former FBI Director James Comey, who was fired by President Donald Trump last month, is scheduled to testify before the same committee.  Comey had been overseeing an FBI investigation into Russian interference during the 2016 presidential election and possible collusion between Moscow and Trump associates, and the Senate panel is conducting a parallel probe. A part of FISA known as Section 702 will expire on Dec. 31 unless Congress votes to reauthorize it. The statute allows the NSA to collect digital communications of foreigners believed to be living overseas whose communications pass through American phone or internet providers. For technical reasons, it also incidentally collects data on Americans, a practice that privacy advocates have said evades Constitutional protections against warrantless searches. FISA and U.S. surveillance practices have come under increased scrutiny in recent months amid unsubstantiated assertions by President Donald Trump and other Republicans that the White House under former President Barack Obama improperly spied on Trump or his associates.  A bipartisan coalition of lawmakers in the House of Representatives is working on legislation that would renew Section 702 but with additional transparency and oversight, among other changes, though it remains unclear if it would have enough support to pass Congress and be signed by Trump. A White House official told Reuters in March the administration supported the law’s renewal and did not want to alter it. ",1
3428,U.S. House to vote on Republican Dodd-Frank reform bill next week,"(Reuters) - The U.S. House of Representatives will vote on a broad bill to reform and repeal portions of the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial reform law next week, according to a top Republican official. Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy announced Friday that the House will consider the Financial CHOICE Act in the coming days. The Republican majority is expected to pass the measure. But it faces an uncertain future in the Senate where Democrats are broadly opposed to the legislation and their votes are needed to pass it. “This is a jobs bill for Main Street. It will rein in the overreach of Dodd-Frank that has allowed the big banks to get bigger while small businesses have been unable to get the loans they need to succeed,” said Speaker Paul Ryan in a statement supporting the measure. The bill, authored by Representative Jeb Hensarling, would repeal large portions of Dodd-Frank, while placing significant new restrictions on financial regulators like the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. It would eliminate new powers granted to regulators after the crisis that allowed them to wind down failing institutions, and allow banks to be exempted from many existing financial rules if they agree to boost their capital reserves. ",1
3429,Ex-FBI chief Comey to testify next week in Russia probe,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Former FBI Director James Comey will testify next Thursday before a U.S. Senate panel investigating Russia’s alleged meddling in the 2016 U.S. election, in a hearing that could add to difficulties facing President Donald Trump. In his first public appearance since Trump fired him on May 9, Comey will address the Senate Intelligence Committee in both an open session and behind closed doors, which would allow him to discuss classified information, the committee said on Thursday. Comey was leading the FBI’s probe into the allegations, and his firing sparked a political uproar. Facing rising pressure, the Justice Department last month named Robert Mueller, another former FBI chief, as a special counsel to investigate the matter. The Justice Department and multiple U.S. congressional committees are investigating Russia’s actions in the 2016 presidential election and questions about possible collusion between Russian officials and Trump campaign associates. At next week’s hearing, Comey is expected to be asked about conversations in which Trump is reported to have pressured him to drop an investigation into former national security adviser Michael Flynn, whose ties to Russia are under scrutiny. Controversy erupted again this week after the Republican head of the House of Representatives Intelligence Committee, Devin Nunes, approved subpoenas to the CIA, FBI and National Security Agency for information relating to the “unmasking” of the names of Trump campaign advisers inadvertently picked up in top-secret foreign communications intercepts. The White House and Nunes have alleged that former Democratic President Barack Obama’s administration eavesdropped on Trump’s campaign, an assertion that Comey has disputed and current U.S. officials dismiss as absurd. Four current and former U.S. officials who have reviewed the materials told Reuters there was no evidence that political motives drove Obama’s aides to request the names be unredacted. “There is no substance to this, so the only way to look at it is as an attempt to distract the headlines and the public from Comey’s public testimony and Mueller’s investigation, both of which are serious,” said one of the U.S. officials familiar with the information Nunes subpoenaed. Committee aides complained Nunes had acted unilaterally, and the top Democrat on the panel, Representative Adam Schiff, said Nunes’ actions violated his earlier decision to recuse himself from the Russia probe. Democratic Representative Jackie Speier said it appeared that Nunes was “more concerned with pushing the White House narrative than seeking the truth.”  Trump on Thursday renewed his allegation, without citing evidence, that his campaign communications were monitored, saying in a tweet: “The big story is the ‘unmasking and surveillance’ of people that took place during the Obama administration.” Nunes followed suit hours later, tweeting: “Seeing a lot of fake news from media elites and others who have no interest in violations of Americans’ civil liberties via unmaskings.” The names of U.S. citizens mentioned in foreign communications intercepted by U.S. intelligence agencies are normally redacted, or “masked,” in intelligence reports. The requests to unmask the names of Trump associates underwent the same stringent evaluations that U.S. privacy laws and intelligence regulations require for all such applications, and they produced nothing out of the ordinary, said the four officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity. At most, only one of the requests related to Russia in any way, and the rest pertained to other countries, two of them said. The requests involved between 30 and 40 top-secret reports on intercepted communications in which foreign officials outside the United States mentioned the Trump campaign and people involved in it, the officials said. The reports contained no evidence that any Americans were targets of U.S. eavesdropping operations, they said. Russia has repeatedly denied any effort to interfere in the U.S. election, but Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday some Russians might have acted on their own without their government’s involvement. Trump has denied any collusion between Russia and his campaign. He has repeatedly questioned the U.S. intelligence finding that Putin directed an operation that included computer hacking, fake news and propaganda intended to swing the election in Trump’s favor against Democratic rival Hillary Clinton. ",1
3430,Putin: Russia struck no secret agreements with Trump team,"ST PETERSBURG, Russia (Reuters) - President Vladimir Putin said on Friday that allegations there had been a secret deal between Moscow and Donald Trump before his inauguration as U.S. president were “hysteria.” “There was nothing concrete, zero. It’s just hysteria. Should I give you a pill?” Putin told a moderator when asked about a possible deal between Trump and Moscow. Putin, addressing the St Petersburg International Economic Forum, accused the United States of carrying out “crude and systematic interference in Russian affairs for many years”. ",1
3431,Trump economic adviser Cohn says coal can be competitive again: CNBC,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump’s top economic adviser on Friday said the nation’s withdrawal from the Paris climate accord will help keep energy markets competitive, allowing for a potential comeback in coal prices and the U.S. coal industry. Speaking in an interview on CNBC, National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn said that despite competition from cheap natural gas, “at some point in the cycle, coal will be competitive again,” adding: “We need to keep our options available to have the cheapest available energy” on a global market. ",1
3432,"Trump dismays, angers allies by abandoning global climate pact","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump on Thursday said he would withdraw the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement to fight climate change, drawing anger and condemnation from world leaders and heads of industry. Trump, tapping into the “America First” message he used when he was elected president last year, said the Paris accord would undermine the U.S. economy, cost U.S. jobs, weaken American national sovereignty and put the country at a permanent disadvantage to the other countries of the world. “We’re getting out,” Trump said at a ceremony in the White House Rose Garden under sunny skies on a warm June day, fulfilling a major election campaign pledge. “We don’t want other leaders and other countries laughing at us any more. And they won’t be,” Trump said. “The same nations asking us to stay in the agreement are the countries that have collectively cost America trillions of dollars through tough trade practices and in many cases lax contributions to our critical military alliance,” Trump added. Republican U.S. congressional leaders backed Trump. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell applauded Trump “for dealing yet another significant blow to the Obama administration’s assault on domestic energy production and jobs.” Supporters of the accord, including some leading U.S. business figures, called Trump’s move a blow to international efforts to tackle dangers for the planet posed by global warming. Former Democratic President Barack Obama expressed regret over the pullout from a deal he was instrumental in brokering. “But even in the absence of American leadership; even as this administration joins a small handful of nations that reject the future; I’m confident that our states, cities, and businesses will step up and do even more to lead the way, and help protect for future generations the one planet we’ve got,” Obama added. Trump, who has called climate change a hoax, said his administration would begin negotiations either to re-enter the Paris accord or to have a new agreement “on terms that are fair to the United States, its businesses, its workers, its people, its taxpayers.” He complained in particular about China’s terms under the agreement. International leaders reacted with disappointment, even anger.  “The decision made by U.S. President Trump amounts to turning their backs on the wisdom of humanity. I’m very disappointed... I am angry,” Japanese Environment Minister Koichi Yamamoto told a news conference on Friday in an unusually frank tone. German Chancellor Angela Merkel, French President Emmanuel Macron and Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni said in a rare joint statement the agreement could not be renegotiated and urged their allies to hasten efforts to combat climate change and adapt. “While the U.S. decision is disheartening, we remain inspired by the growing momentum around the world to combat climate change and transition to clean growth economies,” said Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau. A summit between Chinese Premier Li Keqiang and top European Union officials in Brussels on Friday will end with a joint statement - the first ever issued by China and the EU -  committing both sides to full implementation of the Paris accord. Speaking in Berlin a day earlier, Premier Li said China, the world’s biggest emitter of greenhouse gases, would stick to its commitment to fight climate change. Russia also voiced abiding support for the Paris accord, regardless of the U.S. withdrawal. “We made the decision to join, and I don’t think we will (change) it,” Deputy Prime Minister Arkady Dvorkovich was quoted as saying by RIA news agency. In India, one of the world’s fastest growing major economies and a growing contributor to pollution, a top advisor to    Prime Minister Narendra Modi vouched for intentions to switch to renewable power generation independent of the Paris accord. “The prime minister is very keen on this,” Arvind Panagariya said. With Trump’s action, the United States will walk away from nearly every other nation in the world on one of the pressing global issues of the 21st century. Syria and Nicaragua are the only other non-participants in the accord, signed by 195 nations in Paris in 2015. Fiji’s Prime Minister Frank Bainimarama, who is the incoming head of the U.N. Climate Change Conferences, which formalized the 2015 pact, said Trump’s decision was “deeply disappointing”. Fiji, like many other small island nations, is seen as particularly vulnerable to global warming and a possible rise in ocean levels as a result of melting polar ice. U.S. business leaders voiced exasperation with the Trump administration. “Today’s decision is a setback for the environment and for the U.S.’s leadership position in the world,” Goldman Sachs Group Inc Chief Executive Lloyd Blankfein wrote on Twitter. Tesla Inc CEO Elon Musk and Walt Disney CEO Robert Iger said they would leave White House advisory councils after Trump’s move. Under the Paris accord, which took years to reach, rich and poor countries committed to reducing emissions of greenhouse gases generated by burning fossil fuels that are blamed by scientists for warming the planet. (GRAPHIC - The 2015 Paris Agreement to limit climate change: tmsnrt.rs/2f3oKDV)     “I was elected to represent the citizens of Pittsburgh, not Paris,” Trump said. Pittsburgh’s mayor, Democrat Bill Peduto, shot back on Twitter that his city, long the heart of the U.S. steel industry, actually embraced the Paris accord. The spokesman for U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres called the action a “major disappointment.” The U.N. body that handles climate negotiations said the accord could not be renegotiated based on the request of a single nation. Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull, speaking in Singapore on Friday, also called the U.S. decision “disappointing... but not at all surprising,” adding that Australia remained “committed to our Paris commitments.” South Korea’s foreign ministry said in a statement “it is regrettable that the U.S. withdrawal from the Paris climate accord will undermine international responsibility and efforts to respond to climate change.” Trump said the United States would stop payments to the U.N. Green Climate Fund, in which rich countries committed billions of dollars to help developing nations deal with floods, droughts and other impacts from climate change. The White House said it would stick to U.N. rules for withdrawing from the pact. Those rules require a nation to wait three years from the date the pact gained legal force, Nov. 4, 2016, before formally seeking to leave. That country must then wait another year.  Apple CEO Tim Cook expressed disappointment and said in an email to employees that he had spoken with Trump on Tuesday to try to persuade him to stay in the Paris accord. “It wasn’t enough,” he said. Other business leaders warned that the U.S. economy would give away technological leadership. General Electric CEO Jeff Immelt said he was disappointed, adding: “Climate change is real. Industry must now lead and not depend on government.” Democrats also blasted Trump. Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer called the decision “one of the worst policy moves made in the 21st century because of the huge damage to our economy, our environment and our geopolitical standing.” The United States had committed to reduce emissions by 26 to 28 percent from 2005 levels by 2025. The United States accounts for more than 15 percent of total worldwide greenhouse gas emissions, second only to China. Leading climate scientists say greenhouse gas emissions trap heat in the atmosphere and have caused a warming planet, sea level rise, droughts and more frequent violent storms. A “Global Trends” report prepared by the U.S. Director of National Intelligence’s office, released on Jan. 9, warned that climate change posed security risks because of extreme weather, stress on water and food, and global tensions over how to manage the changes.  Last year was the warmest since records began in the 19th Century, as global average temperatures continued a rise dating back decades that scientists attribute to greenhouse gases. Frank Rijsberman, Director-General of Seoul based Global Green Growth Institute expected international funding for investment needed to fight climate change would suffer, noting a $1 billion reduction in U.S. funding the Green Climate Fund in South Korea. Economists said the U.S. withdrawal would potentially cost U.S. jobs. China and the EU both already employ more workers in the renewable energy sector than the United States, according to the data from the International Renewable Energy Agency (Irena). “Winding back the climate agenda means that the U.S. will be left behind in the clean energy transition as other global players, such as in Europe and China, demonstrate greater commitment to deploying low carbon and job-creating solutions to climate change,” said Peter Kiernan, of the Economist Intelligence Unit. ",1
3433,"Trump misunderstood MIT climate research, university officials say"," NEW YORK (Reuters) - Massachusetts Institute of Technology officials said U.S. President Donald Trump badly misunderstood their research when he cited it on Thursday to justify withdrawing the United States from the Paris Climate Agreement.  Trump announced during a speech at the White House Rose Garden that he had decided to pull out of the landmark climate deal, in part because it would not reduce global temperatures fast enough to have a significant impact.  “Even if the Paris Agreement were implemented in full, with total compliance from all nations, it is estimated it would only produce a two-tenths of one degree Celsius reduction in global temperature by the year 2100,” Trump said.   “Tiny, tiny amount.”  That claim was attributed to research conducted by MIT, according to White House documents seen by Reuters. The Cambridge, Massaschusetts-based research university published a study in April 2016 titled “How much of a difference will the Paris Agreement make?” showing that if countries abided by their pledges in the deal, global warming would slow by between 0.6 degree and 1.1 degrees Celsius by 2100.  MORE FROM REUTERS* World pledges to save environment despite Trump* Musk, Iger to quit Trump advisory councils* Trump administration asks Supreme Court to revive travel ban “We certainly do not support the withdrawal of the U.S. from the Paris agreement,” said Erwan Monier, a lead researcher at the MIT Joint Program on the Science and Policy of Global Change, and one of the study’s authors.  “If we don’t do anything, we might shoot over 5 degrees or more and that would be catastrophic,” said John Reilly, the co-director of the program, adding that MIT’s scientists had had no contact with the White House and were not offered a chance to explain their work.  The Paris accord, reached by nearly 200 countries in 2015, was meant to limit global warming to 2 degrees or less by 2100, mainly through country pledges to cut carbon dioxide and other emissions from the burning of fossil fuels.  Under the pact, the United States - the world’s second biggest carbon emitter behind China - had committed to reduce its emissions by 26 percent to 28 percent from 2005 levels by 2025.  A senior administration official defended Trump’s use of the findings. “It’s not just MIT. I think there is a consensus, not only in the environmental community, but elsewhere that the Paris agreement in and of itself will have a negligible impact on climate,” the official told reporters at a briefing.  The dispute is the latest round of a years-long battle between scientists and politicians over how to interpret facts about the effects of burning fossil fuels on the global climate, and translate them into policy.  Trump has repeatedly cast doubt on the science of climate change and once called it a hoax perpetrated by China to weaken U.S. business.  ",1
3434,Russia says still likely to back Paris climate deal despite U.S. withdrawal,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia said on Friday it was still likely to back the landmark 2015 global agreement to fight climate change despite the U.S. withdrawal from the pact, but a Kremlin aide said Washington’s pull-out left a gaping hole in the deal.   Russia has signed the Paris climate pact but is the biggest emitter of global greenhouse gases not to have yet ratified it. Russian officials have said they need more time to assess its potential impact on their economy and have spoken of drafting a strategy for low-carbon development, fuelling fears among green campaigners Moscow may not ratify the agreement.   Deputy Prime Minister Arkady Dvorkovich said on Friday he did not think that U.S. President Donald Trump’s decision to pull his country out of the agreement would prompt Russia to rethink its own stance however.    “We made the decision to join, and I don’t think we will (change) it,” the RIA news agency cited Dvorkovich as telling reporters at an economic forum in St Petersburg. “The deal simply amounts to a signal about the unity of countries around a certain theme. I don’t think anyone doubts that the Americans will make environmental policy. We will definitely do this (make environmental policy) regardless of whether we are part of the agreement or not,” he added.   Separately, Kremlin aide Andrei Belousov told reporters at the same event that the U.S. withdrawal punched a gaping hole in the pact, rendering it unworkable. Belousov said Russia was analyzing the U.S. move, but said Russia’s own plans did not depend on the decision of others, including the United States.  “I think it’s a great shame because decisions that have been taken should not be changed,” he said of the U.S. withdrawal. “It’s obvious that without the participation of the United States the Paris agreement will be unworkable because the United States is one of the biggest generators of emissions.” President Vladimir Putin’s spokesman said on Thursday that Moscow attached “great significance” to the deal despite anything the United States might do. ",1
3435,India says committed to climate pact despite U.S. withdrawal,"NEW DELHI (Reuters) - India remains committed to the Paris agreement to tackle climate change regardless of what other countries do, the government said on Friday after President Donald Trump announced he would withdraw the United States from the landmark global pact. “India under [Prime Minister Narendra] Shri Modi’s leadership has taken up renewable energy as an article of faith and is steadfast on its Paris commitments, irrespective of what others do,” Power Minister Piyush Goyal said in a statement. Harsh Vardhan, India’s environment minister, said the world’s third largest greenhouse gas emitter was committed to ensure it did its best to address climate change and global warming. ",1
3436,BHP disappointed by Trump withdrawal from Paris climate pact,"LONDON (Reuters) - BHP, the world’s largest miner, said on Friday it was disappointed the United States had decided to withdraw from the Paris Agreement on climate change, but it did not affect its support for the deal and other countries should stay in. CEO Andrew Mackenzie held talks with Donald Trump in January shortly before he took office as president and tried to persuade him to stick with the pact agreed in December 2015 in Paris. Trump on Thursday said he was withdrawing from the deal, rejecting the advice of Mackenzie and many others, including his daughter Ivanka. “We note, with disappointment, the decision to withdraw the U.S. from the Paris Climate Accord,” BHP said in a statement. “However, it does not impact our long-held support for the agreement which we believe provides a solid foundation for a global response to climate change and for the transition to a less than 2°C outcome.”BHP is the world’s biggest producer of coking coal and a major producer of iron ore, both of which are used in steel-making, a major source of carbon emissions. It has lent its backing to a carbon price to help curb emissions, invested in carbon capture and storage technology to sequester emissions produced by burning fossil fuel and says it regularly updates its portfolio to assess its sustainability. While some small miners have said the Paris agreement could add to costs and limit options for exploration, other major miners, like BHP, have published sustainability reports that have explored the risk that investors could turn away from coal mines. Glencore, which is the biggest shipper of export quality coal, says the fuel is likely to remain the cheapest source of energy for many emerging economies, but it is seeking to use more renewable energy for its own operations.     It had no comment on Trump’s decision. ",1
3437,Paris climate deal cannot be renegotiated: EU Commissioner,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The Paris climate agreement cannot be renegotiated as U.S. President Donald Trump has suggested it can, European Commissioner for Climate Miguel Arias Canete said on Friday. “The agreement is fit for purpose. The Paris agreement is here to stay and the 29 articles of the Paris agreement are not to be renegotiated,” he told reporters after a meeting with his Chinese counterpart. Trump said during his announcement on Thursday of a U.S. withdrawal from the pact, that his administration would begin negotiations either to re-enter the Paris accord or to have a new agreement “on terms that are fair to the United States”. Canete also said that the EU would seek a partnership with U.S. companies or states that supported the Paris agreement.   ",1
3438,Germany not mulling sanctions against U.S. after climate pact withdrawal,"BERLIN (Reuters) - The German government is not considering sanctions against the United States after U.S. President Donald Trump sparked outrage around the world by deciding to withdraw from the Paris climate agreement, a spokesman said. Asked what the German government thought about the idea of economic sanctions, spokesman Steffen Seibert said: “I think we can say that’s not part of the German government’s policy.” ",1
3439,Merkel: Paris climate pact needed for sake of Mother Earth,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel pledged her country’s continued commitment to the Paris climate agreement in the wake of U.S. President Donald Trump’s withdrawal, saying the deal was a “cornerstone” of attempts to stop global warming. Merkel, one of the strongest advocates of the global pact to curb emissions of gases that speed climate change, said there was no turning back from the path that began with the 1997 Kyoto climate protocol and led to 2015’s Paris deal. “The decision of the U.S. to withdraw from the Paris climate agreement is very regrettable, and I’m expressing myself in a very reserved way when I say that,” she said, adding that the deal was needed to protect the environment. “We need this Paris agreement to preserve our Creation,” she said - a rare use of religious imagery by Merkel, a pastor’s daughter who is usually intensely private about her faith. “Nothing can or will stop us from doing that,” she added. Trump’s decision would not stop those who feel committed to protecting the planet, she said: “On the contrary, in Germany, in Europe and in the world, we will join forces to take on and successfully tackle big challenges facing humanity.” She said the agreement, which Trump rejected because he said it would impose “unfair” costs on U.S. industry, would ultimately result in more prosperity and greater opportunities for the world. “To everyone for whom the future of our planet is important, I say let’s continue down this path so we’re successful for our Mother Earth,” she said. German industry associations also criticized Trump’s decision to withdraw from the climate deal, warning that the move would harm the global economy and lead to market distortions. Germany’s DIHK Chambers of Commerce and the VDMA engineering industry association warned that U.S. companies could gain short-term advantages by Trump’s decision. “Climate protection can be pushed forward in an effective and competetion-friendly way only by all states,” said DIHK President Eric Schweitzer. Schweitzer said other countries should stick to their commitments, but warned that attempting to compensate for the U.S. withdrawal by other countries redoubling their commitments would be self-defeating. ",1
3440,Kremlin says Paris climate deal unworkable without U.S.: RIA,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Paris climate deal is unworkable without the participation of the United States, the RIA news agency cited Kremlin aide Andrei Belousov as saying on Friday. On Monday, President Donald Trump said the United States would be withdrawing from the 2015 landmark deal which is designed to fight climate change. Trump said the Paris accord would undermine the U.S. economy, cost U.S. jobs, weaken American national sovereignty and put the country at a permanent disadvantage to the other countries of the world. Russia has signed but not yet ratified the Paris accord. RIA cited Deputy Prime Minister Arkady Dvorkovich as saying earlier on Friday that Russia would not alter its decision to join the agreement despite the U.S. withdrawal. ",1
3441,German minister says global climate deal will survive U.S. pull-out,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German Environment Minister Barbara Hendricks said on Friday she expected other countries would press ahead with the Paris global climate deal after U.S. President Donald Trump announced he would pull the United States out of the landmark pact. “Regrettable though the American decision is, I’m optimistic that overall we’ll manage to push ahead with it and fulfill it,” Hendricks said of the climate pact. “The rest of the world is closing its ranks even more tightly so I’m very optimistic,” she added. ",1
3442,Comey to testify to U.S. Senate intelligence panel on June 8,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Former FBI Director James Comey will testify before the Senate Intelligence Committee on June 8 as part of its probe into alleged Russian meddling in the U.S. presidential election and possible collusion with President Donald Trump’s campaign, the committee said on Thursday. It said Comey would testify in an open session at 10 a.m., followed by a closed session. The former FBI chief, who was fired by Trump on May 9, is expected to testify on conversations he had with Trump in which the president reportedly asked him to drop an investigation into former White House national security adviser Michael Flynn. ",1
3443,German industry says Trump's climate pact pull-out harms global economy,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German industry associations on Friday criticized U.S. President Donald Trump’s decision to withdraw from a landmark agreement to fight climate change, warning that the move would harm the global economy and lead to market distortions. Trump said on Thursday the United States would withdraw from the 2015 Paris climate deal, a move that fulfilled a major campaign pledge but drew condemnation from global leaders and executives. He said his administration would begin talks either to re-enter the Paris accord or to have a new deal with better terms for the United States. “Trump’s climate refusal harms the economy,” said Thilo Brodtmann, Managing Director of Germany’s VDMA engineering industry association, adding that Trump was “putting campaign promises over the long-term interests of the world community.” This would harm the economy as well as the environment, since the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions can go hand in hand with economic growth if companies have planning certainty for investing in efficient technologies, he added. “Europe and its allies, as well as important federal states and companies in the U.S., must now hold their course,” Brodtmann said. In the long term, Europe would profit from its investment in climate-friendly technologies. Germany’s DIHK Chambers of Commerce warned that some U.S. companies could gain short-term advantages by Trump’s decision to pull out of the climate deal.  “Climate protection can be pushed forward in an effective and competition-friendly way only by all states,” said DIHK President Eric Schweitzer. Schweitzer said other countries should stick to their commitments, but warned that attempting to compensate for the U.S. withdrawal by other countries redoubling their commitments would be self-defeating. ",1
3444,"Musk, Iger to quit Trump advisory councils after Paris accord decision","(Reuters) - Tesla Inc Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co CEO Robert Iger said on Thursday they would leave White House advisory councils after U.S. President Donald Trump said he would withdraw from the Paris climate accord. Trump decided to pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement designed to fight climate change despite entreaties from U.S. allies and corporate leaders in an action that fulfilled a major campaign pledge.  “Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world,” Musk said in a Twitter post. He is a member of the President’s Strategic and Policy Forum, a business advisory group, and Trump’s manufacturing jobs council.  Musk said on Wednesday that he had done “all I can” to convince Trump to stay in the accord, and threatened to leave the presidential advisory councils if Trump announced a U.S. exit from the accord. Iger wrote on Twitter that “as a matter of principle, I’ve resigned from the President’s Council over the #ParisAgreement withdrawal.” He is leaving the business advisory group. Uber Technologies Inc [UBER.UL] CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council in February amid pressure from activists and employees who opposed the administration’s immigration policies. Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The group is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group LP and includes Indra Nooyi, the chief executive of PepsiCo Inc and Jamie Dimon, chief executive of JPMorgan Chase & Co . Late on Thursday, BlackRock Inc Chief Executive Larry Fink said he would continue to serve on Trump’s CEO Forum,  despite reservations about the White House decision to withdraw from the Paris accord.     “I accepted the invitation to serve on the President’s CEO Forum because I believe I can contribute to the policy dialogue in Washington and serve as a voice for investors,” Fink said in a statement.  “I am a strong believer that our industry needs to have a voice with governments around the world,” said Fink, whose company is the world’s largest asset manager, with $5.4 trillion under management. “I do not agree with all of the president’s policies and decisions, including today’s announcement to exit the U.S. from the Paris Agreement which I believe is a critical step forward in addressing climate change.” Asked about Musk’s resignation, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross told Fox News that “anybody who read the agreement and understood it would realize that this was not really about climate, this was about U.S. money going to other countries and it didn’t solve the climate problem.” Musk has met with Trump several times and spoken with him  about the long-term goal of his company SpaceX for flights to Mars carrying humans. The White House is planning to a hold a meeting with technology leaders on June 19, an administration spokesman said Wednesday. General Motors Co said Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra would remain on the presidential advisory panel, adding that her participation “provides GM a seat at an important table to contribute to a constructive dialogue about key policy issues.” In 2013, GM signed a declaration joining other major companies arguing that responding to climate change was good business. The automaker said on Thursday that despite the withdrawal it “will not waver from our commitment to the environment.” It was unclear whether Ford Motor Co’s new chief executive, James Hackett, would join Trump’s panel.  Ford spokeswoman Christin Baker said on Thursday the No.2 U.S. automaker believes “climate change is real, and remain deeply committed to reducing greenhouse gas emissions in our vehicles and our facilities.” ",1
3445,France says will lead renewed effort to 'make the planet great again',"PARIS (Reuters) - France, home of the 2015 Paris climate change accord, will redouble its efforts to limit carbon emissions and pull other signatory countries along with it, Environment Minister Nicolas Hulot said on Friday. Hulot was speaking hours after U.S. President Donald Trump confirmed his plan to pull the world’s second biggest carbon emitter out of the deal on the basis that it was bad for the American economy and would weaken its sovereignty. “It’s not dead. On the contrary France itself, rather than reduce its ambitions, will revise them upwards and we will pull along in our wake a number of other states,” Hulot said on Europe 1 radio. “France intends to maintain and reinforce its diplomatic leadership on this subject.” Hulot is a well-known French environmentalist who was pulled into the new government of President Emmanuel Macron as a minister when it was formed less than three weeks ago. Joining a stream of international criticism of the move, he  said talks would immediately get under way about a riposte, including with India, whose Prime Minister Narendra Modi visits France this weekend. Late on Thursday, Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni, German Chancellor Angela Merkel and Macron urged their allies to speed up efforts to combat climate change and said they would do more to help developing countries adapt.  Macron himself went on television on Thursday night to condemn Trump’s move. Speaking in a separate address in English,  he invited U.S. scientists and climate change researchers to come to France, and stole a Trump catch-phrase to say it was time to “make the planet great again”. French Prime Minister Edouard Philippe called Trump’s decision “calamitous”. “The gravity of this subject is well documented, and everyone knows the considerable efforts we have to deliver to be up to this major challenge, yet the president of the United States consciously decides to pull out,” he said on RTL Radio. “It’s calamitous for the planet.” ",1
3446,China says it will stick to commitment to fight climate change,BEIJING (Reuters) - China said on Friday it would stick to its commitment to fight climate change after President Donald Trump said he would withdraw the United States from the landmark 2015 Paris global agreement to curb climate change. Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying made the comment at a daily news briefing in Beijing. Trump’s move fulfilled a major campaign pledge but drew condemnation from U.S. allies and business leaders. ,1
3447,China's media calls Trump's withdrawal from Paris accord 'global setback',"SHANGHAI (Reuters) - China’s state news agency Xinhua described U.S. President Donald Trump’s decision to withdraw from the Paris climate accord as a “global setback” and rejected Trump’s claim that it would lead to many more jobs in America. In a commentary published on Friday, Xinhua suggested that no one country was now likely take up leadership of global efforts to fight climate change. China overtook the United States as the world’s biggest emitter of greenhouse gases in 2007 but analysts see the U.S. withdrawal as an opportunity for China to burnish its image as a global leader. “Trump’s decision to ditch the Paris deal will leave a fairly big shoe for a single country to fill,” Xinhua said, adding that major players such as China, the European Union and India had reiterated their willingness to step up efforts. Leaving the 2015 Paris accord would hardly translate into a substantial increase in new jobs as the fossil fuel industries were highly automated, Xinhua said. Noting that Trump said he had had “extensive discussions” with people on both sides of the climate debate, it said: “One can only assume that Trump has very good reasons to leave the Paris agreement, and that he knows the implications of U.S. retreat from the landmark deal”. Trump, tapping into the “America First” message he used when he was elected president last year, said the Paris accord would undermine the U.S. economy, cost U.S. jobs, weaken American national sovereignty and put the country at a permanent disadvantage to other countries such as China. The Global Times, an influential state-run tabloid, said in an editorial published on Thursday before Trump’s announcement that China was not interested in discussions about the leadership of fighting climate change and would focus on its own promises to reduce emissions. It called the withdrawal “reckless” and would “waste  increasingly finite U.S. diplomatic resources.” “There are indeed some underprivileged people in the U.S, but their troubles are mainly caused by bad internal governance. Seeking external reasons for domestic woes is by no means what the world’s largest economy should do,” it said.  ",1
3448,Trump withdrawal from climate deal gets mixed response from U.S. companies,"NEW YORK/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Thursday withdrawing the country from the Paris climate accord would stave off an economic crisis and protect American jobs - but many American companies seemed to disagree. Criticism of his decision rolled in from blue-chip companies like Facebook Inc, Apple Inc , Ford Motor Co  and Microsoft Corp , while the response from fossil fuel groups with the most to gain from a relaxation of U.S. carbon emissions standards was muted.  Tesla Inc Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co CEO Robert Iger said they would leave White House advisory councils over Trump’s decision. In an interview on Thursday, the president of the World Coal Association, Benjamin Sporton, told Reuters that he had mixed feelings about Trump’s announcement, adding he was eager to see a U.S. policy that actively promotes a place for coal in the global energy mix. “What we really need to see, if the president wants to re-enter the deal, is that he can change the agreement to recognize the role of all sources of energy, including coal,” Sporton said, adding his group had described to administration officials the benefits of remaining in the agreement. The American Petroleum Institute, the oil and gas industry’s biggest trade group, meanwhile, issued a statement saying it had never taken an official position on the Paris accord.  A number of its members, including Exxon Mobil Corp and ConocoPhillips, had publicly supported the deal. “For us, our position on the Paris agreement... we need a framework like that to address the risks of climate change,” Exxon Mobil CEO Darren Woods told reporters on the sidelines of the company’s annual general meeting on Wednesday. Some other groups expressed measured support for Trump’s decision, saying it provided an opportunity to fix problems with the deal. “Manufacturers support the spirit of the Paris Agreement and the effort to address climate change through a fair international agreement. But as the president has acknowledged, certain elements of this deal were not equitable for U.S. manufacturers,” said Ross Eisenberg, vice president for energy and resources policy at the National Association of Manufacturers, in a statement to Reuters.  A spokesman for Peabody Energy Corp, America’s largest publicly traded coal miner, had said on Wednesday that the company would support a decision by Trump to withdraw from the Paris deal because the “accord is flawed on a number of levels.” Trump vowed during his campaign to pull the United States out of the Paris deal, arguing the pact would cost the United States trillions of dollars, kill jobs, and stymie economic growth without providing tangible benefit. His critics have argued, however, that the risks of climate change require action, and that a shift to a low-carbon energy economy can create more jobs than it eliminates. Spokespeople for other extractive oil and mining groups, like the National Mining Association and the American Fuel & Petrochemicals Manufacturers, declined to comment on Trump’s decision to withdraw from the Paris accord. But a number of other business leaders derided it in forceful terms. “Today’s decision is a setback for the environment and for the U.S.’s leadership position in the world,” said Goldman Sachs Chief Executive Lloyd Blankfein in his first-ever tweet.  “Disappointed with today’s decision on the Paris Agreement. Climate change is real. Industry must now lead and not depend on government,” tweeted General Electric Co’s Jeff Immelt. Apple’s CEO Tim Cook, meanwhile, posted to Twitter: “Decision to withdraw from the #ParisAgreeement was wrong for our planet” and “Apple is committed to fight climate change and we will never waver”. “Withdrawing from the Paris climate agreement is bad for the environment, bad for the economy, and it puts our children’s future at risk,” wrote Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg in a Facebook post.  ",1
3449,Japan says U.S. withdrawal from global climate pact 'regrettable',"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan said on Friday the decision by the United States to withdraw from the Paris climate accord was “regrettable” and that climate change required a concerted effort by the whole of the international community. “Japan believes the leadership of the developed countries to be of great importance (on climate issues), and the steady implementation of the Paris Agreement is critical in this regard,” the Ministry of Foreign Affairs said in a statement. Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told a news conference that Japan would continue to call on the United States to engage on the issue of climate change. ",1
3450,U.S. environmental agency to offer buyouts to cut staff: memo,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency plans to offer some employees a buyout program to reduce staff, according to an internal memo seen by Reuters, as President Donald Trump proposes slashing the agency’s budget and workforce to reduce regulation. The memo sent by acting Deputy Administrator Mike Flynn on Thursday said the agency wants to complete the buyout program by September. It did not give a dollar figure for the buyouts or say how many employees it hoped would take the offer. The memo was sent to all employees at the same time EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt joined Trump at the White House to announce that the United States would withdraw from the Paris climate agreement. “Early outs and buy outs ... can help us realign our workforce to meet changing mission requirements and move toward new models of work,” the memo said. “The authority encourages voluntary separations and helps the Agency complete workforce restructuring with minimal disruption to the workforce.” The EPA would see the biggest cuts of any federal agency in Trump’s 2018 budget proposal, with a 31 percent reduction in budget and the elimination of over 3,200 employees. The EPA employs about 15,000 people.  In the memo, Flynn said the White House Office of Management and Budget must still approve the buyout plan. The EPA and other federal agencies have offered buyouts to employees from time to time in the past. Details on the selection criteria for employees in the pool were still being worked out, the memo said. Career staff at the EPA have been on edge since Trump took office, as the president vowed to undo major EPA air and water regulations in his first 100 days. Pruitt, who was an instrumental voice in convincing Trump to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord, doubts that human beings drive climate change and believes the agency should pare back regulations on the energy industry. The agency has also removed references to climate change and links to key EPA climate change reports from its website. ",1
3451,Three lawmakers question Kushner Cos on concerns over White House tie,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Three Democratic lawmakers sent a letter to the president of Kushner Companies on Thursday seeking information related to concerns that the real estate firm has exploited Jared Kushner’s role as a White House adviser to attract investment through a federal immigration program.  Jared Kushner, the son-in-law of President Donald Trump and one of his top advisers, early this year stepped down as chief executive officer of his family’s real estate company. Senator Patrick Leahy and Representatives John Conyers and Zoe Lofgren, in the nine-page letter dated Thursday and sent to Kushner Companies President Laurent Morali, asked for details about the company’s controversial May road show in China, where the developer offered investors a chance to get U.S. visas under the EB-5 program if they put money in a project in New Jersey, One Journal Square. The letter, which was released publicly, also asked Kushner Companies what steps it has taken to ensure its affiliates do not exploit Jared Kushner’s White House role when wooing investors in the future. The lawmakers cited a May 12 Reuters report that a Chinese immigration agency promoting the Kushner Companies project had touted Kushner’s White House connections to assure potential investors that the One Journal Square project would succeed and investors would receive green cards.   Such guarantees are prohibited by the rules of the EB-5 program, which grants foreigners a U.S. green card in exchange for investing $500,000 or more in development projects in low-employment areas of the United States. Kushner Companies did not immediately return calls for comment. Kushner Companies had apologized for Nicole Kushner Meyer’s reference to her brother, Jared Kushner, when pitching One Journal Square in China in May.  The letter by the three Democrats follows a call by the Republican chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, Chuck Grassley, last week for a probe into “potentially fraudulent statements and misrepresentations” made by companies promoting investment in the One Journal Square project. Leahy, Conyers, and Lofgren - all members of the House or Senate Judiciary Committees - noted in their letter that they have worked with Republican committee members since 2015 to improve the EB-5 program by enacting tougher anti-fraud measures. Jared Kushner used to be closely involved with groups that lobbied against those reform efforts, according to the letter, including one firm that is marketing the One Journal Square project. The Democratic lawmakers’ letter asked if Kushner Companies had engaged in any lobbying related to EB-5 program reforms or discussed the program with Kushner since Trump took office in January.  ",1
3452,"Trump's Paris decision followed debate between moderates, anti-globalists","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s decision to pull out of the Paris climate deal followed an internal debate that pitted anti-globalist advisers like Steve Bannon against more moderate voices such as Trump’s daughter, Ivanka, and top economic adviser, Gary Cohn. In the end, Trump stuck to a promise that he had made on the campaign trail last year aimed at helping blue-collar workers who he feels are under siege in a changing U.S. economy. “I was elected to represent the citizens of Pittsburgh, not Pars,” he said on Thursday in making his announcement. But Trump’s intentions concerning the Paris accord were unclear even to some of his aides until the last day or so, since he has shown flexibility on some campaign promises and had gotten an earful about the need to stay in the agreement from key allies at a Group of Seven summit last week in Sicily. At the White House, the behind-the-scenes debate about whether to stay in Paris or bolt was an intense one that dragged on for weeks. Ivanka Trump, whose husband, Jared Kushner, is a senior White House adviser, had been quietly urging her father to keep the United States in the Paris agreement, and had sought to ensure her father heard all sides in the debate, an official said. Cohn last week suggested Trump might be softening on his outright hostility toward the accord, telling reporters the president’s position was “evolving” based on input from world leaders who wanted the United States to remain in the agreement. Kushner, on the other hand, came around to the view that the standards set out in the agreement did not work for the U.S. economy, a senior administration official said. The official said the question for Kushner was whether to try to change those standards within the agreement or pull out. Consistently in favor of pulling out were Bannon and Trump speechwriter Stephen Miller, who was involved in writing Trump’s Paris remarks, and Scott Pruitt, administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. Both Bannon and Miller are seen as key architects of Trump’s “America First” agenda, which is aimed at ensuring U.S. interests are taken into account over a globalist view. Although there had been some discussion of keeping the United States in the Paris accord, while changing its carbon emissions commitments, as a way of maintaining global unity, in the end, Trump decided to cut the cord entirely. “I think the president’s legal team felt very strongly that it was best, that the cleanest way to address it was to just get out,” a senior administration official told reporters. ",1
3453,"California, other states vow to lead as Trump exits Paris climate pact","SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - State governors and city mayors were quick to claim the mantle of U.S. leadership in fighting climate change after President Donald Trump said on Thursday the country will pull out of the Paris climate agreement. The officials said they collectively could show the international community that the United States remained committed to cutting the emissions that scientists blame for global warming. Governors and analysts cited moves including California’s effort to get 100 percent of its electricity from renewable sources, northeast states potentially tightening maximum allowances for carbon and Oregon working on measures to put a price on carbon. “There is a pathway here where the rest of America in reaction to, really, what is an insane decision by president Trump, takes the kind of steps needed,” California Governor Jerry Brown told Reuters.  More states could follow California and neighboring Oregon’s lead on low-carbon fuel standards, expand zero emission vehicle requirements and potentially merge carbon measures such as taxes, caps and trading, the governors and analysts said. “There is a possibility over time that states could increase their cap-and-trade markets and merge them, including across national boundaries, as has happened with Quebec and California,” Washington state Governor Jay Inslee said in an interview with Reuters, referring to regional carbon trading systems already in place in the Northeast and West. Inslee, Brown and New York Governor Andrew Cuomo on Thursday announced the creation of a “climate alliance” for states committed to the Paris goals.     Trump announced his decision to withdraw from the Paris accord, saying the its requirement to cut U.S. emission of carbon dioxide threatened millions of jobs and productivity. He said he would start a process that could last four years to withdraw from the deal, which has been signed by almost every other nation on Earth. [L1N1IY0MV] The president used declining coal industry jobs as an example of his concern that the climate pledge was hurting U.S. workers. But critics of his move pointed out that renewable energy industries, particularly solar, are creating hundreds of thousands of jobs - far more than currently exist in coal. “This decision won’t bring back coal jobs in the United States. That train has left the station,” California state senate leader Kevin de Leon, a Democrat, said of Trump’s withdrawal. “Clean energy is the future.” De Leon introduced a bill that would require California get 100 percent of its retail electricity from renewables by 2045, and it passed the state senate on Wednesday. California Governor Brown is heading to China on Friday to lead a conference of states and other “subnational” actors making voluntary commitments to cut greenhouse grasses.  The group, the “Under2” coalition, which takes its name from the Paris accord’s effort to keep global warming below 2 degrees Celsius, has grown to 170 jurisdictions representing more than a third of the global economy over the past two years - including 10 states in the United States. Brown said he was exploring the possibility of integrating California and Chinese provincial carbon trading systems. That would be a “heavy lift” he said, but “I am going to discuss that with the highest officials in China this week.” Smaller states also aim to lead by example. Connecticut Department of Energy and Environmental Protection chief Rob Klee said he was working on a program to build electric vehicle infrastructure. “What we believe we can do in Connecticut is show the policies that can work,” he said. The U.S. commitment under Paris of cutting emissions by 26 percent to 28 percent below 2005 levels by 2025 is ambitious, though. John Larsen of Rhodium Group estimated the United States under Trump policies was on track for a 15 percent to 19 percent reduction. “At this stage in the game, new experimentation at the state level with new policy options could be really, really important to not just meeting Paris but driving emissions down in the long run,” he said. Several cities said that they would work toward reaching the goal. “We are increasing investments in renewable energy and energy efficiency. We will buy and create more demand for electric cars and trucks,” a group of more than 50 mayors from cities ranging from Houston, Texas to New Orleans, Louisiana said in a statement on Thursday. The various coalitions of states and cities said that they had the heft to command international attention. “Clearly California is sort of the big dog in this pack, but our ability to work with California and Washington and British Columbia has a huge impact,” Oregon Governor Kate Brown told Reuters.    ",1
3454,"Factbox: Critics lament Trump climate move, supporters seek new deal","(Reuters) - World leaders, Democratic members of Congress and others deplored U.S. President Donald Trump’s decision on Thursday to pull out of the Paris climate accord, while supporters said the United States needed a more advantageous deal. Following are reactions to Trump’s announcement: “We deem the momentum generated in Paris in December 2015 irreversible and we firmly believe that the Paris Agreement cannot be renegotiated since it is a vital instrument for our planet, societies and economies.” - Joint statement from Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni, German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Emmanuel Macron “The nations that remain in the Paris Agreement will be the nations that reap the benefits in jobs and industries created.  I believe the United States of America should be at the front of the pack. But even in the absence of American leadership, even as this administration joins a small handful of nations that reject the future, I’m confident that our states, cities, and businesses will step up and do even more to lead the way and help protect for future generations the one planet we’ve got.” - Former U.S. President Barack Obama, who was in office when the accord took effect in November, in a statement “I tell you firmly tonight: We will not renegotiate a less ambitious accord. There is no way. ... Tonight the United States has turned its back on the world, but France will not turn its back on Americans. ... Wherever we live, wherever we are we all share the same responsibility - make our planet great again.” - Macron in an address with a variation on Trump’s “Make America Great Again” slogan “That deal imposes little responsibility on the world’s largest emitters, while costing the U.S. economy $3 trillion in reduced output, 6 million industrial jobs and 3 million manufacturing jobs. That amount of economic carnage is unjustified and so we welcome this long overdue action in defense of the American people.” - U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross in a statement “Am departing presidential councils. Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world.” - Tesla and SpaceX Chief Executive Elon Musk, who had been on a White House advisory council, in a tweet “As a matter of principle, I’ve resigned from the President’s Council over the #ParisAgreement withdrawal.” - Disney Chairman and CEO Robert Iger on Twitter “Trump is betraying the country, in the service of Breitbart fake news, the shameless fossil fuel industry, and the Koch brothers’ climate denial operation. It’s sad.” - Democratic Senator Sheldon Whitehouse, a member of the Senate Environment Committee, in a statement   “As the Mayor of Pittsburgh, I can assure you that we will follow the guidelines of the Paris Agreement for our people, our economy & future ... Fact: Hillary Clinton received 80% of the vote in Pittsburgh. Pittsburgh stands with the world & will follow Paris Agreement.” - Tweet from Pittsburgh Mayor Bill Peduto in response to Trump saying: “I was elected to represent the citizens of Pittsburgh, not Paris.” “This was not a good deal for the United States. As the president said, we’ve been one of the leaders in reducing carbon, we’ve been reducing our emissions, we’ve been one of the best countries for the environment, and the president is committed to renegotiating the deal but a deal that’s fair for us.” - U.S. Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin in a Fox News interview “Removing the United States from the Paris Agreement is a reckless and indefensible action. It undermines America’s standing in the world and threatens to damage humanity’s ability to solve the climate crisis in time. But make no mistake: if President Trump won’t lead, the American people will.” - Al Gore, former U.S. vice president turned environmental activist, in a statement  “Today’s decision is a setback for the environment and for the U.S.’s leadership position in the world.” - Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein in his first post from a Twitter account he started in 2011        “President Trump acted in America’s best interest, moving away from a flawed agreement ... and opening the door to a new agreement that reaches the right balance. America will remain a leader in environmental protection. But we will not jeopardize our economy in order to please other counties that don’t come anywhere near our environmental standards.” - Nikki Haley, U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, in a statement   “The White House’s reckless decision to withdraw from the Paris Climate Agreement has devastating repercussions not only for the United States but for our planet. The administration is abdicating its leadership and taking a backseat to other countries in the global fight against climate change.” - New York Governor Andrew Cuomo, in a statement joining California Governor Jerry Brown and Washington Governor Jay Inslee in announcing the formation of an alliance of states committed to upholding the Paris agreement “This great leap backward is another bow to anti-science know-nothingism. Pandering to a handful of billionaires and special interests would impose huge harm upon our generation, upon future generations, and upon our fragile planet.” - Statement from Democratic Senator Patrick Leahy  “President Trump’s decision to withdraw from #ParisAgreement is a catastrophic mistake. We don’t have time to bury our heads in the sand. @POTUS is putting his friends in the fossil fuel industry ahead of the safety and security of American people and the future of our planet.” - Democratic Senator Al Franken in a tweet “We are deeply disappointed that the United States federal government has decided to withdraw from the Paris Agreement ... While the U.S. decision is disheartening, we remain inspired by the growing momentum around the world to combat climate change and transition to clean growth economies.” - Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau in a statement “Without question, America is a nation committed to environmental leadership ... But the Paris Climate Accord is another bad deal negotiated by the Obama administration and America should applaud President Trump’s decision to exit.” - Energy mogul-financier T. Boone Pickens “Though flawed, the climate accord can be fixed ... It’s now up to the administration to deliver a better deal.” - Republican House Foreign Affairs Committee Chairman Ed Royce in a statement “This is the day when the United States did a lot to forfeit its claim to be a leader among nations. ... We’re going to be poorer because we took this step. ... I never thought I would say these words but the president of the United States is a clear and present danger to an orderly global system.” - Lawrence Summers, former Obama economic adviser and World Bank official, in CNN interview “This decision is an immoral assault on the public health, safety and security of everyone on this planet ... I am committing to honor the goals of the Paris agreement with an executive order in the coming days, so our city can remain a home for generations to come.” - Statement from New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio “Disappointed with today’s decision on the Paris Agreement. Climate change is real. Industry must now lead and not depend on government.” - General Electric Chairman and CEO Jeff Immelt on Twitter ",1
3455,France's Macron says U.S. interests to be harmed by climate deal withdrawal,"PARIS (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron on Thursday categorically ruled out any renegotiation of the Paris climate accord and said U.S. President Donald Trump’s decision to withdraw would harm American interests and citizens.  Macron, who made a televised address in French and English, said Trump had “committed an error for the interests of his country, his people and a mistake for the future of our planet.” “I tell you firmly tonight: We will not renegotiate a less ambitious accord. There is no way,” said Macron, who took office less than a month ago. Macron’s message was particularly tough compared with  comments after meeting Trump at the Group of Seven summit in Sicily last week, where he had hoped Trump’s pragmatism would lead him to stick to the deal. [nL8N1IT0MX] “France believes in you (the U.S.), the world believes in you, but don’t be mistaken on climate; there is no plan B because there is no planet B,” Macron said. In a separate address in English, Macron responded to  Trump’s Make America Great Again slogan, saying, “Make the Planet Great Again!”   Macron called on U.S. researchers and scientists disappointed by Trump’s decision to come to work in France to  fight climate change.  “France will put forward a concrete action plan to increase its attractiveness for researchers and companies in the ecological transition sector and will take initiatives notably in Europe and Africa on this subject,” Macron said. Macron said that he had asked his government to immediately begin work on the issue. The newly elected president of France called on the remaining 194 signatories to the accord to reaffirm their commitments and said he had agreed with Germany and Italy to take strong decisions in the coming weeks. [nL8N1IY6V3] “Tonight the United States has turned its back on the world, but France will not turn its back on Americans,” he said. ",1
3456,Trump explained Paris accord decision to four leaders: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump, in phone calls on Thursday with German Chancellor Angela Merkel, French President Emmanuel Macron, Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and British Prime Minister Theresa May, personally explained his decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord, the White House said in a statement. Trump also “reassured the leaders that America remains committed to the Transatlantic alliance and to robust efforts to protect the environment,” the White House said. ",1
3457,Britain 'disappointed' with Trump's climate move,"LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May told President Donald Trump that she was “disappointed” by his decision to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord, Downing Street said after a call between the leaders on Thursday. “The Prime Minister expressed her disappointment with the decision and stressed that the UK remained committed to the Paris Agreement, as she set out recently at the G7,” Number 10 said. ",1
3458,U.S. travel sector to suffer if Trump reverses Cuba detente: report,"HAVANA/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. cruise operators and airlines stand to lose around $712 million in annual revenues if the Trump administration fully reinstates restrictions on travel to Cuba, Washington lobby group Engage Cuba said in a report released on Thursday. U.S.-operated cruises and scheduled flights to the Caribbean island were relaunched last year after a half-century hiatus, as part of the detente with Cuba pursued by former President Barack Obama. That may be under threat as U.S. President Donald Trump’s administration nears completion of a policy review to determine how far it would reverse that engagement. “Rolling back expanded travel will cost airlines $512 million annually ... based on the average ticket fare,” Engage Cuba wrote in the report to which a host of Cuba experts contributed. U.S. airlines flying to Cuba include Jetblue, American, Delta and Alaska. Cruise operators, from Carnival to Norwegian [NCLH.O], stand to lose $200 million in revenue per year, Engage Cuba estimated, noting that thousands of jobs in both sectors were at risk. The estimate was based on lost revenue from fully booked flights and cruises. Eliminating cruises to Cuba could also cost South Florida’s economy an additional $212.8 million, given what passengers spend in port communities, Cuba Engage said. Supporters of the U.S.-Cuban detente are stepping up their lobbying to influence the Trump administration review. A bipartisan group of U.S. senators last week reintroduced legislation to repeal all restrictions on travel to Cuba, this time attracting far more co-sponsors. U.S. tourism to Cuba is still not allowed, but Obama’s decision to ease travel restrictions fueled a boom in American visitors under categories like educational travel. The number of U.S. visitors rose 74 percent last year. ",1
3459,Goldman's Blankfein criticizes U.S decision to leave Paris climate deal,"(Reuters) - Goldman Sachs Group Inc Chief Executive Officer Lloyd Blankfein criticized the United States’ decision to withdraw from the Paris climate deal in his first message on Twitter Inc since joining the platform six years ago. “Today’s decision is a setback for the environment and for the U.S.’s leadership position in the world,” Blankfein said, adding the hashtag “ParisAgreement.”  Goldman spokesman Michael Duvally confirmed that the account is Blankfein’s. Blankfein’s former No. 2 Gary Cohn is chief economic adviser to President Donald Trump and was part of a “stay-in” camp that included Trump’s daughter Ivanka,  Gary Cohn, and Energy Secretary Rick Perry. Other top executives also criticized the decision to quit the accord, including Tesla Inc CEO Elon Musk and General Electric Co CEO Jeff Immelt.  ",1
3460,"Trump speaks to Merkel, Macron, Trudeau and May after climate speech: official","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump spoke by phone on Thursday to German Chancellor Angela Merkel, French President Emmanuel Macron, Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and British Prime Minister Theresa May to explain his decision to withdraw from the Paris climate accord, a senior White House official said. ",1
3461,Treasury chief 'confident' Congress will raise U.S. debt limit,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said on Thursday he was confident that Congress would raise the federal debt limit  “before there’s an issue” with U.S. creditworthiness, and he pledged that the Trump administration’s tax reform plans would be paid for. “We’re going to get it increased,” Mnuchin told Fox Business Network about the debt limit. “The credit of the United States is the utmost. I’ve said to Congress they should do it as quickly as they can. But we are very focused on working with them and I’m confident we’ll get there before there’s an issue.” Mnuchin said last week that he wanted a “clean” debt ceiling increase before the start of Congress’ summer recess in early August. Mnuchin said that it “makes no sense” to view the Trump administration’s tax reform plans through a “static” budget analysis that does not account for economic growth effects. He has previously pledged that increased economic growth would generate more revenue to offset lower tax rates. “We’re about creating economic growth, we’re about broadening the base and we’re going to make sure that this is tax reform, not just tax cuts, and that they’re paid for,” Mnuchin said. ",1
3462,"France, Italy, Germany defend Paris Accord, say cannot be renegotiated","ROME (Reuters) - Italy, France and Germany said on Thursday they regretted U.S. President Donald Trump’s decision to withdraw from the Paris climate accord and dismissed his suggestion that the global pact could be revised. “We deem the momentum generated in Paris in December 2015 irreversible and we firmly believe that the Paris Agreement cannot be renegotiated since it is a vital instrument for our planet, societies and economies,” the leaders of the three countries said in a rare joint statement. Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni, German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Emmanuel Macron urged their allies to speed up efforts to combat climate change and said they would do more to help developing countries adapt. The three leaders tried to convince Trump last week at a Group of Seven summit to stay in the pact and honor U.S. commitments undertaken by the previous administration. In a speech at the White House, Trump said the U.S. would look to renegotiate the agreement and condemned what he called “draconian” financial and economic burdens imposed by the deal. The unusual French-Italian-German statement, released barely an hour after Trump announced his decision, underscored the disappointment of the eurozone’s three largest economies and their resolve to plow ahead without Washington’s support. “We are convinced that the implementation of the Paris Agreement offers substantial economic opportunities for prosperity and growth in our countries and on a global scale,” the three leaders said. “We therefore reaffirm our strongest commitment to swiftly implement the Paris Agreement, including its climate finance goals and we encourage all our partners to speed up their action to combat climate change.” In his speech, Trump complained that the Paris Accord required wealthy nations to help developing countries build renewable energy sources. France, Italy and German indicated they were ready to do more to help in the absence of U.S. funds. “We will step up efforts to support developing countries, in particular the poorest and most vulnerable, in achieving their mitigation and adaptation goals,” the three leaders said. ",1
3463,Trump budget chief under fire over attack on Congressional budget analysts,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House’s budget chief came under fire on Thursday from Democrats and others over his attack on the budget research office of the U.S. Congress, escalating tensions between Republicans and professional staffers on Capitol Hill. Office of Management and Budget Director Mick Mulvaney called “absurd” a recent finding by the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office (CBO) that a Republican healthcare bill would cause 23 million people to lose health insurance coverage. In an interview on Wednesday with the Washington Examiner, a conservative newspaper, Mulvaney said, “At some point, you’ve got to ask yourself, has the day of the CBO come and gone?” Steny Hoyer, a Democratic House of Representatives leader, in a statement called Mulvaney’s comments “irresponsible and unacceptable” and an “indication of a bully mentality.” The CBO is one of a handful of analysis units of Congress whose employees strive for political impartiality, providing  dependable and neutral information that lawmakers can use when making often complex budget, tax and other decisions. President Donald Trump and his fellow Republicans, including Mulvaney, have been frustrated with the CBO’s findings about their proposals to roll back Obamacare, the healthcare system put in place by then-Democratic President Barack Obama formally known as the Affordable Care Act. “When Trump administration officials either disagree with or do not understand the impacts of their own policies, they prefer to attack the nonpartisan analysts who are doing their jobs with integrity and expertise,” Hoyer said in a statement. Representative John Yarmuth, also a Democrat, said that Mulvaney had impugned the integrity of a CBO analyst in charge of the healthcare assessment and urged Mulvaney to apologize. The CBO was created in 1974 during a spending dispute between the Democratic-controlled Congress and Republican President Richard Nixon after he withheld funds for government programs that did not support his political positions. A CBO spokeswoman declined to comment on Thursday. Former CBO Director Douglas Holtz-Eakin, a Republican who headed the office under President George W. Bush, said it was not unusual for the office to become a “political football.” “What’s unusual here is to have the sitting OMB director attack the integrity, the core of the institution,” he said. An OMB spokesperson could not be reached for comment.     ",1
3464,U.N. says U.S. withdrawal from Paris deal 'major disappointment',"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The United States’ decision to withdraw from the landmark Paris climate agreement was a “major disappointment for global efforts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and promote global security,” U.N. spokesman Stephane Dujarric said on Thursday.  U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres “remains confident that cities, states and businesses within the United States - along with other countries - will continue to demonstrate vision and leadership by working for the low-carbon, resilient economic growth that will create quality jobs and markets for 21st century prosperity,” Dujarric said.  He said it was crucial that the United States remains a leader on environmental issues and that Guterres looked forward to engaging with the U.S. government “to build the sustainable future on which our grandchildren depend.” ",1
3465,France's Macron tells Trump Paris accords not renegotiable - source,"PARIS (Reuters) - President Emmanuel Macron told U.S. President Donald Trump that the Paris climate deal could not be renegotiated and that while France would continue to work with Washington, it would no longer discuss climate issues with the United States, a French source said.  “The president spoke with President Trump in a five-minute phone call. The exchange was direct,” a source close to Macron said. “The president said that they could continue to talk, but indicated that nothing was renegotiable with regard to the Paris accords. The United States and France will continue to work together, but not on the subject of climate,” the source added.  ",1
3466,"U.S. coal stocks fall; exit from climate deal may hurt, not help"," (This version of the May 31st story removes fourth paragraph, which does not reflect Peabody’s current position on Paris accord) By Rodrigo Campos and Nichola Groom NEW YORK/LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - U.S. coal company shares dipped alongside renewable energy stocks on Wednesday after reports that President Donald Trump plans to pull the United States from a global accord on fighting climate change. The market reaction reflects concerns, raised by some coal companies in recent months, that a U.S. exit from the Paris Climate Agreement could unleash a global backlash against coal interests outside the United States. Peabody Energy, the largest publicly traded U.S. coal company dropped 2.2 percent to $24.29 a share, while Arch Coal fell 0.4 percent to $70.77. A spokesman for Peabody said the company would support a decision by Trump to withdraw from the Paris deal because the “accord is flawed on a number of levels.” Cloud Peak Energy Inc had also urged the Trump administration to stay in the Paris deal to prevent other nations from an aggressive turn against the global coal industry. Its shares were down 0.6 percent to $3.39. A spokesman for Cloud Peak declined to comment. A source briefed on the matter told Reuters that Trump is planning to follow through on his campaign pledge to pull the United States out of the Paris accord, a move designed to help boost domestic energy production and speed economic growth, after weeks of deliberations on the issue.  Trump did not confirm the decision, but said he would make an announcement “over the coming days”. A U.S. withdrawal would come over the objections of scores of big U.S. corporations - from Wal-Mart to Exxon Mobil - worried the move will complicate the business landscape instead of bolstering the economy. “For us, our position on the Paris agreement... we need a framework like that to address the risks of climate change,” Exxon Mobil Chief Executive Officer Darren Woods told reporters on the sidelines of the company’s annual general meeting on Wednesday. Exxon had made that case in a recent letter to the White House, he said. Exxon dipped 0.7 percent, ConocoPhillips declined 0.2 percent, and Chevron Corp fell 0.6 percent. Crude oil prices fell to a three-week low on news that recovering Libyan output boosted OPEC crude output in May. Solar energy shares also got hit on Wednesday, with First Solar Inc down 2.5 percent, and SunPower Corp each down 3.4 percent.  “Regardless of what the President decides on the accord, we expect America’s solar industry to continue to thrive and create jobs, boost the economy and reduce greenhouse gas emissions,” the Solar Energy Industries Association said in a statement. Shares of Tesla Inc, which recently acquired SolarCity, were up 1.8 percent at $341.01. Tesla CEO Elon Musk said in a Twitter post on Wednesday that he had done “all I can” to convince Trump to stay in the Paris accord, and threatened to leave White House advisory councils if Trump announces a U.S. exit.  Trump campaigned on a promise to unravel Obama-era climate regulations to help boost domestic oil, gas and coal production. Company executives, economists, and analysts have expressed skepticism, however, that his deregulatory agenda can alter existing trends away from coal. U.S. carbon emissions have declined to near 30-year lows, a trend driven by increased natural gas use replacing coal. The VanEck Vectors Coal exchange-traded fund fell 1.2 percent to $12.71, not far from a five-month low hit earlier in May. The ETF is on track to fall 7.2 percent this month after rising in the first three months of the year as part of the so-called Trump trade. ",1
3467,Paris mayor says Trump climate withdrawal 'a mistake with fatal consequences',"PARIS (Reuters) - The mayor of Paris, where a landmark global climate agreement was agreed in December 2015, said the decision by U.S. President Donald Trump to withdraw from the deal was “a mistake that would have dramatic consequences.”  “That incredible diplomatic achievement could not have been secured without the decisive role of the United States of America. That is why President Trump is committing a mistake with dramatic and fatal consequences,” she said. “Regardless of President Trump’s decision, the great cities of the world, in particular the twelve American C40 cities, remain resolutely committed to doing what needs to be done to implement the Paris agreement,” she said referring to 91 global cities that are have vowed to fight global warming. ",1
3468,"EU regrets U.S. withdrawal from climate deal, will seek other allies","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Commission said it deeply regretted the decision by the United States to withdraw from the Paris climate agreement, saying it would seek new alliances to combat climate change. “The EU deeply regrets the unilateral decision by the Trump administration to withdraw the US from the Paris Agreement,” the European Commission said after U.S. President Donald Trump  announced his country’s withdrawal from the deal. “The EU will strengthen its existing partnerships and seek new alliances from the world’s largest economies to the most vulnerable island states,” the Commission added. ",1
3469,Trump rejects future in pulling out of Paris climate pact: Obama,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Former U.S. President Barack Obama on Thursday criticized his successor Donald Trump’s decision to withdraw from the landmark Paris climate agreement but voiced confidence that U.S. states and businesses will work harder to protect the planet. “Even in the absence of American leadership; even as this Administration joins a small handful of nations that reject the future; I’m confident that our states, cities, and businesses will step up and do even more to lead the way, and help protect for future generations the one planet we’ve got,” he said in a written statement issued as Trump was announcing the withdrawal. ",1
3470,FCC to vote on revising rules on identifying threatening calls,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Federal Communications Commission said Thursday it will take up a proposal this month to revise its rules to allow law enforcement personnel to identify threatening callers, following a series of threatening calls to Jewish community centers. In March, the FCC granted an emergency temporary waiver to Jewish community centers and telecommunications carriers that serve them to help track down callers who have made threats by unmasking phone numbers used to call in threats. FCC rules generally require phone companies to respect a calling party’s request to have caller-ID information blocked from the party receiving the call. Jewish community centers and schools in at least 13 U.S. states reported receiving bomb threats this year, stoking fears of a resurgence of anti-Semitism. The “episode raised the question of whether we need to make permanent changes to our rules,” FCC Chairman Ajit Pai said in a blog post Thursday. The FCC will “consider a proposal to change the rules to ensure that all threatened parties and associated law enforcement personnel have quick access to the information they need to identify and thwart threatening callers,” he added. In April, prosecutors identified an Israeli-American teenager accused of making dozens of bomb threats to Jewish community centers in separate criminal complaints filed in U.S. federal courts in Florida and Georgia that linked him to hundreds of threatening calls in 2015 and 2017. Michael Ron David Kadar, 18, a dual U.S.-Israeli citizen who is Jewish and lives in Israel, made at least 245 threatening telephone calls between Jan. 4 and March 7 this year, many targeting Jewish community centers in the United States, according to the Florida complaint. The FCC has only rarely granted waivers to access caller information. In 2015, the Middletown School District in New York state was inundated by phone calls making terrorism threats from anonymous numbers. Following the calls, then-FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler approved a special waiver in 2016 to access the caller information of the individuals making the threats. ",1
3471,Trump delays moving U.S. embassy to Jerusalem despite campaign pledge,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump signed a temporary order on Thursday to keep the U.S. embassy in Israel in Tel Aviv instead of relocating it to Jerusalem, despite his campaign pledge to go ahead with the controversial move. After months of fierce debate within his administration, Trump chose to continue his predecessors’ policy of signing a six-month waiver overriding a 1995 law requiring that the embassy be transferred to Jerusalem, an action that would have complicated his efforts to restart Israeli-Palestinian peace talks. The White House insisted, however, that the decision, which is sure to disappoint Israel’s U.S. supporters, did not mean Trump was abandoning the goal of eventually shifting the embassy to Jerusalem. But a U.S. official said no timetable has been set. “The question is not if that move happens, but only when,” the White House said in a statement. With a deadline looming, Trump made the decision to defer action on the embassy “to maximize the chances of successfully negotiating a deal between Israel and the Palestinians, fulfilling his solemn obligation to defend America’s national security interests,” the White House said. Palestinian leaders, Arab governments and Western allies had urged Trump not to proceed with the embassy relocation, which would have upended decades of U.S. policy by granting what would have been seen as de facto U.S. recognition of Israel’s claim to all of Jerusalem as its capital. “Though Israel is disappointed that the embassy will not move at this time, we appreciate today’s expression of President Trump’s friendship to Israel and his commitment to moving the embassy in the future,” Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s office said in a statement. Taking a harder stance, Israeli Education Minister Naftali Bennett, a far-right member of Netanyahu’s coalition, said delaying the move would “damage the prospect of a lasting peace by nurturing false expectations among the Palestinians regarding the division of Jerusalem, which will never happen.” Nabil Abu Rdainah, a close aide to Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas, said Trump’s decision “reaffirms the seriousness of the United States in its efforts to achieve peace.” Trump avoided any public mention of a potential embassy move during his visit to Israel and the West Bank in May. Despite that, most experts are skeptical of Trump’s chances for achieving a peace deal that had eluded other U.S. presidents. The status of Jerusalem is one of the major stumbling blocks. Israel captured Arab East Jerusalem during the 1967 Middle East war and later annexed it, a move not recognized internationally. Israel considers all of the city its indivisible capital. The Palestinians want East Jerusalem as the capital of their future state. Jerusalem is home to sites considered holy by the Jewish, Muslim and Christian religions. Successive U.S. administrations have insisted that Jerusalem’s status must be decided in negotiations. On the campaign trail, Trump’s pro-Israel rhetoric raised expectations that he would act quickly to move the embassy. But after he took office in January, the issue lost momentum as he met Arab leaders who warned it would be hard to rejuvenate long-stalled peace efforts unless he acted as a fair mediator. Some of Trump’s top aides pushed for him to keep his campaign promise to satisfy the pro-Israel, right-wing base that helped him win the presidency. The State Department, however recommended against an embassy move, one U.S. official said. “No one should consider this step to be in any way a retreat from the president’s strong support for Israel,” according to the White House statement on the signing of the waiver. ",1
3472,Top House Intel panel Democrat rebukes chairman over subpoenas: MSNBC,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. House Intelligence Committee’s top Democrat on Thursday accused panel chairman Devin Nunes of violating his recusal from its Russia probe by issuing three subpoenas to U.S. security and other officials. “Commitments to recuse himself have not been fully honored,” Adam Schiff said in an interview with MSNBC. Schiff added that he and Republican Representative Michael Conaway, the top Republican now leading the panel’s probe into alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. election, would not be distracted from their investigation. ",1
3473,UK's Farage 'person of interest' in Trump-Russia investigation: Guardian,"LONDON (Reuters) - Brexit campaigner Nigel Farage is a “person of interest” in the U.S. investigation into possible collusion between Russia and Donald Trump’s presidential campaign, the Guardian reported on Thursday citing unidentified sources. The London-based newspaper said Farage had not been accused of wrongdoing and was not a suspect or target of the U.S. investigation. But it said he was “right in the middle” of the relationships being looked at.  The newspaper said the former leader of the UK Independence Party had “raised the interest” of FBI investigators due to his connections with Trump and Julian Assange’s Wikileaks, which published leaked emails from the Democratic National Committee during the campaign. An FBI spokeswoman declined to comment on the Guardian story, and other U.S. officials said they were unaware of any serious FBI interest in Farage.  Farage said on Twitter it had taken him a long time to read the Guardian article because he was “laughing so much at this fake news”. “This hysterical attempt to associate me with the (Vladimir) Putin regime is a result of the liberal elite being unable to accept Brexit and Trump,” he said. “I consider it extremely doubtful that I could be a person of interest to the FBI as I have no connections to Russia.” Accusations that Russia interfered in the U.S. 2016 presidential election have dogged Trump since he entered office and a former FBI chief, Robert Mueller, has been named as special counsel to investigate any collusion. U.S. intelligence agencies concluded that Russia used computer hacking, propaganda and misleading news reports designed to sway political opinion in an attempt to boost Trump’s chances of winning the White House. Trump has dismissed the notion that Russia played any role in his November election victory. Kremlin chief Vladimir Putin, a former KGB spy, has denied meddling in the U.S. election.  CIA Director Mike Pompeo called Assange’s Wikileaks a “hostile intelligence service” in April after it distributed material hacked from Democratic National Committee computers during the 2016 campaign.  Pompeo said Russia’s GRU military intelligence service had used Wikileaks to distribute the material and concluded that Russia stole the emails and took other actions to tilt the election in favor of Trump, a Republican, over Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton. “One of the things the intelligence investigators have been looking at is points of contact and persons involved,” the Guardian quoted one source as saying. “If you triangulate Russia, WikiLeaks, Assange and Trump associates the person who comes up with the most hits is Nigel Farage.” “He’s right in the middle of these relationships. He turns up over and over again. There’s a lot of attention being paid to him.” Farage, who campaigned for decades for Britain to leave the European Union, was a vocal backer of Trump, appearing on the campaign trail and meeting him in New York just days after the election victory.  Farage, who also attended Trump’s inauguration in Washington, met Assange in March this year at the Ecuadorean embassy in London where the Wikileaks founder has been holed up for five years. ",1
3474,Germany's Merkel says Paris climate accord is an 'essential' pact,BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel described the Paris climate accord as an “essential” pact on Thursday and said she was pleased that many other governments took the same view. U.S. President Donald Trump will announce later on Thursday his decision on whether to keep the United States in the landmark global pact to fight climate change. A source close to the matter said he was preparing to pull out of the accord. ,1
3475,Any U.S. withdrawal from Paris deal no good sign for aviation accord: IATA,"BERLIN (Reuters) - A decision by U.S. President Donald Trump to withdraw from the Paris climate agreement would not send a good signal for a separate deal agreed last year that seeks to curb aviation emissions, global airlines body IATA said on Thursday. Aviation is not part of the Paris accord to fight climate change but the industry last year agreed its own deal to combat aviation pollution, also known as the Carbon Offset and Reduction Scheme for International Aviation (CORSIA). “Any decision to withdraw from the Paris agreement by the U.S. is not sending a good signal, even if the U.S. could remain in CORSIA and withdraw from the Paris agreement. But it’s not decided and the two are completely separate,” IATA director general Alexandre de Juniac said on Thursday.   ",1
3476,Israel disappointed at Trump's decision not to move U.S. embassy,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel on Thursday expressed disappointment at the decision of U.S. President Donald Trump to sign a waiver to delay relocating the U.S. Embassy in Israel to Jerusalem from Tel Aviv but said it hoped a move could take place later. “Though Israel is disappointed that the embassy will not move at this time, we appreciate today’s expression of President Trump’s friendship to Israel and his commitment to moving the embassy in the future,” part of a statement from Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said. It added that: “Israel’s consistent position is that the American embassy, like the embassies of all countries with whom we have diplomatic relations, should be in Jerusalem, our eternal capital.” ",1
3477,'Die is cast': EU refrains from late appeal to Trump on climate,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union said on Thursday it had made its position on climate change clear and was not engaged in last-minute lobbying of the Trump administration to keep the United States aboard the Paris climate accord. U.S. President Donald Trump is due to announce later on Thursday if he will quit the global climate deal. The Group of Seven summit in Italy on Friday and Saturday revealed a clear split between Trump and the other leaders over honoring the 2015 agreement.  “I don’t think there was any need for more contacts since ... world leaders were together for two days at a summit in an idyllic place,” a Commission spokesman said, referring to the venue in Taormina, Sicily. “This debate is well known, the position of Europe is well known too.... So there you have it, the die is cast,” he said. An EU official said Trump had not appeared persuaded of the merits of the Paris accord, deeming it unlikely that he would change course. “But as we all know, he is unpredictable,” the official said. ",1
3478,"Fearing Trump's next move, liberals urge Supreme Court conservative Kennedy to stay","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Liberal activists are urging U.S. Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy, a conservative with whom they often disagree, to put off any thought of retirement, fearing President Donald Trump would replace him with a jurist further to the right. The liberal Democrats’ keep-Kennedy campaign, being pursued publicly and privately, reflects how powerless they have become against the Republican president when it comes to high court vacancies since the Senate in April reduced the vote tally needed to confirm a Supreme Court nomination to 51 from 60. It also shows how big the stakes are for both sides in any decision that Kennedy, who turns 81 in July, makes about his future on the court. If he were to retire, Trump would have a historic opportunity to recast the court in a more conservative posture, possibly for decades to come.  Some former Kennedy clerks have said he is thinking about retirement. He has declined to comment on his plans, despite requests from many media outlets including Reuters. Right now, Kennedy “is the most important man in America. He is the vote that swings the court on the most important cases that reach it,” said Elizabeth Wydra, president of the Constitutional Accountability Center, a left-leaning think tank. Nominated by Republican President Ronald Reagan in 1987 to a lifetime court seat, Kennedy has been a crucial swing vote on the nine-member court for more than a decade. On most issues, such as campaign finance and religious rights, he has voted with fellow conservatives. He also voted with the minority to strike down the 2010 Affordable Care Act, popularly known as Obamacare. But on gay rights and abortion, he has sided with the court’s four liberals. If he stays in his post, the court’s long-standing ideological balance will be preserved. If he quits, Trump could replace him with someone who tilts further right, giving conservatives a solid five-vote majority. Wydra and other liberals are lionizing Kennedy and his legacy in the media. Some are reaching out to former Kennedy clerks and others who know him, asking them to urge him not to retire, said Michele Jawando, a legal advocate at the Center for American Progress think tank in Washington. One former Kennedy clerk confirmed being asked to urge him to stay on and said other clerks had asked him to do so. Other clerks said they had not been approached by liberal activists. Since he took office in January, Trump’s only significant domestic policy achievement has been winning Senate confirmation of his nominee to the high court, Neil Gorsuch, a former Kennedy clerk. Gorsuch replaced a fellow conservative, Antonin Scalia, who died in February 2016. The Gorsuch confirmation did not shift the court’s ideological balance, but it did trigger a change in the Senate rules for considering Supreme Court nominees. To get Gorsuch confirmed, Republicans exercised the “nuclear option,” ending Democrats’ ability to use a procedural maneuver called a filibuster to block a final vote on a Supreme Court nominee. As a result, Republicans, with a 52-48 Senate majority, can now confirm any future nominee without Democratic support.  In another handicap, liberal groups said they lacked the money to sway public opinion via TV and online ads, unlike  conservative groups that had $10 million to back Gorsuch. In view of those disadvantages, People for the American Way, another liberal group, issued a report earlier this month outlining the impact of a Kennedy retirement, describing it as a “disaster for the rights of all Americans.” Liberals want in part to protect the 1973 Roe v. Wade ruling that legalized abortion. As a candidate, Trump said he would appoint court justices who would vote to overturn the decision. Perhaps seeking to reassure Kennedy that his legacy is in safe hands, Trump has consistently praised the justice. At Gorsuch’s swearing-in in April, Trump called Kennedy a “great man of outstanding accomplishment.” Trump and other Republicans have said they have heard rumors that Kennedy might retire, but have not publicly urged him to. The president has vowed to pick his next nominee the same way he chose Gorsuch, from a list of contenders he made public before the election. Among contenders viewed as possible Kennedy replacements are federal appeals court judges Raymond Kethledge and Thomas Hardiman, conservative lawyer and former Solicitor General Paul Clement and Brett Kavanaugh, a judge on the federal appeals court in Washington, according to a person with knowledge of the nomination process. ",1
3479,Vatican would see U.S. Paris deal exit as slap in face: official,"VATICAN CITY (Reuters) - The Vatican, which under Pope Francis’ insistence has strongly backed the Paris climate change deal, would see a U.S. exit as a slap in the face and a “disaster for everyone,” a senior official said on Thursday. At their meeting last month, the pope gave U.S. President Donald Trump a signed copy of his 2015 encyclical letter that called for protecting the environment from the effects of climate change and backed scientific evidence that it is caused by human activity. Vatican Secretary of State Cardinal Pietro Parolin urged Trump in a separate meeting not to quit the Paris accord. “If he really does (pull out), it would be a huge slap in the face for us,” said Bishop Marcelo Sanchez Sorondo, head of the Pontifical Academy of Sciences, which has hosted numerous international conferences on climate change. “It will be a disaster for everyone,” he told the Rome newspaper La Repubblica. In a telephone call with Reuters, Sanchez Sorondo confirmed the comments in the newspaper. Trump was due to announce his decision later on Thursday. A source briefed on the decision has told Reuters in Washington that he will follow through on his campaign pledge to pull the United States out of the global agreement. The accord, agreed on by nearly 200 countries in 2015, aims to cut emissions blamed for global warming. The United States committed to reducing its own by 26 to 28 percent, compared with 2005 levels, by 2025. Sanchez Sorondo said he believed the U.S. oil lobby was behind the decision and that the industry had “maneuvered” Trump.  A withdrawal “would not only be a disaster but completely unscientific,” he said. “Saying that we need to rely on coal and oil is like saying that the earth is not round. It is an absurdity dictated by the need to make money.”  Trump has called the idea of global warming a hoax. In  March, Cardinal Peter Turkson, the pope’s point man for the environment, immigration and development, urged Trump to listen to “dissenting voices” and reconsider his position on climate change. Former U.S. President Barack Obama helped broker the Paris accord and praised it during a trip to Europe this month. Canada, the European Union and China have said they will honor their commitments to the pact if the United States withdraws. ",1
3480,Egypt defends NGO law U.S. senators call a draconian rights crackdown,"WASHINGTON/CAIRO (Reuters) - Egypt defended on Thursday a new law on non-governmental organizations that three U.S. Republican senators have called “draconian” and a sign of “a growing crackdown on human rights and peaceful dissent”. UN High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra’ad Al Hussein also criticized the law, saying it “effectively hands administration of NGOs to the government”.     The law, issued on Monday after being ratified by President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi, restricts NGO activity to developmental and social work and introduces jail terms of up to five years for non-compliance. Egyptian lawmakers said the law was necessary to protect national security. The government has long accused human rights groups of taking foreign funds to sow chaos and several are facing investigation over their funding. Cairo’s foreign ministry denied the law aimed to restrict NGOs and said some of them “have gotten used to working outside the law ... to defame the image of civil society in Egypt”. In Washington on Wednesday, Senators John McCain and Lindsey Graham said in a joint statement: “President al-Sisi’s decision to ratify the draconian legislation ... that regulates the work of non-governmental organizations is the latest sign of a growing crackdown on human rights and peaceful dissent in Egypt.”  McCain, who is chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, and Graham said the U.S. Congress should in response “strengthen democratic benchmarks and human rights conditions on U.S. assistance for Egypt.” That sentiment was echoed by Senator Marco Rubio, a member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, who said the law would have a “terrible impact” on Egypt’s ability to make reforms and would have implications for U.S.-Egypt relations. “This law is a direct attack on independent civil society in Egypt,” Rubio said in a statement. The UN human rights chief Zeid said on Thursday that the new law makes rights defenders even more vulnerable than before. “The crucial function of these NGOs – to hold the state accountable for its human rights obligations – has been severely hampered already through asset freezes, travel bans, smear campaigns and prosecutions. This new law further tightens the noose,” he said in a statement. In Egypt’s response, foreign ministry spokesman Ahmed Abu Zeid said: “It is important to be vigilant about the intention of some civil society entities that have gotten used to working outside the law, and that were harmed by the issuing of the new law, to defame the image of civil society in Egypt.”  Egypt is one of Washington’s closest allies in the Middle East, receiving $1.3 billion in U.S. military aid annually. U.S. President Donald Trump praised Sisi after a meeting in Saudi Arabia last week, saying the Egyptian leader had “done a tremendous job under trying circumstance.” ",1
3481,"In Illinois, partisan politics send budget battle into overtime","CHICAGO (Reuters) - Any hope for a break in Illinois’ long-running budget stalemate devolved into more partisan bickering and deeper divisions on Wednesday as the state legislature ended its spring session without a deal on a spending plan for a third year in a row. Democrats and Republicans blamed at each other for an impasse that gives Illinois the dubious distinction of being the only state to go nearly two straight fiscal years without a complete budget. A third budget-less year risks potential downgrades of Illinois’ already low credit ratings. Citing Republican Governor Bruce Rauner’s unwillingness to meet, House Speaker Michael Madigan, a Chicago Democrat, said budget talks will move to a June overtime session in which a tougher vote of a three-fifths majority will be needed for approval. “The governor’s reckless strategy of holding the budget hostage to create leverage for his corporate agenda that pads the profits of large corporations and insurance companies has for the third year left Illinois without a budget at the end of the May legislative session,” Madigan said in a statement.  Rauner returned fire at a state capitol news conference. “Today we’ve seen a complete dereliction of duty by the (Democratic) majority in the General Assembly, once again, a tragic failure to serve the people of Illinois, a tragic failure to pass a balanced budget along with critical structural changes to protect taxpayers and grow more jobs,” the governor said.  Democratic Senate President John Cullerton blamed Rauner for blocking a budget by trying to kill a bipartisan spending and reform package in the Senate and later being murky in his preferences for property-tax freeze legislation that he had demanded in exchange for supporting new revenue.  “(Rauner) came in the middle of the process, told Republicans to vote no, didn’t give support and the same thing happened in the House. The Republicans didn’t vote for anything, and as a result, we don’t have a budget,” Cullerton told reporters. The Senate last week passed a $37.3 billion fiscal 2018 budget plan that includes income tax hikes, a sales tax on services and spending cuts without Republican votes. That budget legislation was not taken up by the House. Illinois, the nation’s fifth-largest state, has been limping toward the June 30 end of its second-consecutive fiscal year operating under court-ordered spending, stopgap spending, and ongoing appropriations mandated by law.  As a result, the state’s pile of unpaid bills has topped $14 billion. Rating agencies, which have pushed Illinois down the credit scale six times to a level two steps above junk since  January 2015, have signaled more downgrades are possible.  The state’s cash crunch has delayed $1.1 billion in payments to public school districts, led to big spending cuts at state universities, and put social services providers on life support. Before adjourning, the House and Senate approved a school-funding overhaul, legislation authorizing the sale of the state’s main office building in Chicago, and a minimum wage hike. Republicans opposed each measure, and none passed by large enough margins to fend off potential Rauner vetoes. ",1
3482,EU could respond to 'market distortions' if U.S. quits climate pact: Schulz,"BERLIN (Reuters) - If President Donald Trump quits the Paris Climate Agreement, U.S. producers will gain a competitive advantage over their European rivals, creating market distortions to which the EU will have to respond, German Chancellor candidate Martin Schulz said. “If Mr Trump wants to leave the climate pact, then we must talk openly about trade relations and market distortions,” Schulz said, suggesting that backsliding on environmental standards could harm the U.S.’s access to the world’s largest market. Schulz is the centre-left Social Democratic party’s candidate to oust conservative Chancellor Angela Merkel in a September election. His party is currently running second in polls behind Merkel’s conservative bloc. ",1
3483,Fed official says U.S. immigration crackdown could hit economy,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Trump administration’s crackdown on illegal immigrants will likely weaken overall U.S. consumer spending and economic growth as those targeted for arrest increasingly choose to stay home and save more, a Federal Reserve policymaker said on Wednesday. Millions of immigrants “are not going out and shopping, they are staying home, they are afraid if they go out they are not coming home,” Dallas Fed President Robert Kaplan said when asked about U.S. President Donald Trump’s months old directive.  “On the margin - and it’s too soon for the data to pick it up, but you hear it anecdotally - I believe we are going to see it, I believe those people are more likely to save than to spend,” he added at the Council on Foreign Relations. “And those two effects have some muting effect on consumer spending and therefore GDP growth.” ",1
3484,Weak inflation a worry but pressure likely building: Fed's Kaplan,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Weak recent inflation readings are a worry and suggest the Federal Reserve will make only “uneven” and slow progress toward its 2-percent goal, Dallas Fed President Robert Kaplan said on Wednesday. Speaking with reporters, he added however that “price pressures are likely building” given U.S. unemployment has fallen, and noted that price data for April suggested a “return to trend” for inflation. ",1
3485,"Trump administration approves tougher visa vetting, including social media checks","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Trump administration has rolled out a new questionnaire for U.S. visa applicants worldwide that asks for social media handles for the last five years and biographical information going back 15 years. The new questions, part of an effort to tighten vetting of would-be visitors to the United States, was approved on May 23 by the Office of Management and Budget despite criticism from a range of education officials and academic groups during a public comment period.  Critics argued that the new questions would be overly burdensome, lead to long delays in processing and discourage international students and scientists from coming to the United States. Under the new procedures, consular officials can request all prior passport numbers, five years' worth of social media handles, email addresses and phone numbers and 15 years of biographical information including addresses, employment and travel history. (bit.ly/2qBSrpv) Officials will request the additional information when they determine “that such information is required to confirm identity or conduct more rigorous national security vetting,” a State Department official said on Wednesday. The State Department said earlier the tighter vetting would apply to visa applicants “who have been determined to warrant additional scrutiny in connection with terrorism or other national security-related visa ineligibilities.” President Donald Trump has vowed to increase national security and border protections, proposing to give more money to the military and make Mexico pay to build a wall along the southern U.S. border. He has tried to implement a temporary travel ban on people from six Muslim-majority nations that a U.S. appeals court refused to reinstate, calling it discriminatory and setting the stage for a showdown in the Supreme Court. The Office of Management and Budget granted emergency approval for the new questions for six months, rather than the usual three years.  While the new questions are voluntary, the form says failure to provide the information may delay or prevent the processing of an individual visa application. Immigration lawyers and advocates say the request for 15 years of detailed biographical information, as well as the expectation that applicants remember all their social media handles, is likely to catch applicants who make innocent mistakes or do not remember all the information requested.  The new questions grant “arbitrary power” to consular officials to determine who gets a visa with no effective check on their decisions, said Babak Yousefzadeh, a San Francisco-based attorney and president of the Iranian American Bar Association. “The United States has one of the most stringent visa application processes in the world,” Yousefzadeh said. “The need for tightening the application process further is really unknown and unclear.” ",1
3486,U.S. companies sign billions in deals with Vietnam,"WASHINGTON/SEATTLE (Reuters) - U.S. companies signed business deals with Vietnam worth over $8 billion on Wednesday, including power projects and jet engines from General Electric Co (GE.N) and diesel generator technology from Caterpillar (CAT.N), the Commerce Department said. The 13 deals were announced as Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc met with U.S. President Donald Trump as part of a three-day, trade-focused trip to the United States. U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, who has pledged to shrink U.S. trade deficits, said the transactions would include $3.4 billion in U.S. produced content that would support 23,000 jobs. But the Trump administration still wants more work from Vietnam to bring down a rapidly growing $32 billion trade surplus with the United States, said Murray Hiebert, a Southeast Asia expert at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington. “I heard from U.S. officials ahead of the trip that just signing deals with U.S. companies was nice but not enough,” Hiebert said. GE said on Wednesday it had signed deals in Vietnam worth about $5.58 billion for power generation, aircraft engines and services, its largest single combined sale with the country in GE’s history. GE’s agreement with Vietjet Aviation JSC VJC.HM includes 20 jet engines made by CFM International, a joint venture of GE and Safran SA (SAF.PA) of France. It also includes a 12-year engine service contract for 215 LEAP-1B engines on 100 Boeing 737 MAX aircraft that Vietjet has ordered, GE said. GE’s power unit signed a memorandum of understanding to build two 750-megawatt gas fired turbine power plants in conjunction with state energy group PetroVietnam, using the Blue Whale gas field. GE also signed a joint development agreement to erect an 800-megawatt wind power facility. Partners in the agreement are Phu Cuong Group and International Mainstream Renewable Power, GE said. Honeywell (HON.N) also signed a $100 million deal to supply VietJet with 98 auxiliary power units for the airline’s new fleet of Airbus (AIR.PA) A320 aircraft, including maintenance for 12 years. Caterpillar and its dealer in Vietnam, Phu Thai Cat, agreed to provide generator management technology for more than 100 generators in Vietnam, the company said. The technology would allow for remote function monitoring including fuel, temperature and pressure. The value of the Caterpillar deal was not disclosed. Hilton Worldwide (HLT.N) signed a deal worth $650 million to manage a 610-room dual-branded hotel in Vietnam, while port security firm Passport Systems Inc signed a deal worth $1 billion, with $420 million in U.S. content, Commerce said.     ",1
3487,Trump hails deals worth 'billions' with Vietnam,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump talked trade with Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc during a White House visit on Wednesday and welcomed the signing of business deals worth billions of dollars and the jobs they would create. The U.S. Commerce Department announced 13 new transactions with Vietnam worth $8 billion, including $3 billion worth of U.S.-produced content that would support more than 23,000 American jobs. These include deals for General Electric Co (GE.N) worth $5.58 billion for power generation, aircraft engines and services, its largest-ever combined sale in Vietnam. Caterpillar Inc (CAT.N) and its dealer in Vietnam also agreed to provide generator management technology for more than 100 generators in Vietnam, the company said.  “They (Vietnam) just made a very large order in the United States - and we appreciate that - for many billions of dollars, which means jobs for the United States and great, great equipment for Vietnam,” Trump told reporters at the White House. The Commerce Department estimate of the deals was considerably less than the $15 billion figure given by Phuc during a speech at the Heritage Foundation, adding that most of the total involved the import of U.S. equipment. Communist Vietnam has gone from being a Cold War enemy to an important partner for the United States in the Asia-Pacific, where both countries share concerns about China’s rising power. Phuc told Trump the relationship had undergone “significant upheavals in history” but that the two countries were now “comprehensive partners.” Phuc’s meeting with Trump makes him the first Southeast Asian leader to visit the White House under the new administration. However, while Hanoi and Washington have stepped up security cooperation in recent years, trade has become a potential irritant, with a deficit widening steadily in Vietnam’s favor, reaching $32 billion last year, compared with $7 billion a decade earlier. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said it was important to shrink the U.S. trade deficit with Vietnam but noted that the southeast Asian country of 80 million people was the fastest-growing market for U.S. exports, rising 77 percent since 2014 to $4.4 billion. “The growth of the middle class and the increasing purchasing power in Vietnam are further incentives to strengthening our long-term trade and investment relationship,” Ross said. Trump, who has had strong words for countries with large trade surpluses with the United States, said he would be discussing trade with Phuc, as well as North Korea.  Washington has been seeking support to pressure North Korea to drop its nuclear and missile programs, which have become an increasing threat to the United States. Hanoi has said it shares concerns about North Korea. In his Heritage speech, Phuc welcomed Trump’s plans to attend the November APEC summit in Hanoi. He called it a sign of U.S. commitment to the region and “an important occasion for the United States to assert its positive role.” In a reference to somewhat warmer ties between Washington and Beijing under Trump, who has been courting China’s support on North Korea, Phuc said Vietnam welcomed good relations between the two powers, but hoped these would serve the interest of other nations in the region too. He urged Washington and Beijing “to act with full transparency and in a responsible manner so as not to impact negatively the region and relations among other nations.” Vietnam’s government said on its website Trump and Phuc had agreed to promote defense ties and discussed the possibility of U.S. vessels, including aircraft carriers, visiting Vietnamese ports. It said they had expressed concern about the South China Sea, where Vietnam, Malaysia, the Philippines and Brunei are involved in maritime disputes with China, which claims nearly all the strategic waterway. Taiwan also stakes a claim. “They emphasized that parties must not take actions accelerating tension such as the militarization of disputed structures,” it said, an apparent reference to China’s construction work. Murray Hiebert, a Southeast Asia expert at Washington’s  Center for Strategic and International Studies, said that while the Trump administration welcomed new business deals with Vietnam, its view was they were “nice, but not enough.” “They want Vietnam to bring some ideas about how to tackle the surplus on an ongoing basis,” he said.   On Tuesday, U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer expressed concern about the rapid growth of the deficit with Vietnam. He said it was a new challenge for the two countries and he was looking to Phuc to help address it. The deficit is Washington’s sixth largest and reflects growing imports of Vietnamese semiconductors and other electronics products in addition to more traditional sectors such as footwear, apparel and furniture. On Tuesday Vietnam’s trade minister, Tran Tuan Anh, presented Lighthizer with suggestions to address some U.S. concerns, such as advertising on U.S. social media, electronic payment services and imports of information security and farm products, Vietnam’s trade ministry said. Vietnam was disappointed when Trump ditched the 12-nation Trans-Pacific Partnership trade pact, of which Hanoi was expected to be one of the main beneficiaries, and focused U.S. trade policy on reducing deficits. ",1
3488,White House unveils list of ex-lobbyists granted ethics waivers,"The White House on Wednesday disclosed a group of former lobbyists working in President Donald Trump’s administration who have been issued ethics waivers, following a request from the U.S. government’s ethics agency. The list of at least 11 waivers include White House adviser Kellyanne Conway and Trump's Chief of Staff Reince Priebus, according to a chart issued on the White House website. (bit.ly/1LPKWx8) Conway is permitted to “participate in communications and meetings involving former clients which are political, advocacy, trade or non-profit organizations,” while Priebus, a former Republican National Committee chairman, is allowed to have communications and meetings with the RNC, the document says. Shortly after taking office in January, Trump signed an executive order barring lobbyists who joined the administration from working on issues related to their prior work. But the administration has the power to grant waivers to particular hires, exempting them from that restriction. Also on the list is Michael Catanzaro, a special assistant to the president and a former oil and gas lobbyist, who is cleared to weigh in on energy policy. Daniel Epstein, associate counsel to the president, “may provide legal advice to the White House Office or any agency of the executive branch and to take positions adverse to Cause of Action Institute.” Shahira Knight, a special assistant to the president who formerly worked for Fidelity, a financial services company,  “may participate in broad policy matters and particular matters of general applicability relating to tax, retirement and financial services issues.” Andrew Olmem, a special assistant to Trump who worked as an attorney to the Senate Banking Committee during the financial crisis, is cleared to join meetings with former clients involving Puerto Rico’s fiscal issues, along with a wide range of activities involving financial regulation. Mick Mulvaney, director of the Office of Management and Budget (OMB), had promised in a letter on Friday that the White House would comply with a request from the Office of Government Ethics (OGE) to provide information on which former lobbyists are working in the administration.       Mulvaney said in the letter that the administration was not seeking to impede efforts by OGE to obtain that information, despite earlier protests from Walter Shaub, the agency’s director. Shaub, an appointee under President Barack Obama in the final year of a five-year term, had requested in April copies of waivers the Trump administration granted to former lobbyists now appointed to positions in the government. Those requests were sent to agencies across the administration, seeking waivers that would allow former lobbyists to work on issues they had been involved with as paid advocates.  But OMB requested a stay of that request, prompting a fierce response from Shaub. He called the request “highly unusual” and said his agency has the authority to take “corrective action proceedings” against agencies that refuse its requests. In his Friday response, Mulvaney said the requested stay was not an attempt to stifle OGE efforts but rather to provide more time to “ensure sufficient consideration was given to legal questions.” “OMB has never sought to impede OGE,” he wrote. Mulvaney closed the letter by saying the OMB did not grant any lobbyist waivers itself. ",1
3489,Former Vice President Biden to announce political action committee,"(Reuters) - Former Vice President Joe Biden will announce on Thursday the formation of a political action committee (PAC), a signal that he is at least considering a possible run for president in 2020, the New York Times reported on Wednesday. Biden’s PAC will be called “American Possibilities” and run by his former aide Greg Schultz, who also worked on President Barack Obama’s two White House campaigns, the paper said. The 74-year-old former vice president considered a run against Hillary Clinton for the Democratic nomination in 2016 before bowing out, citing family concerns in the wake of his son’s death. Clinton lost the presidential election to Republican Donald Trump in November. ",1
3490,Kathy Griffin loses CNN deal after photos with fake severed Trump head,"LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - CNN fired comedian Kathy Griffin from its annual New Year’s Eve broadcast on Wednesday after she drew strong criticism for posing in photographs holding up the likeness of a bloody, severed head resembling U.S. President Donald Trump. The network announced the termination after earlier criticizing the photos as “disgusting and offensive.” Griffin posted a videotaped apology on Tuesday night amid a public outcry from Republicans and Democrats alike over the images, including condemnation from Trump. “Kathy Griffin should be ashamed of herself,” Trump wrote.     “My children, especially my 11-year-old son, Barron, are having a hard time with this. Sick!” The U.S. Secret Service, responsible for presidential security, has opened an inquiry into the posting of Griffin posing with the severed-head replica, a spokesman in Los Angeles said when asked whether the agency was looking into the incident as a potential threat on the president’s life. “We’re aware of it and we’re investigating it,” the spokesman, George Fernandez, told Reuters. He declined to elaborate. Griffin, 56, a two-time Emmy-winning performer known for her deliberately provocative brand of humor, has appeared since 2007 as co-host of CNN’s New Year’s Eve broadcast from Times Square in New York with anchor Anderson Cooper.  CNN did not make clear whether it was cutting its New Year’s Eve deal with Griffin for just the upcoming 2017 broadcast or for good. The furor also cost Griffin a show at the Route 66 Casino Hotel outside Albuquerque, New Mexico. Management of the Laguna Pueblo tribe-operated establishment decided to cancel a one-night appearance by Griffin scheduled for July 22, a spokesman said. Griffin apologized profusely in a video message posted to her official Twitter account late on Tuesday, saying that as a comic she routinely seeks to “cross the line” but realized in this case, “I went too far.” “The image is too disturbing. I understand how it offends people. It wasn’t funny. I get it,” she said, adding that she was seeking to have the images taken down from social media. “I beg for your forgiveness,” she concluded. “I made a mistake and I was wrong.” Celebrity news website TMZ published a behind-the-scenes video on Tuesday of Griffin posing with the model head for a photo shoot. She was seen reviewing the images with photographer Tyler Shields and jokingly saying, “We have to move to Mexico today because we’re going to go to prison, federal prison.” TMZ posted an image from the shoot on Twitter. “This is vile and wrong,” Chelsea Clinton, daughter of  former President Bill Clinton and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, wrote on Twitter. “It is never funny to joke about killing a president.” Trump’s oldest son, Donald Trump Jr., called on sponsors of Griffin to condemn the comedian. At his daily briefing with reporters in Washington, presidential spokesman Sean Spicer declined to answer directly when asked whether it was appropriate for Trump to have hosted a White House visit by rocker Ted Nugent last month despite violent remarks the musician made in 2012 about then-President Barack Obama. Secret Service agents met with Nugent after the performer told a National Rifle Association convention in St. Louis that he would be “dead or in jail” if Obama were re-elected. He also declared, “We need to ride into that battlefield and chop their heads off in November.” The Secret Service later said the matter had been resolved with no further action. “To be honest with you, I’d have to look back and see what those statements were and what the reaction was at the time,” Spicer said when pressed for a comment on Wednesday. Griffin’s firing by CNN drew widely divergent reactions, with one Twitter follower, Anand Elgie, calling her termination “over reaction,” adding: “she had a bad moment of judgment... Trump bring out the worse in us all.” Another, Mark Dice, said CNN should have acted sooner. “The fact that you waited this long proves your network endorses the assassination of our president. You are the enemy of the people!!!” ",1
3491,"Dispute erupts over House panel subpoenas for CIA, FBI","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A political feud erupted on Wednesday over the U.S. House Intelligence Committee’s probe of suspected Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election, with charges that the panel’s Republican chairman subpoenaed the CIA, FBI and National Security Agency without telling Democratic members. Committee aides complained that the chairman, Representative Devin Nunes, who publicly recused himself from leading the Russia probe in April following a secret visit he paid to White House officials, failed to consult Democrats on the subpoenas. The subpoenas asked the agencies to provide details of any requests made by two top Obama administration aides and the former CIA director to “unmask” names of Trump campaign advisers inadvertently picked up in top-secret foreign communications intercepts, congressional sources said. The former officials named in the subpoenas were Obama national security adviser Susan Rice, former U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Samantha Power and former CIA Director John Brennan. “Subpoenas related to the ‘unmasking’ issue would have been sent by Chairman Nunes acting separately from the committee’s Russia investigation. This action would have been taken without the minority’s (Democrats’) agreement,” said a senior committee aide, speaking on condition of anonymity. Another congressional source, who also requested anonymity, said Democrats were “informed and consulted” before the subpoenas were issued. The CIA declined to comment on the subpoenas and the Federal Bureau of Investigation and NSA did not immediate respond to requests for comment. U.S. privacy laws and intelligence regulations require that Americans’ names picked up in foreign communications intercepts be concealed unless senior officials request them to be disclosed for intelligence or law enforcement purposes. Any such requests undergo rigorous legal reviews. Several U.S. officials, speaking on condition of anonymity, told Reuters that all such requests by Obama administration officials were properly scrutinized and appropriate. SUBPOENAS FOR TRUMP LAWYER, EX-AIDE The spy agency subpoenas were not mentioned in a bipartisan announcement on Wednesday that the panel approved subpoenas for President Donald Trump’s former national security adviser, Michael Flynn, and Trump’s personal lawyer, Michael Cohen, in connection with the Russia probe. The committee also approved subpoenas to the two men’s firms, Flynn Intel Llc, and Michael D. Cohen and Associates PC, the committee statement said. “As part of our ongoing investigation into Russian active measures during the 2016 campaign, today we approved subpoenas for several individuals for testimony, personal documents and business records,” Republican Representative Mike Conaway and Democratic Representative Adam Schiff, who are leading the committee probe, said in a joint statement. Conaway assumed Republican leadership of the probe after Nunes recused himself. Nunes retained his power to issue subpoenas. U.S. intelligence agencies reported in January that Russian President Vladimir Putin oversaw a campaign of computer hacking, fake news and propaganda intended to swing the election to Republican Trump over his Democratic opponent, Hillary Clinton. Putin has denied conducting such a campaign. Trump denies any collusion between Russia and his campaign and has questioned the veracity of the U.S. intelligence finding. Trump fired Flynn in February for failing to disclose the content of his talks with Sergei Kislyak, Russia’s ambassador to the United States, and misleading Vice President Mike Pence about the conversations. The retired Army general is the subject of congressional, Justice Department and Defense Department investigations into his apparent failure to disclose payments he received from Russian and Turkish entities. Cohen is one of several Trump associates under scrutiny in an FBI examination of possible contacts between Trump’s campaign and Russia, according to the New York Times. It reported that Cohen was involved in a back-channel plan, which never came to fruition, that would have involved a peace agreement between Russia and Ukraine, and the lifting of U.S. sanctions against Moscow. CNN reported on Wednesday night that congressional investigators were looking into whether Attorney General Jeff Sessions had an undisclosed private meeting with Kislyak during the campaign, citing Republican and Democratic sources in Congress and intelligence officials briefed on the probe. The focus of the probe is on whether such a meeting took place on April 27, 2016, at the Mayflower Hotel in Washington,  where Trump delivered his first major foreign policy address, CNN reported.  During his confirmation hearing in January, Sessions testified that he “did not have any communications with the Russians” during the campaign and said in a written statement given to the Senate Judiciary Committee that he was not in contact with anyone linked to the Russian government during the campaign. It was reported in March that he met with Kislyak twice during the campaign, once at the Republican National Convention in July and once in his Senate office in September. Sessions later admitted having the meetings but said they were part of his Senate duties and were unrelated to the campaign. He later recused himself from the Russia probe. ",1
3492,U.S. says open to talks on protected status for Haitians,"PORT-AU-PRINCE (Reuters) - U.S. Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly on Wednesday said he was open to discussing letting more than 50,000 victims of Haiti’s 2010 earthquake stay in the United States past next January.  Kelly met with Haitian President Jovenel Moise during a brief visit to the island and he defended the U.S. decision earlier this month to extend a deadline for temporary protection from deportation for Haitians for six months that was set to expire in July.  “It is not meant to be an open-ended law but a temporary law,” Kelly told journalists. “It has been seven years since the earthquake, which was the reason TPS (temporary protected status) was implemented. I have committed to the president and the government that we can work together to go forward on any future extensions.” A 7.0-magnitude earthquake struck near Haiti’s capital of Port-au-Prince in January 2010, killing some 200,000 people. Immigration activists said the extension did not take into account the damage created by Hurricane Matthew, which killed an estimated 1,000 people when it struck the Caribbean nation last year. Some aid groups warned mass deportations could unsettle the country that has long history of political instability.  Kelly dismissed critics who said his visit was too short to develop a proper idea of Haiti’s situation, saying that he visited the country “no less than 10, maybe 15 times” while he was based in Miami as the head of U.S. Southern Command.  “I would say to people who made those statements, well, they don’t know what they’re talking about,” Kelly said. Under U.S. law, the Department of Homeland Security can award temporary protected status to citizens of nations devastated by violence, disease or natural disasters. Sudan, Somalia, Syria, El Salvador, Nepal and Yemen all have been designated for temporary protected status. ",1
3493,Clinton says Trump campaign likely guided Russians before U.S. election,"RANCHO PALOS VERDES, Calif. (Reuters) - Hillary Clinton said on Wednesday she suspects President Donald Trump’s campaign gave guidance to Russian government propaganda efforts during last year’s U.S. presidential campaign, leveling her most serious charge yet against the person who defeated her. The former Democratic presidential candidate, appearing at a tech conference near Los Angeles, said propaganda spread on sites such as Facebook helped cost her the election, and she urged Silicon Valley firms to move faster to stop false stories. Trump has said there was no collusion between his campaign and Russia. Echoing assessments of U.S. intelligence agencies, Clinton said the Russian government wanted to spread disinformation about her. But she added they “could not have known how best to weaponize that information unless they had been guided.” “Guided by Americans?” asked Walt Mossberg, a technology journalist interviewing Clinton on stage. “Guided by Americans and guided by people who have polling and data,” she responded.  Clinton was pressed by another journalist on stage, Kara Swisher, who asked: “But you’re leaning Trump?” “Yes, I think it’s pretty hard not to,” Clinton said. She said there had been a “marriage” of people who spread false stories with Republicans who had detailed voter data.  It appeared to be the first time Clinton had accused Trump of collusion with Russians. Earlier this month, she blamed Russian hackers and then-FBI Director James Comey for costing her the election.  In a Twitter post on Wednesday night, Trump responded: “Crooked Hillary Clinton now blames everybody but herself, refuses to say she was a terrible candidate. Hits Facebook & even Dems & DNC.” In her appearance on Wednesday, Clinton slammed Trump’s ability to create distractions using Twitter. “It’s the circus, right? It’s what a classic authoritarian does,” she said. Trump’s administration has been dogged in its first months by allegations his associates had inappropriate contacts with Russian government officials. A special counsel, former FBI Director Robert Mueller, was appointed to lead an investigation after Trump fired Comey. Moscow has denied meddling in the U.S. election. Clinton mentioned Facebook by name, saying the social media network was flooded with false information about her and that people were understandably misled. She said she would like to see Facebook curate its network more aggressively.  “I have a lot of sympathy at this point ... for people trying to make these decisions. I would just urge them to hurry up,” she said.  Facebook Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg said in November it was “crazy” to think that fake news on the site had influenced the election. Beginning in December, Facebook began introducing tools to try to prevent fake news stories from spreading. Clinton said that in targeting voters online, she was at a disadvantage because the Republican Party provided Trump with an extensive database, through an organization called the Data Trust, that Democrats did not have. “I inherited nothing from the Democratic Party,” she said. “I mean, it was bankrupt. It was on the verge of insolvency. Its data was mediocre to poor, nonexistent, wrong. I had to inject money into it, the DNC, to keep it going.” ",1
3494,"Trump blasts Russia probe, touts ex-adviser Page over FBI, CIA","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump sought to insert himself into congressional investigations on Russia on Wednesday, urging lawmakers to hear from one of his former advisers, Carter Page, to counter testimony by directors of the FBI and CIA. Trump has been dismissive of probes by the FBI and several congressional panels into alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election and potential collusion with his  campaign. In a series of early morning tweets, the president quoted a letter from Page, in which he asked to address the House Intelligence Committee promptly and referred to what he characterized as faulty testimony from U.S. intelligence officials. Trump accused Democrats of blocking Page’s testimony, without citing evidence but referring to an unidentified report.  “So now it is reported that the Democrats, who have excoriated Carter Page about Russia, don’t want him to testify. He blows away their case against him & now wants to clear his name by showing ‘the false or misleading testimony by James Comey, John Brennan...’ Witch Hunt!” Trump wrote on Twitter, referring to the former directors of the FBI and CIA.         Trump’s tweets came as his advisers are planning to establish a “war room” to combat mounting questions about communication between Russia and his campaign. The White House said on Wednesday it would not answer any more questions about the investigations, referring reporters instead to Trump’s outside attorney, Marc Kasowitz. The president’s penchant for tweeting could complicate White House efforts to tamp down the scandal if the messages appear to address the investigations. Representative Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House committee, swatted back at Trump on Twitter with a reference to the president’s acknowledgment to NBC that he was thinking of “this Russia thing” when he fired Comey on May 9.  “@POTUS, appreciate suggestion on witnesses but feel you may not have probe’s interests at heart. Ex: Firing FBI Dir because of Russia probe,” Schiff wrote. Democrats say Comey’s dismissal was aimed at hindering the Federal Bureau of Investigation’s Russia investigation. CNN reported on Wednesday that Comey would confirm reports that Trump had asked him to let up in an investigation of former White House national security adviser Michael Flynn’s contacts with Russia in upcoming public testimony before the Senate Intelligence Committee.  Trump’s fellow Republicans, including Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, have urged him to tweet less and more wisely. U.S. Representative Sean Duffy said on Wednesday the Russia investigations were becoming too much of a distraction in Trump’s 4-month-old presidency. “I think the president should step aside from any comments, any tweets on the investigation and focus on the agenda that he ran on,” Duffy said on CNN. “Stop tweeting about it, stop talking about it and get about the business of your agenda.” Page, who provided a copy of his letter to Reuters, said the House committee postponed an appearance scheduled for next week without giving a specific reason. Schiff said in a statement that he and the Republican overseeing the panel’s probe, Representative Mike Conaway, want to review documents before interviewing witnesses.  Russia has denied U.S. intelligence agencies’ conclusion that Moscow interfered in the election campaign to try to tilt the vote in Trump’s favor, and the president has denied any collusion. Congressional committees have contacted a parade of Trump associates and advisers to request information in their probes. In addition to Page, they include Flynn, former campaign manager Paul Manafort, former White House press officer Boris Epshteyn, personal lawyer Michael Cohen and informal adviser Roger Stone. On Wednesday, the House committee approved subpoenas for Flynn and Cohen. It also approved subpoenas to intelligence agencies seeking records showing which former Obama administration officials requested the “unmasking” of the names of Trump associates who were inadvertently picked up in top-secret communications intercepts. Flynn has also been subpoenaed by the Senate Intelligence Committee. ",1
3495,Trump expected to delay U.S. embassy move to Jerusalem: sources,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump is expected this week to delay relocating the U.S. Embassy in Israel to Jerusalem from Tel Aviv, U.S. officials and a diplomatic source said on Wednesday, despite his campaign pledge to go ahead with the controversial move. With a deadline for a decision looming, Trump is likely to  continue his predecessors’ policy of signing a six-month waiver overriding a 1995 law requiring that the embassy be transferred to Jerusalem, an action that would have complicated his efforts to restart Israeli-Palestinian peace talks, the sources said. Trump has yet to make his decision official but is required by law to act by Friday, according to one U.S. official who spoke on condition of anonymity.  Barring a last-minute surprise, Trump is expected to renew the waiver. His administration intends to make clear, however, that Trump remains committed to the promise he made during the 2016 presidential campaign, though it will not set a specific timetable for doing so, officials said. Asked whether Trump would sign the waiver, White House spokesman Sean Spicer told reporters on Wednesday: “Once we have a decision, we’ll put it out,” adding there would be “something very soon on that.” While there have been divisions among Trump’s aides on the issue, the view that appears to have prevailed is that the United States should keep the embassy in Tel Aviv for now to avoid angering the Palestinians, Arab governments and Western allies while the president seeks to nurture peace efforts. Trump avoided any public mention of a potential embassy move during his visit to Israel and the West Bank in May. Despite that, most experts are skeptical of Trump’s chances for achieving a peace deal that eluded other U.S. presidents. The status of Jerusalem is one of the major stumbling blocks. Israel captured Arab East Jerusalem during the 1967 Middle East war and later annexed it, a move not recognized internationally. Israel considers all of the city its indivisible capital. PRO-ISRAEL RHETORIC The Palestinians want East Jerusalem as the capital of their future state. Jerusalem is home to holy sites of the Jewish, Muslim and Christian religions. Shifting the U.S. Embassy would be widely seen as Washington’s recognition of the Israeli position on Jerusalem’s status, which successive U.S. administrations have said must be decided in negotiations between the two sides. Former President Barack Obama renewed the waiver in December, setting off a six-month clock for Trump. CNN was first to report that Trump was expected to sign the waiver. On the campaign trail, Trump’s pro-Israel rhetoric raised expectations that he would act quickly to move the embassy. But after he took office in January, the issue lost momentum as he met Arab leaders who warned it would be hard to rejuvenate long-stalled peace efforts unless he acted as a fair mediator. Some of Trump’s top aides have pushed for him to keep his campaign promise, not only because it would be welcomed by most Israelis but to satisfy the pro-Israel, right-wing base that helped him win the presidency. The State Department, however recommended against an embassy move, one U.S. official said. “The president is still committed to moving the embassy,” one U.S. official said. “It’s not a question of whether but when it will be done.” The Jerusalem Embassy Act passed by Congress in 1995 mandating relocation of embassy to Jerusalem allows the president to waive the requirement in accordance with U.S. national security interests. ",1
3496,"Texas Governor signs Dallas, Houston pension bills","(Reuters) - Texas Governor Greg Abbott signed into law on Wednesday a bill aimed at addressing public pension problems in the state’s two biggest cities, Dallas and Houston. The new law will increase retirement ages, hike worker and city contributions, limit cost-of-living (COLA) increases for retirees, and restructure governance.  In a tweet on Wednesday, Abbott wrote that he was “proud of the Texas legislature leading on pension reform that ensures fiscal soundness.” The Dallas police and fire pension system was projected to become insolvent within 10 years if the city or the state did not act.  The new law cuts the Dallas system’s nearly $3.7 billion unfunded liability to $2.18 billion and boosts the funded ratio to nearly 50 percent from the current 36.8 percent, according to a bill analysis.  The Houston bill would help reduce the $8.1 billion unfunded liability in the city’s municipal, police, and firefighter funds by reducing benefits. The law also lowers the fund’s assumed rate of investment return from as high as 8.5 percent, one of the most ambitious rates in the country, to 7.25 percent, closer to nation’s average.  The city of Houston estimated that without any type of reform, the city would contribute $3.7 billion to the pension systems over five years. With reforms, the city will contribute $2.0 billion. The city estimates a savings of $1.4 billion, and an estimated debt service cost of $0.2 billion.  ",1
3497,World risks four-year legal grey zone if Trump quits climate pact,"OSLO (Reuters) - The United States could influence or even disrupt work by other nations to combat climate change until late 2020 even if President Donald Trump quits a global agreement, legal scholars said on Wednesday. Trump will honor a campaign pledge to pull out of the 195-nation Paris Agreement, a source briefed on the decision told Reuters on Tuesday. Trump tweeted he would announce his formal decision “over the next few days”. U.N. rules for the 2015 pact, which seeks to shift the world economy from fossil fuels this century, say Washington would formally have to wait until November 2020 to withdraw. Trump could shorten the formalities to just one year by exiting Paris’ 1992 parent treaty. Quitting the Paris Agreement would leave Trump in a legal grey zone until the next U.S. presidential election in 2020, retaining a vote as other nations work on detailed rules on issues such as how to monitor greenhouse gas emissions. In the worst case “the U.S. could make it more difficult to adopt the Paris rules”, said Daniel Bodansky, a law professor at Arizona State University. “To the extent that (withdrawal from Paris) is already going to harm relations with our allies, staying in and being obstructionist would be even more harmful,” he said. Trump has promised to promote the coal industry over renewables. Bodansky noted, however, that Washington did not try to obstruct other nations’ work on the 1997 Kyoto Protocol, which obliged rich nations to cut emissions, after President George W. Bush angered U.S. allies by deciding in 2001 not to take part. Megan Bowman, a law lecturer at King’s College, London, said the four-year waiting period was partly intended to insulate the agreement from a shift to a Republican presidency after Democratic President Barack Obama. “The downside ... is that if they (the United States) are recalcitrant they are sitting at the table, able to obstruct or stall the process,” she said. Paris imposes few legal obligations before 2020 and has no sanctions for non-compliance. The Paris Agreement’s Article 28 says any nation wanting to pull out has to wait three years from the date the agreement gained legal force, which was Nov. 4, 2016, before seeking to leave. It then has to wait another year. In Berlin, European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker stressed that withdrawal would take years. “The Americans can’t just leave the climate protection agreement. Mr. Trump believes that because he doesn’t know the details.” Trump would be taking a riskier step by withdrawing from Paris’ parent treaty, the 1992 Climate Convention, even though it would require only a year’s notice and void U.S. commitments under Paris. That Convention, seeking voluntary actions to rein in greenhouse gas emissions and a landmark in cooperation between rich and poor nations, has had bipartisan U.S. support. It was signed by Republican President George Bush. Paris goes one step further by obliging all nations to set domestic targets to curb emissions to limit a creeping rise in temperatures blamed for more heat waves, downpours and rising sea levels. Leaving the Convention would make the United States an “international pariah on global climate change”, said Robert Stavins, director of Harvard University’s environmental economics program. Johan Rockstrom, director of the Stockholm Resilience Centre, said a U.S. presence in the Paris negotiations until 2020 would be “the most negative thing ... they would still be allowed to vote in the room”. But he said a quick, clean break by the United States from the 1992 Convention might be best for other nations which could then work without risks of obstruction. ",1
3498,Ex-NAACP chief Ben Jealous to run for Maryland governor,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Former NAACP President Ben Jealous said on Wednesday he would seek the Democratic nomination for Maryland governor next year, charging that the Republican incumbent lacked the courage to stand up to President Donald Trump. Jealous, an ally of U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders during his 2016 bid for the Democratic presidential nomination, said incumbent Larry Hogan had failed to oppose Trump policies that would weaken healthcare and education as well as environmental protection of the Chesapeake Bay. Jealous, making his first bid for elected office, is the latest Democrat to try to link an opponent to the Republican president. Approval ratings have sagged for Trump, who has been embroiled in controversy since his May 9 firing of FBI Director James Comey who was overseeing an investigation into possible collusion between Trump’s presidential campaign and Russia. “It seems like every week our governor becomes a little more like the lion in ‘The Wizard of Oz,’ all strength and no political courage,” Jealous, 44, said as he declared his candidacy outside a cousin’s flower shop in Baltimore. Hogan, who did not endorse Trump in the 2016 election, has not said if he will seek re-election. A spokesman did not respond to a request for comment. Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton won Maryland by 26 percentage points in last November’s election. Jealous led the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, the biggest U.S. civil rights group, from 2008 to 2013. He is the second Democrat to announce his candidacy ahead of Maryland’s June 2018 primary, joining entrepreneur and author Alec Ross. Jealous, if elected, would be Maryland’s first black governor. Jealous, who spearheaded the NAACP’s successful campaign to overturn Maryland’s death penalty in 2012, said he backed raising the minimum wage to $15 a hour from the current $8.75, improving teacher quality, expanding mass transit and improving training for police officers. Hogan has followed a moderate agenda focused on economic growth and cutting regulations and fees. He also has banned fracking, which involves injecting water, sand and chemicals into shale to release natural gas and oil, thus aligning himself with Maryland’s heavily Democratic voter base. He held a 65 percent approval rating among registered voters in a Washington Post-University of Maryland poll in March, but only 41 percent backed him for a second term. Hogan, 61, scored an upset victory in 2014 over Democratic Lieutenant Governor Anthony Brown.  ",1
3499,Trump says will announce decision on Paris climate deal soon,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump told reporters on Wednesday that he will announce his decision “very soon” on whether he will withdraw the United States from the Paris climate deal. Responding to shouted questions from reporters in the Oval Office, Trump said he had been hearing from people on both sides of the issue, but he declined to indicate whether he had made up his mind. “I’m hearing from a lot of people, both ways. Both ways,” Trump said. ",1
3500,White House says will refer questions about Russia probes to Trump's attorney,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House will said on Wednesday it would refer all questions about investigations into Russia’s contacts with President Donald Trump’s aides to the president’s outside attorney. “Going forward all questions on these matters will be referred to outside counsel Marc Kasowitz,” White House spokesman Sean Spicer told reporters when asked about a media report on what former FBI Director James Comey planned to say in congressional testimony. ",1
3501,White House declines to say if Trump has made decision on climate accord,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - White House spokesman Sean Spicer declined on Wednesday to say whether President Donald Trump has decided to withdraw from the Paris Accord to fight climate change, despite reports indicating that he would pull out of the global deal. Asked whether Trump planned to remove the United States from the Paris Accord or remain in, Spicer said: “When the president has a decision, he’ll make that announcement and he’ll make it clear what the basis of that is.” Asked if that meant Trump had not made a final decision, Spicer said: “I obviously don’t know whether or not he’s made it, but when he’s ready to make an announcement, he’ll make it clear.” ",1
3502,VA chief presses Congress to make it easier to fire workers for misconduct,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Veterans Affairs Secretary David Shulkin urged Congress on Wednesday to pass a law that would let him respond more quickly to employee misconduct, such as the case of a psychiatrist who was caught watching pornography on an iPad while seeing a patient. Shulkin, in a briefing on the state of the department, said that veterans’ access to medical care had improved significantly since a scandal over wait times three years ago prompted the resignation of a VA secretary and forced major reforms.   But Shulkin, who served as undersecretary of Veterans Affairs for Health in the Obama administration, said a review of 137 studies and assessments identified 13 areas of “significant risk,” including rules that keep the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs from moving quickly to fire employees for misconduct. “We currently have 1,500 disciplinary actions that are pending, meaning people that either need to be fired, demoted (or) suspended without pay for violating our core values,” Shulkin told reporters. “Our accountability processes are clearly broken. We have to wait more than a month to fire a psychiatrist who was caught on camera watching pornography using his iPad while seeing a veteran,” Shulkin said. A VA news release on March 31 said an internal review recommended that the person be dismissed, but the law requires a  30-day waiting period before a final decision can be carried out. It said the psychiatrist was removed from patient care and placed on administrative duties. “We need new accountability legislation, and we need that now,” Shulkin said. In a case in Puerto Rico, he said, the department was forced to take back an employee who had been convicted of driving under the influence several times and had served a 60-day jail term. Shulkin also warned that Veterans Affairs buildings were falling into disrepair and needed more than $18 billion worth of repairs. VA buildings on average are 60 years old and include 449 from the Revolutionary War and the Civil War. He said 591 others are from the First World War era. The VA spends $25 million a year maintaining 400 vacant buildings and 735 underutilized facilities, Shulkin said. Shulkin said the department’s computer systems also needed modernization. He said he planned to make major decisions on upgrading the systems by July this year. ",1
3503,Comey to confirm Trump pressured him on Flynn investigation: CNN,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Former FBI Director James Comey plans to confirm reports that President Donald Trump pressured him to drop an investigation into former national security adviser Michael Flynn’s ties to Russia in congressional testimony, CNN said on Wednesday, citing an unidentified source close to the issue. The Senate Intelligence Committee said on May 19 that Comey, who was fired by Trump 10 days earlier, would testify before the panel publicly at some point after Monday’s Memorial Day holiday. CNN said the testimony could come as early as next week. Representatives of the committee would not comment on the report. After Comey’s dismissal, news reports emerged that Trump asked Comey to end the Flynn probe during a February meeting in the Oval Office the day after Flynn was fired for misrepresenting his contacts with the Russian ambassador. The account, first reported by the New York Times, was based on a memo Comey wrote after the meeting.  The Comey memo caused alarm on Capitol Hill and raised questions about whether Trump tried to interfere with a federal investigation. CNN reported that Comey has discussed the parameters of his congressional testimony with Special Counsel Robert Mueller, who has taken over the criminal investigation. It said Comey planned to meet with Mueller, a longtime colleague at the Justice Department and also a former director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, for a formal interview  after his public testimony. “The Committee welcomes the testimony of former Director Comey, but does not have an announcement to make at this time,” said Rebecca Glover, spokeswoman for Republican committee Chairman Richard Burr. ",1
3504,We don't know what Trump has decided on Paris climate deal: Germany,"BERLIN (Reuters) - The German government does not know what U.S. President Donald Trump has decided on the Paris climate agreement, a spokeswoman said on Wednesday. Axios news outlet reported on Wednesday that Trump had decided to withdraw from the accord. Trump refused to endorse the accord at a G7 summit on Saturday and tweeted that he would make an announcement this week. “Like you I’ve seen the reports but I don’t have any information beyond that,” German government spokeswoman Ulrike Demmer told reporters. “So I can only reiterate the well-known position that the German government unequivocally supports the Paris climate agreement and is campaigning for it to be quickly implemented and hopes the USA remains committed to this agreement,” she added. ",1
3505,Talk of Trump pullout alarms backers of Paris climate accord,"LONDON (Reuters) - Reports that Donald Trump is about to quit the Paris accord drew calls on Wednesday for other countries to rally round the climate pact, but warnings from some environmentalists that it would leave the deal badly weakened. Trump will follow through on his campaign pledge to pull the United States out of the global agreement, a source briefed on the decision told Reuters. On Twitter the president said: “I will be announcing my decision on the Paris Accord over the next few days.” The accord, agreed on by nearly 200 countries in 2015, aims to cut emissions blamed for global warming. The United States committed to reducing its own by 26 to 28 percent, compared with 2005 levels, by 2025. The agreement has been criticized as far too cautious to hold back the rise in temperatures by more than a fraction of what is needed - but its defenders say its enrolment of almost all the world’s governments makes it crucial. Steffen Kallbekken, Research Director at the Center for International Climate and Environmental Research in Oslo, called Trump’s move “monumentally irresponsible”. “It is difficult to imagine a decision that would be a more devastating blow to the positive momentum behind the Paris Agreement, and to the prospects of raising climate ambition over time,” he said. Niklas Hoehne of Germany’s New Climate Institute said a U.S. pullout could corrode the resolve of other nations, perhaps including hydrocarbon powers Saudi Arabia and Russia. The big achievement of the Paris Agreement is that it was supported by all countries,” he said. “If the U.S. is out that doesn’t work any more.” Former President Barack Obama helped broker the Paris accord and praised it during a trip to Europe this month. Trump has called the idea of global warming a hoax.     Canada, the European Union and China have said they will honor their commitments to the pact if the United States withdraws.  Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi met Spain’s Mariano Rajoy in Madrid on Wednesday, and both countries reaffirmed their Paris commitments, without mentioning the United States. French President Emmanuel Macron said at a weekend summit in Italy he was sure Trump would back the deal after listening to his G7 counterparts. That hope appears to have been quickly dashed. At a Wednesday news conference, a government spokesman said Macron had told a cabinet meeting France would be “very pro-active” in working to ensure the Paris accord was implemented.  “Depending on the stance some people or others are taking, we’ll have to be very pro-active for France to be the homeland of the (fight against) climate change,” the spokesman said. Macron had “asked his ministers to take a number of initiatives, with our European partners or directly in France”.  European Commission Vice-President Maros Sefcovic said of a U.S. pullout: “It would be disappointing but I really do not think this would change the course of mankind.  “There is a much stronger expectation from our partners across the world from Africa, Asia and China that Europe should assume leadership in this effort and we are ready to do that,” Sefcovic said.  Guy Verhofstadt, leader of the liberal group in the European Parliament, sent a tweet in the literary style of the U.S. president: “Trump puts his ego ahead of the future of our planet - sad! Let’s double down on our efforts to make the #ParisAgreement a success.” Johan Rockstrom, director of the Stockholm Resilience Centre, called Trump’s decision “irresponsible and egoistic”. “It’s now up to the European Union, India and China to take the lead” on climate change, he said.  “The U.S. is going from being a global leader to putting itself in a very destructive minority position.” But he predicted the deal would survive without Washington. Denmark’s energy and climate minister Lars Christian Lilleholt told Reuters: “It will be necessary for the EU to show leadership if the U.S. should pull out of the deal.”  Judy Wakhungu, Kenya’s cabinet secretary for environment and natural resources, said her government would be “very disappointed” by a U.S. withdrawal and hoped it could be reversed. “We all live on the same Earth and face the same challenges,” she added.     Friends of the Earth’s U.S. president Erich Pica said: “By pulling out of the Paris Agreement, Trump will make the United States the world’s foremost climate villain.” Some observers saw chances that Washington would not, in the end, pull out.  “I hope that the president will be swayed instead by the rather sensible advice he is receiving from his Secretary of State, his Secretary of Defense and his Chief Economic Adviser, who have all recommended against withdrawal,” said Bob Ward of the Grantham Research Institute on Climate Change at the London School of Economics. ",1
3506,U.S. did not forewarn EU on climate deal: spokeswoman,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union’s executive has not been forewarned about a possible U.S. withdrawal from the global deal on fighting climate change, a spokeswoman said on Wednesday.  President Donald Trump will follow through on a campaign pledge to pull the United States out of a pact, a source briefed on the decision told Reuters, a move that promises to deepen a rift with U.S. allies. The executive European Commission said separately on Wednesday the 28-nation bloc was ready to take on global leadership should the United States pull out. ",1
