id,title,text,label
7014,Pentagon warns against impact of extending temporary U.S. funding bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of Defense Ash Carter voiced opposition to extending a temporary government funding bill well into next year, saying it would negatively impact the military, including in the fight against Islamic State.  Washington has been operating since Oct. 1 under a stopgap spending bill, known as a “continuing resolution,” to keep most federal programs running. It expires on Dec. 9. House and Senate leaders are negotiating the end date for a new temporary funding bill. “The most problematic shortfalls DoD (Department of Defense) will face in a long-term CR (continuing resolution) are in the operations and munitions accounts that fund counterterrorism operations and assistance in Afghanistan, Iraq and Syria, among other priorities,” Carter wrote in the letter to top Congressional leaders. Carter said the Pentagon had never been under such a situation during a presidential transition, calling it “unprecedented and unacceptable.” ",1
7015,Senate leader hopes to have several Trump nominees confirmed on January 20,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said on Tuesday he hopes to have several of President-elect Donald Trump’s Cabinet nominees confirmed on his first day in office on Jan. 20. “In the past, we’ve been able to confirm a number of an incoming president’s Cabinet appointments on day one, and we hope on January 20,” McConnell said. “Even though there’s a lot going on that day, we hope to be able to vote on and confirm a number of the president’s selections for the Cabinet so he can get started,” the Kentucky Republican said. ",1
7016,Trump to nominate Elaine Chao for transportation post: source,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump plans to nominate former Labor Secretary Elaine Chao to head the Transportation Department, a source with knowledge of the decision said on Tuesday. The source, who requested anonymity, confirmed the pick to Reuters. Chao, the wife of Republican Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, served as labor secretary under President George W. Bush and was the first Asian-American woman to hold a Cabinet position. The formal announcement was expected Tuesday afternoon. Although Trump spoke on the campaign trail about wanting to “drain the swamp” in Washington, more than half of Trump’s nine key appointments so far have been accomplished Washington insiders, such as Chao. Chao will face a number of big decisions at the agency that regulates the nation’s vehicles, airplanes, railroads, pipelines, ports and highways - including how to proceed on self-driving cars on U.S. roads, the use of small unmanned aerial vehicles, or drones, over people and whether U.S. fuel efficiency standards should be revised. There are dozens of other pending regulatory issues the next administration will face, including railroad safety and staffing rules, requiring event data recorders in all U.S. vehicles and whether to set rules for airlines requiring they give more passengers with disabilities seats with extra leg room and whether to ban or restrict phone calls made on personal phones on U.S. flights. She may also take a leading role in Trump’s plans to rebuild U.S. infrastructure. Trump has called for $1 trillion in infrastructure spending over 10 years to rebuild airports, bridges and other projects, but it is unclear how much of the funding would come from the federal budget. Mitch Bainwol, chief executive of the Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers, a trade group that has urged the Trump administration to conduct a sweeping review of auto regulations, praised Chao as a “superb choice.” He said the next administration will make important decisions on self-driving cars and how to maximize “the rate of innovation in the technologies that save lives, avoid crashes and improve fuel economy.” Former U.S. House Speaker Newt Gingrich praised Chao’s expected nomination. She will be a “great Secretary of Transportation. She really understands the federal government-can lead rebuilding our infrastructure,” he wrote on Twitter. House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi said Democrats want to work with Chao on fixing infrastructure but “will not allow Republicans to use an infrastructure bill as a Trojan horse for undermining workers’ wages and handing massive tax breaks to big corporations.”  Chao is a former deputy transportation secretary and sits on the boards of Wells Fargo & Co (WFC.N), Ingersoll-Rand Co [IRCOM.UL], News Corp (NWSA.O) and Vulcan Materials Co (VMC.N). A Chinese immigrant, Chao arrived in the United States at age 8. Her father, James S.C. Chao, is founder of the Foremost Group, an international shipping company. ",1
7017,"Factbox: Trump to meet with Cohn, Romney, Corker, Giuliani, others","(Reuters) - U.S. Republican President-elect Donald Trump holds more meetings on Tuesday as he forms his administration before taking over from Democratic President Barack Obama on Jan. 20.  Trump’s transition team said he was scheduled to meet with the following people: * Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS.N) president and chief operating officer * Republican U.S. representative from Tennessee * Veterans advocate who was formerly executive director of the group Vets for Freedom and a counterinsurgency instructor in Afghanistan * President and CEO of Rolls-Royce North America (RR.L) and former CEO of the Aerospace Industries Association, a defense industry trade group * Former Federal Aviation Administration administrator under President George W. Bush * Republican Senate Foreign Relations Committee chairman, Tennessee Republican  * House of Representatives Committee on Homeland Security chairman, Texas Republican * Republican U.S. representative from Pennsylvania, member of the House Committee on Homeland Security * Republican presidential nominee in 2012 who was highly critical of Trump during this year’s election * Republican former mayor of New York City ",1
7018,"After perceived snubs, UK's May calls Trump to strengthen ties","LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May and U.S. President-elect Donald Trump agreed on Tuesday that they should work to build relationships through the U.S. transition and meet at the earliest opportunity. Britain has long cherished its “special relationship” with the United States as a central pillar of its foreign policy, but speculation has been widespread in London about how ties would evolve under Trump after a series of perceived snubs from him. “The Prime Minister called the U.S. President-elect this afternoon as part of establishing a regular dialogue between both of them,” May’s Downing Street office said in a statement. “They discussed how the President-elect’s transition plans were progressing and agreed that their teams should continue to build close relationships through this period, including with a meeting of their National Security Advisers in the United States before Christmas,” it said. Trump caused astonishment in London last week when he suggested that Nigel Farage of the opposition UKIP party, a firebrand of the Brexit cause and vitriolic critic of the ruling Conservatives, should be Britain’s ambassador to Washington. The government responded that there was no vacancy, but the suggestion, an unprecedented breach of diplomatic protocol, was embarrassing for Downing Street. Following his election, Trump spoke to nine other world leaders before he spoke to May, which also raised eyebrows in London. In Tuesday’s call, the two leaders also discussed NATO, agreeing on its importance and on the need for more members of the alliance to meet the target of spending 2 percent of GDP on defense.  Britain already meets that commitment, but Trump has repeatedly complained about others falling short, raising concerns in other NATO countries about his intentions toward the organization. ",1
7019,Senate to vote on Iran sanctions renewal this week,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Senate will vote this week on a bill that would renew sanctions on Iran for 10 years, Senator Mitch McConnell, the chamber’s Republican leader, said on Tuesday in remarks as he opened the daily session. If the extension of the Iran Sanctions Act (ISA) is passed as expected, it would be sent to the White House, where President Barack Obama is expected to sign it into law. The House of Representatives voted overwhelmingly last month for the extension of the ISA, first passed in 1996 to punish investments in Iran’s energy industry and deter the country’s pursuit of nuclear weapons. The act will expire at the end of 2016 if not renewed. The Obama administration and other world powers reached an agreement last year in which Tehran agreed to curb its nuclear program in exchange for sanctions relief. But members of Congress said they wanted the ISA to stay in effect to send a strong message that the United States will respond to provocations by Iran and give any U.S. president the ability to quickly reinstate sanctions if Tehran violated the nuclear agreement. White House officials have said they did not think the reinstatement was needed, now that the nuclear agreement has been in effect for almost a year. But they also have not raised concerns that a renewal would violate the deal. ",1
7020,Factbox: Trump announces picks to fill two key healthcare posts,"(Reuters) - Republican U.S. President-elect Donald Trump on Tuesday named a vociferous Obamacare critic and a consultant to help him overhaul the nation’s healthcare system. Republican Representative Tom Price, an orthopedic surgeon from Georgia, will be Health and Human Services secretary, and consultant Seema Verma will lead the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, a powerful agency that oversees government health programs and insurance standards, Trump said in a statement. Below are details about his selections: SECRETARY OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES: U.S. REPRESENTATIVE TOM PRICE Price, 62, is an orthopedic surgeon who heads the House of Representatives’ Budget Committee. He has long criticized Obamacare, also known as the Affordable Care Act, and has championed a plan of tax credits, expanded health savings accounts and lawsuit reforms to replace it. Price, who is also opposed to abortion, has represented the 6th Congressional District in Atlanta’s northern suburbs since 2005.  ADMINISTRATOR OF THE CENTERS FOR MEDICARE AND MEDICAID SERVICES: SEEMA VERMA Verma, 46, worked with Vice President-elect Mike Pence, the governor of Indiana, on a compromise to expand Medicaid coverage for the state’s poor with federal funding. The Indiana program requires beneficiaries to make monthly contributions to health savings accounts. She is the founder and chief executive officer of a national health policy consulting company and has provided advice on healthcare programs to Iowa, Ohio, Kentucky, Tennessee and Michigan. Sessions, 69, was the first U.S. senator to endorse Trump’s presidential bid and has been a close ally since. A conservative from Alabama, he is serving his fourth term in the chamber, where he is a member of the Judiciary Committee with oversight of federal courts, immigration, crime and terrorism.  The son of a country-store owner, he is a former Army Reserve captain and was U.S. attorney for Alabama’s Southern District under former President Ronald Reagan and later Alabama’s attorney general.  Although he was confirmed by the Senate for his U.S. attorney post in 1981, he was denied a federal judgeship in 1986 when a Senate panel failed to advance his nomination amid allegations that he had made racially charged remarks, which he denied.  Sessions must secure Senate confirmation to lead the Justice Department as attorney general, but he would only need to win majority support in the Republican-controlled chamber. Sessions has long taken a tough stance on immigration, opposing any path to citizenship for undocumented immigrants. During the Republican George W. Bush administration, he blasted a bipartisan effort to create a guest-worker program, backed by the president, for illegal immigrants. NATIONAL SECURITY ADVISER: RETIRED LIEUTENANT GENERAL MICHAEL FLYNN Flynn, 57, was an early supporter of Trump and is vice chairman of his transition team. A former director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, he began his U.S. Army career in 1981 and served deployments in Afghanistan and Iraq. He later worked in the Office of the Director of Intelligence.        Once a registered Democrat, Flynn became head of the DIA in 2012 under President Barack Obama. He retired a year earlier than expected, according to media reports, and became a fierce critic of Obama’s foreign policy.  He went on to start his own consulting firm, which has come under scrutiny for its ties to a Turkish businessman. He told the Wall Street Journal on Thursday that he would sever connections with the businessman to take the post under Trump.     Flynn has said the United States should work more with Russia on global security issues. In an August interview with the Washington Post, he defended a paid speech for state-run Russian Television.     CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY DIRECTOR: U.S. REPRESENTATIVE MIKE POMPEO Pompeo, 52, is a third-term congressman from Kansas who is on the U.S House Select Intelligence Committee, which oversees the CIA, National Security Agency and cyber security. Pompeo also was a member of the House Select Committee on Benghazi investigating the 2012 attack on a U.S. compound in Libya.   The California native graduated first in his class from the U.S. Military Academy at West Point and served as a platoon leader in the U.S. Army before leaving the military as a captain to attend Harvard Law School. In 1996, he moved to Kansas to start an aircraft parts company. Its decision to open a factory in Mexico came under fire when Pompeo later ran for public office. He defended his work, saying the company had created jobs in the state. His ties to Koch Industries, owned by billionaire conservative donors Charles and David Koch, have also drawn scrutiny.  He won re-election in the Nov. 8 election with 61 percent of the vote, according to Kansas’s unofficial election results online. Pompeo has criticized former U.S. intelligence contractor Edward Snowden, who leaked National Security Agency information, saying in a 2014 letter that his telecast appearance at an event undermined the ideals of “fairness and freedom.”    ",1
7021,Trump to announce transportation secretary pick: spokesman,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump will nominate a transportation secretary on Tuesday afternoon, a spokesman told Fox News, as he continues to fill out his domestic policy team. Trump transition team spokesman Jason Miller said the Cabinet selection would be announced in the early afternoon. He did not elaborate. ",1
7022,Trump vows to end U.S.-Cuba 'deal' unless Havana makes better one,"WASHINGTON/HAVANA (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump said on Monday he would end the United States’ “deal” with Cuba unless a better one was made, reflecting his campaign pledge to reverse President Barack Obama’s moves to open relations with the Cold War adversary. “If Cuba is unwilling to make a better deal for the Cuban people, the Cuban/American people and the U.S. as a whole, I will terminate deal,” Trump said in a Twitter post.  Some Cubans are worried Trump will shut down the U.S.-Cuban trade and travel ties that have begun to emerge in the past two years since Obama’s historic decision to end decades of Cold War hostility and open an embassy in Havana. U.S. airlines launched the first regular flights to Havana in more than five decades on Monday. Trump’s tweeted as Cubans commemorated Fidel Castro, the guerrilla leader who led a revolution in 1959 and ruled the Caribbean island for half a century. Castro died on Friday. During Trump’s campaign for the White House he had said he thought restoring diplomatic ties with Cuba was fine but that Obama should have cut a better deal. Newsweek reported that one of his companies had attempted to do business in the Communist-ruled island. Later in the campaign, he toughened his rhetoric, seeking to reassure Cuban-American voters in Florida that he opposed Castro and his brother, Raul, to whom he turned over power in 2008. On Saturday, Trump said in a statement that his administration would “do all it can” once he takes office on Jan. 20 to boost freedom and prosperity for Cubans after Castro’s death. Cuba always has fiercely resisted what it sees as U.S. involvement in its politics. The government has stayed mostly quiet on Trump, waiting to see whether he converts his rhetoric into policy change. The makeup of Trump’s transition team has suggested he could with the inclusion of Mauricio Claver-Carone, a leading advocate for maintaining a tough economic embargo, and Robert Blau, a hard-line anti-communist who was openly hostile toward the Castro government while posted as a diplomat in Havana during the administration of Republican President George W. Bush. Many Cubans are defiant, however, saying their main problem was the U.S. economic embargo. “We have lived for 50 years with the blockade so we are going to continue living the same way with or without Trump,” Teresa Almentero, 52, a cigar roller, said after paying tribute to Castro in Revolution Square. “He doesn’t scare me, nor does he scare any Cuban.” ",1
7023,Trump to pick Seema Verma for Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services: transition official,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump is set to name Indiana health policy consultant Seema Verma as his pick for administrator of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, a transition official told Reuters on Monday. Trump is expected to officially announce his selection of Verma and Republican U.S. Representative Tom Price, an orthopedic surgeon who he will nominate to be secretary of health and human services, casting them as his “dream team” whose job will be to transform the U.S. healthcare system, the official said. ",1
7024,"Factbox: Trump to meet with retired General Petraeus, Mitt Romney","(Reuters) - U.S. Republican President-elect Donald Trump holds more meetings on Monday and Tuesday as he continues to form his administration before taking over from Democratic President Barack Obama on Jan. 20.  He was scheduled to meet with the following people, according to his transition team: * A former adviser on homeland security to former U.S. President George W. Bush * A former commissioner of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission * Member of Trump’s transition team overseeing independent agencies, including the SEC.  * A former head of the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality, now with the Texas Public Policy Foundation, a free-market think tank. * Has been mentioned as a possible chief of the Environmental Protection Agency.  * Retired four-star general and former director of the CIA under President Barack Obama until his resignation in 2012 over an extramarital affair, after which he pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor charge for mishandling classified information * Has been reported as a possible pick for secretary of state.     * Chairman of World Wide Technology Inc, an information technology and supply chain logistics firm described as one of the largest African-American-owned businesses in the United States. * Republican attorney general of Oklahoma* Reported to be a possible candidate to head the Environmental Protection Agency. * Sheriff of Milwaukee County, Wisconsin * A strong Trump supporter, Clarke, who is black, had criticized protests that erupted in Milwaukee after a 23-year- old man was shot and killed by police in August.  * Former CEO of regional bank BB&T and former CEO of the Cato Institute. * Reported to be under consideration to head the U.S. Treasury Department. * Chief executive officer of Chicago-based real estate investment firm General Growth Properties Inc * Republican congresswoman from Tennessee. * Veterans advocate who was formerly executive director of Vets for Freedom and a former counterinsurgency instructor in Afghanistan. * President and CEO of Rolls-Royce North America and former CEO of the Aerospace Industries Association, a defense industry trade group. * Former Federal Aviation Administration administrator under President George W. Bush * Senate Foreign Relations Committee chairman, Tennessee Republican  * House of Representatives Committee on Homeland Security chairman, Texas Republican * Republican congressman from Pennsylvania, member of the House Committee on Homeland Security * Republican presidential candidate in 2012 who was highly critical of Trump during the election * Considered a potential pick for secretary of state          ",1
7025,"U.S. companies hope Trump will stick to business roots, back Cuba ties","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. companies are looking for ways to persuade President-elect Donald Trump to soften his threats to cancel the Obama administration’s opening to Cuba, a reversal they fear could cost them hundreds of millions of dollars. During his campaign, Trump said he thought restoring diplomatic ties with Cuba was fine, but that Democratic President Barack Obama should have pushed harder for concessions from Havana before easing restrictions on travel and trade. On Monday, three days after the death of revolutionary leader Fidel Castro, the Republican president-elect said in a Twitter post that he would end what he referred to as Obama’s “deal” if Cuba did not do more for its people. But he did not promise to reverse the changes, and advocates for closer ties said they hoped the businessman-turned-politician would stay true to his roots and foster economic ties. “He has said things that are frankly hopeful to folks on both sides of the debate,” U.S. Representative Mark Sanford, one of several Republican lawmakers who back increased engagement, told Reuters. Trade associations for companies with business interests in Cuba hope to persuade Trump to continue Obama’s opening, and have been discussing a joint effort to press the Republican’s administration, a person with knowledge of the talks said. Trump won the White House on promises to create jobs. Advocates for increased engagement argue that promoting U.S. trade with Cuba would create opportunities, and jobs, in industries from telecommunications to agriculture, and particularly in tourism. Several U.S. airlines are already flying to Cuba, Starwood Hotels & Resorts signed a contract to manage a Cuban hotel and Carnival Corp has begun cruises to the island. While business in Cuba has yet to generate much revenue for U.S. companies, reversing Obama’s policies could leave Americans out of a potential market or mean their investments so far have been wasted. “If the U.S. continues to limit trade (with Cuba), and the European Union, China and Russia continue to expand trade, there will be a smaller piece of cake left for U.S. companies,” said Jose Maria Vinales Camallonga, director of International Operations at Lupicinio, a Spanish law firm that represents large corporations in their Cuba dealings. As Trump issued his tweet on Monday, American Airlines Flight 17, the first commercial flight in more than half a century between the United States and Havana took off for the Cuban capital, part of a wider push by U.S. carriers to boost flights there. If flights stopped or demand slipped because Trump imposed new travel restrictions, U.S. airlines could lose hundreds of millions of dollars in potential revenue in the years to come, said John Kavulich, president of the U.S.-Cuba Trade and Economic Council. The Department of Transportation has authorized 1.2 million seats for trips to Cuba by commercial U.S. carriers per year, below the 3.4 million airlines requested, but representing significant revenue, he said. Cuba also represents a potential market for U.S. products such as chickens, wheat and rice, though U.S. farm exports to the island have actually fallen since Obama and Cuban President Raul Castro moved to normalize relations in December 2014. Still, lawmakers from several states with big agricultural sectors like Arkansas and Texas back closer ties. If Trump reversed Obama’s Cuba policies “he would have to take on one of his main constituencies, which is the business community,” said Julia Sagebien, an expert on Cuban business at Dalhousie University in Nova Scotia.  In a bid to cement Obama’s Cuba policy before Trump takes over on Jan. 20, the administration has been encouraging U.S. companies to forge further business deals. More than half a dozen announcements, in areas from travel to manufacturing to telecommunications, had been expected in the next two months, a person familiar with the matter said. But Fidel Castro’s death and uncertainty about Trump’s plans could affect that timeline, the person said. ",1
7026,Trump has chosen Representative Price for health secretary: New York Times,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump has chosen Republican U.S. Representative Tom Price of Georgia to be secretary of health and human services, the New York Times reported on Monday, citing a transition team official. ",1
7027,Trump considering Representative Barletta for transportation secretary: Politico,"(Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump is considering Representative Lou Barletta of Pennsylvania for transportation secretary, Politico reported on Monday, a citing a source close to the transition team. ",1
7028,Trump close to naming congressman Price as health secretary: Atlanta Journal-Constitution,"(Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump appears close to naming U.S. Representative Tom Price as his choice for secretary of health and human services, the Atlanta Journal-Constitution reported on Monday, citing a dozen Republican sources with knowledge of the plan. Trump could make the announcement on Tuesday, the paper said.     ",1
7029,Wide-ranging U.S. health bill expected to sail through House vote,"(Reuters) - The U.S. House of Representatives is expected to pass a $6.3 billion piece of legislation on Wednesday designed to spur medical innovation, speed access to new drugs, expand mental health treatment, and combat opioid abuse. The bill, known as the 21st Century Cures Act, provides $4.8 billion to the National Institutes of Health (NIH) over 10 years to support brain, cancer and precision medicine research. It also provides $500 million to the Food and Drug Administration to approve drugs and devices more quickly. President-elect Donald Trump has promised to cut “red tape” at the FDA. He has not commented specifically on 21st Century Cures. The U.S. Senate is expected to vote on the bill next week. It is expected to pass, though possibly not before some additional changes are made. It would then go to President Barack Obama for signature. The bill calls for $1 billion over two years to treat and prevent opioid abuse, including improving prescription drug monitoring programs, training for health care providers, and expanding access to opioid treatment programs. Critics of the bill, including Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts, a Democrat, said it contains too many give-aways to the pharmaceutical industry and will allow companies to push treatments with limited proof of efficacy. Speaking on the Senate floor on Monday, Warren said she could not vote for the bill despite its many positive elements and would not be a “lackey” for the drug industry. Warren, along with Republican Senator Charles Grassley of Iowa, also objects to a provision that would allow companies to hide payments to doctors under the auspices of continuing medical education. Grassley co-authored the Sunshine Act which led to the creation of a database listing drug and device company payments to doctors. “A lot of earlier payments to doctors were under the umbrella of Continuing Medical Education,” Grassley said in a statement on Monday. “We shouldn’t create a loophole that would let drug and medical device companies mask their payments to doctors under a payment category that’s too broad and could gut the spirit and the letter of the Sunshine Act.” The bill would add an additional reporting exemption for physicians who receive indirect payments for speaking fees. Patients groups hailed the bill, saying it would bring patient voices to the center of the drug approval process. “This is a patient-centered bill,” said Ellen Sigal, chair and founder of Friends of Cancer Research, a patient advocacy organization. “It fosters innovation and doesn’t lower safety standards.” ",1
7030,Trump adds antitrust expert to Justice transition team,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A Republican antitrust veteran has been named on Monday to U.S. President-elect Donald Trump’s transition team for the Justice Department, a choice that lawyers say signals a more hands-off approach to antitrust enforcement compared to Democratic President Barack Obama. David Higbee, a partner at the law firm Hunton & Williams LLP, worked for President George W. Bush’s administration from 2001 to 2005, spending the last year in the Antitrust Division. Since then he has advised clients on merger reviews, antitrust litigation and government investigations.  Higbee joins Joshua Wright, an economist and former commissioner at the Federal Trade Commission, as the only two people on Trump’s transition team with a background in antitrust. The Obama administration has challenged an unusually large number of mergers in the last few years, leading to the collapse of Halliburton Co’s plan to buy Baker Hughes Inc, among others. Currently, the Justice Department is suing Anthem Inc to prevent it from buying Cigna Corp and Aetna Inc to stop its purchase of Humana Inc. While Trump, who campaigned as a populist, has talked tough on media mergers such as AT&T Inc buying Time Warner Inc, and singled out Amazon.com Inc for antitrust scrutiny, Higbee’s naming heralds a return to a traditional Republican view of merger enforcement, lawyers said. “Higbee will have that sensible caution,” said Bruce McDonald, another veteran of the Bush administration now at the law firm Jones Day. “He will be more confident in business and markets and less confident that government can identify and fix problems.” An antitrust division designed by Higbee would be tough on price-fixing and mergers of competitors but would be cautious in challenging deals where companies buy suppliers or incidents where companies are accused of breaking antitrust law to run competitors out of business, McDonald said. ",1
7031,Vote recount effort races forward despite Trump team rejection,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Donald Trump’s transition team on Monday pushed back against an effort to recount Nov. 8’s presidential election votes, calling the effort “nonsense,” but offering no evidence to back a weekend Trump tweet alleging millions of illegal votes. With the clock winding down for voters and candidates to seek recounts in states across the country, Green Party presidential nominee Jill Stein requested a recount in Pennsylvania on Monday just hours before the state’s deadline. Filing in Pennsylvania three days after she filed a similar request in Wisconsin, Stein’s campaign said she would file a similar request in Michigan by its deadline on Wednesday. Following Trump’s stunning victory in the presidential contest, talk of recounts has swirled, with the Republican president-elect adding a surprise twist to the discussion. On Sunday, Trump tweeted that “serious voter fraud” occurred in California, New Hampshire, and Virginia, states won by his opponent, Democrat Hillary Clinton. All three states rejected Trump’s claim. The White House said on Monday there has been no evidence of widespread election fraud in the presidential contest. Still, Wisconsin officials on Monday prepared to launch a recount of the state’s more than 25 million votes, following Stein’s request last week, a move that was joined by Clinton’s lawyers. “If nothing else, this will give us a very good audit,” Mark Thomsen, the chair of the Wisconsin Elections Commission, said on Monday. “It’s going to reassure Wisconsin voters that we have a fair system, that we’re not counting illegal votes.”  A statement on the Wisconsin Elections Commission’s website said the recount was scheduled to begin on Thursday and had to be completed by Dec. 13. Stein’s campaign has raised the money needed to pay filing fees for recount requests in Wisconsin, Michigan and Pennsylvania. But she still aims to raise $800,000 more to cover fees for attorneys and other personnel needed to oversee the recount, said an official with her campaign. The official said any funds left over would be disbursed according to Federal Elections Commission guidelines. California voters still could request recounts there. But the deadline for requesting a recount in New Hampshire has already passed and the margin of victory in Virginia was larger than what is necessary for a recount to occur, according to election officials in those states. New Hampshire’s deputy secretary of state, David Scanlan, said there was no evidence supporting Trump’s claims of widespread voter fraud. “Voter fraud does occur, but it occurs in isolated instances,” he said. California Secretary of State Alex Padilla called Trump’s allegations unsubstantiated and Virginia Commissioner of Elections Edgardo Cortes said they were unfounded. ",1
7032,U.S. shifts money away from Philippines police drug efforts,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States has shifted millions of dollars in funding for Philippines law enforcement away from police drug control programs, State Department officials said on Monday, since the start of the country’s bloody crackdown on drugs this summer. The Obama administration and human rights groups have criticized Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte’s war on drugs, and U.S. officials have said they are “deeply concerned” by reports of extrajudicial killings in the drug campaign. Duterte has in turn rebuked the United States and rejected the criticisms. Police figures show the campaign has killed more than 2,500 people since Duterte took office on June 30, about three-quarters in police counter-narcotics operations, and the rest believed to be the victims of vigilantes or drug lords eliminating rivals or silencing those who could implicate them. Since the start of the campaign, U.S. State Department assistance for Philippines law enforcement has been diverted from narcotics control to maritime security and human rights training for the national police, State Department spokesman John Kirby said in a news briefing. “We decided the prudent thing to do was to refocus the way that assistance was being spent,” Kirby said.  Of $5 million that had been intended for Philippines law enforcement efforts, the State Department in early September shifted $4.5 million into maritime law enforcement, specifically to the Philippines Coast Guard and Bureau of Fisheries, a State Department spokeswoman said. Another half-million dollars is to go to human rights and internal reform efforts, she said. The State Department expects it will continue to focus its funding on maritime security, human rights, and rule of law programming, the spokeswoman said. The United States has sent the Philippines hundreds of millions of dollars in foreign aid and military and development assistance in recent years, making it the third-largest Asian recipient of U.S. military aid after Afghanistan and Pakistan. The Leahy Law, named for its sponsor, Democratic Senator Patrick Leahy, bars the United States from providing training or equipment to foreign troops who commit human-rights violations. Earlier this month, Senate aides told Reuters the United States halted the planned sale of some 26,000 assault rifles to the Philippines’ national police after Senator Ben Cardin said he would oppose it, over what aides said were concerns about human rights violations. ",1
7033,White House: Castro's death will not likely slow U.S. efforts toward Cuba,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The death of Cuba’s Fidel Castro is unlikely to slow down U.S. efforts to normalize relations with its Cold War enemy, the White House said on Monday, pointing to the economic impact of the diplomatic thaw already underway such as commercial flights and other growing ties. White House spokesman Josh Earnest told reporters at a daily briefing on Monday than any move to unwind the normalizing relations between the United States and Cuba over the past two years “would deal a significant economic blow” to Cuban citizens. ",1
7034,White House: No evidence has emerged about U.S. voting fraud,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - There has been no evidence of widespread election fraud in the Nov. 8 presidential contest, the White House said on Monday in reaction to U.S. President-elect Donald Trump’s tweet over the weekend alleging millions of illegal votes and fraud in three states.  White House spokesman Josh Earnest, speaking to reporters at a daily briefing, deferred comments on Trump’s specific tweets to the president-elect’s team, but added: “What I can say, as an objective fact, is that there has been no evidence produced to substantiate a claim like that.” ",1
7035,White House says Obama spoke to Trump by phone on Saturday,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama spoke to President-elect Donald Trump by phone on Saturday, a White House spokesman said on Monday. The conversation was “one of a handful” between the two men since the Nov. 8 election, White House spokesman Josh Earnest told a regular news briefing. He declined to say what they talked about. ",1
7036,Green Party's Stein files in Pennsylvania for recount in presidential vote: Politico,"(Reuters) - Green Party nominee Jill Stein is filing requests in Pennsylvania to start a recount of votes in the Nov. 8 U.S. presidential election, Politico reported on Monday. Recount requests were filed on Monday in more than 100 precincts in the state, Politico said, citing her campaign.  ",1
7037,"Trump to meet with Petraeus, Corker, Romney this week: transition team","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump this week will meet with retired U.S. General David Petraeus and U.S. Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Bob Corker, as well as hold a second meeting with 2012 Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney, Trump’s transition team said. Trump will meet with former CIA Director Petraeus on Monday, and with Corker and Romney on Tuesday, Trump aides told reporters on a conference call. All three have been floated as potential picks to be Trump’s secretary of state. ",1
7038,"Factbox: Contenders, picks for key jobs in Trump's administration","(Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump is holding more meetings on Monday as he prepares to make high-level appointments, his transition team said. Below are people mentioned as contenders for senior roles as the Republican works to form his administration before taking office on Jan. 20, according to Reuters sources and media reports. See end of list for posts already filled. * Steven Mnuchin, former Goldman Sachs Group Inc executive and Trump’s campaign finance chairman * Jeb Hensarling, Republican U.S. representative from Texas and chairman of the House of Representatives Financial Services Committee * Tom Barrack, founder and chairman of Colony Capital Inc * John Allison, former chief executive officer of BB&T Corp * David McCormick, president of hedge fund Bridgewater Associates LP * Mitt Romney, 2012 Republican presidential nominee and former Massachusetts governor  * Rudy Giuliani, Republican former mayor of New York City * David Petraeus, retired U.S. general and former CIA director * John Bolton, former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations under Republican President George W. Bush * Bob Corker, Republican U.S. senator from Tennessee and chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee * Zalmay Khalilzad, former U.S. ambassador to Iraq * James Mattis, retired Marine Corps general * David Petraeus, former CIA director and retired Army general * Tom Cotton, Republican U.S. senator from Arkansas       * Jon Kyl, former Republican U.S. senator from Arizona * Duncan Hunter, Republican U.S. representative from California and early Trump supporter, member of the House Armed Services Committee * Jim Talent, former Republican U.S. senator from Missouri who was on the Senate Armed Services Committee  * Rick Perry, former Republican Texas governor * Stephen Hadley, former national security adviser under President George W. Bush * Tom Price, Republican U.S. representative from Georgia,  orthopedic surgeon * Rich Bagger, former pharmaceutical executive and former top aide to Republican New Jersey Governor Chris Christie * Bobby Jindal, former Republican Louisiana governor * Michael McCaul, Republican U.S. representative from Texas and chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee * David Clarke, Milwaukee county sheriff and vocal Trump supporter  * Joe Arpaio, outgoing Maricopa County, Arizona, sheriff who campaigned for Trump * Kris Kobach, Kansas secretary of state * Frances Townsend, homeland security and counterterrorism adviser to Republican former President George W. Bush * Jeff Holmstead, energy lawyer, former EPA official during George W. Bush administration * Robert Grady, venture capitalist, partner in private equity firm Gryphon Investors  * Leslie Rutledge, Republican Arkansas attorney general * Carol Comer, commissioner of the Indiana Department of Environmental Management * Scott Pruitt, Republican Oklahoma attorney general * Harold Hamm, Oklahoma oil and gas mogul, chief executive of Continental Resources Inc * Kevin Cramer, Republican U.S. representative from North Dakota * Robert Grady, venture capitalist, partner in private equity firm Gryphon Investors  * Larry Nichols, co-founder of Devon Energy Corp * James Connaughton, chief executive of Nautilus Data Technologies and a former environmental adviser to President George W. Bush * Rick Perry, former Republican Texas governor * Sarah Palin, former Alaska governor, 2008 Republican vice presidential nominee * Jan Brewer, Republican former Arizona governor * Forrest Lucas, founder of oil products company Lucas Oil * Harold Hamm, Oklahoma oil and gas mogul, chief executive of Continental Resources Inc * Robert Grady, venture capitalist, partner in private equity firm Gryphon Investors * Mary Fallin, Republican Oklahoma governor * Ray Washburne, chief executive of investment company Charter Holdings * Cathy McMorris Rodgers, U.S. representative from Washington state and House Republican Conference chair * Wilbur Ross, billionaire investor, chairman of Invesco Ltd subsidiary WL Ross & Co * Linda McMahon, former World Wrestling Entertainment executive and two-time Republican U.S. Senate candidate in Connecticut * U.S. Navy Admiral Mike Rogers, director of the National Security Agency * Ronald Burgess, retired U.S. Army lieutenant general and former Defense Intelligence Agency chief  * Robert Cardillo, director of the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency * Pete Hoekstra, Republican former U.S. representative from Michigan * Rudy Giuliani, Republican former mayor of New York City  * Dan DiMicco, former chief executive of steel producer Nucor Corp * Andrew Puzder, chief executive officer of CKE Restaurants * Victoria Lipnic, U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission commissioner and former Labor Department official during the George W. Bush administration * Elaine Chao, former labor secretary and deputy transportation secretary under Republican Presidents George W. Bush and George H.W. Bush, respectively. Chao is married to  Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell * Harold Ford, Democratic former U.S. Representative from Tennessee * Dr. Ben Carson, former 2016 Republican presidential candidate and retired neurosurgeon The Trump transition team confirmed he would choose from a list of 21 names he drew up during his campaign, including Republican U.S. Senator Mike Lee of Utah, and William Pryor, a federal judge with the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals.  * Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus * Steve Bannon, former head of the conservative website Breitbart News * Jeff Sessions, Republican U.S. senator from Alabama and senior member of the Senate Judiciary Committee (subject to Senate confirmation) * Republican U.S. Representative Mike Pompeo from Kansas (subject to Senate confirmation) * Michael Flynn, retired Army lieutenant general and former director of the Defense Intelligence Agency * Nikki Haley, Republican South Carolina governor (subject to Senate confirmation) * Betsy DeVos, Republican donor and former chair of the Michigan Republican Party  ",1
7039,"Trump, without evidence, says illegal voting cost him U.S. popular vote","PALM BEACH, Fla./WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump said in a tweet on Sunday that he won the popular vote in the Nov. 8 election “if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally”, though he provided no evidence of widespread voter fraud.  The allegation by Trump, who won the required votes in the Electoral College to secure the presidency, comes as Democratic rival Hillary Clinton’s lead in the popular vote over Trump has surpassed 2.0 million votes and is expected to grow to more than 2.5 million as ballots in populous states such as California continue to be tallied. Clinton’s legal team said on Saturday it had agreed to participate in a recount of Wisconsin votes after the state’s election board approved the effort requested by Green Party candidate Jill Stein, which Trump has called “ridiculous.” “In addition to winning the Electoral College in a landslide, I won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally,” the Republican Trump tweeted as reporters waited for him to leave his Mar-a-Lago golf resort in Florida to fly back to his residence in New York City. The U.S. presidential race is decided by the Electoral College, based on a tally of wins from the state-by-state contests, rather than by the national vote. Trump has surpassed the 270 electoral votes needed to win the White House. The Electoral College results are expected to be finalized on Dec. 19. Trump takes office on Jan. 20. “It would have been much easier for me to win the so-called popular vote than in the Electoral College in that I would only campaign in 3 or 4 states instead of the 15 states that I visited,” Trump added in follow-up tweets. Several hours later, Trump tweeted, again without citing evidence: “Serious voter fraud in Virginia, New Hampshire and California - so why isn’t the media reporting on this? Serious bias - big problem!” Clinton won all three states. A spokesman for Trump did not immediately respond to a request for comment.  Before the election, Trump made unsubstantiated allegations that the results of the election might be “rigged” against him but several studies have found no evidence of widespread or significant voter fraud in the United States. Since the vote, his message has alternated between appealing for unity and railing against his opponents and the media. In a video message released ahead of the U.S. Thanksgiving holiday on Thursday, Trump said he hoped it would be a time for Americans “to begin to heal our divisions” following a “long and bruising political campaign.” In a tweet on Saturday, Trump derided the fundraising effort by Stein to launch recounts in Wisconsin, Michigan and Pennsylvania as a “scam” that is “is now being joined by the badly defeated and demoralized Dems.”  Those states had voted Democratic in recent presidential elections but all voted narrowly in favor of the Republican Trump in this month’s election. The recounts are not expected to change the results of the election. Stein, who won about 1.0 percent of the national vote, has said she wants a recount to guarantee the integrity of the U.S. voting system, a push that came after some computer scientists and election lawyers raised the possibility that hacks could have affected the results. Democratic President Barack Obama’s administration has said there is no evidence of electoral tampering, but experts have said that the only way to verify the results are accurate is to conduct a recount. ",1
7040,Trump considers retired General Petraeus as top diplomat: Bloomberg,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Donald Trump will meet with retired U.S. General David Petraeus on Monday as the president-elect considers him to serve as U.S. secretary of state, Bloomberg reported, citing a senior official with Trump’s transition team. Petraeus, a former CIA director who resigned in 2012 after it emerged he had an extra-marital affair, has indicated that he would serve in Trump’s administration if asked. ",1
7041,Trump faces dilemma as U.S. oil reels from record biofuels targets,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Obama administration signed its final plan for renewable fuel use in the United States last week, leaving an oil industry reeling from the most aggressive biofuel targets yet as President-elect Donald Trump takes over. The Renewable Fuel Standard (RFS) program, signed into law by President George W. Bush, is one of the country’s most controversial energy policies. It requires energy firms to blend ethanol and biodiesel into gasoline and diesel.      The policy was designed to cut greenhouse gas emissions, reduce U.S. reliance on oil imports and boost rural economies that provide the crops for biofuels. It has pitted two of Trump’s support bases against each other: Big Oil and Big Corn. The farming sector has lobbied hard for the maximum biofuel volumes laid out in the law to be blended into gasoline motor fuels, while the oil industry argues that the program creates additional costs. Balancing oil and farm interests is likely to prove a challenge for Trump, who has promised to curtail regulations on the oil industry but is already being reminded by biofuels advocates of the importance of the program to the American Midwest, where he received strong support from voters on Nov. 8.     Oil groups are renewing their calls to change or repeal the program following Wednesday’s announcement, when the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) set record mandates for renewable fuels - for the first time hitting levels targeted by Congress nearly a decade ago.. The EPA plan is “completely detached from market realities and confirms once again that Congress must take immediate action to remedy this broken program,” said Chet Thompson, President of the American Fuel and Petrochemical Manufacturers, in a statement. It is unclear what Trump’s plans for the program will be and his transition team did not respond to Reuters’ requests for comment. Both camps are expecting an administration receptive to their demands, though both have expressed concern and uncertainty over Trump’s plans for the program, according to experts, industry and political sources.   The installation of climate change skeptic Myron Ebell as head of the transition at the EPA bolstered oil industry confidence Trump will swing their way. In September, Trump appeared to briefly echo the views of his supporter, billionaire Carl Icahn, who expressed concern about the program. Icahn, who owns a stake in an oil refiner, renewed those criticisms last week, saying the ethanol credit market generated by the program is susceptible to manipulation and harming independent refiners. PRO-ETHANOL CAMPAIGNING The president-elect campaigned on a pro-ethanol platform when he visited America’s farm states and biofuels advocates expect he will keep the RFS strong, maintaining annual targets at the minimum set forth by Congress. “Mr. Trump will not turn his back on the American heartland, we believe in him,” said Annette Sweeney, a former state representative from Iowa who was a member of the Trump’s agricultural advisory committee during his candidacy. “To a certain extent, we are on higher ground. You always want to be on higher ground,” said Bob Dinneen, head of the Renewable Fuels Association, referring to the increase. “We’ll be able to demonstrate the marketplace can absorb 15 billion gallons of ethanol. We can put this all behind us. As we look to 2018... there’s no reason to go back,” he said. The renewables industries have already started to emphasize their place among American-made fuels, something experts expect will appeal to Trump. “There are a lot of good things to be said about second-generation fuels, even from the new administration’s perspective,” said Harvard University professor and former Obama administration advisor James Stock. “All the new administration needs to do is embrace the original ... vision of the RFS,” he said. ",1
7042,"Solar, wind industries hope years courting Republicans pays off under Trump","LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - U.S. wind and solar companies for the first time gave more money to Republicans than Democrats during the 2016 election cycle, according to federal campaign disclosures, part of a years-long effort to expand renewable energy’s appeal beyond liberal environmentalists. The industry is now hoping its strategy of reaching across the political divide will pay off in the form of Congressional support as Republican Donald Trump, a climate change skeptic who has expressed doubts about the role of clean energy, takes the White House in January. “We’re not starting from ground zero,” said Isaac Brown, a principal at 38 North Solutions, which lobbies on behalf of clean energy clients. The U.S. wind and solar industries employ over 300,000 people, making clean energy an important political constituency that is about five times bigger than the coal sector for jobs, thanks to years of rapid growth fueled by government incentives and declines in the cost of their technologies.  They have also fought to win over a new breed of backer: conservatives skeptical of climate change but interested in supporting homegrown energy alternatives that increase national security, boost competition, and create well-paying blue collar jobs. But Trump’s upset victory over Democrat Hillary Clinton in the Nov. 8 presidential election has cast doubt on the future of a federal tax break for renewable energy seen critical to the industry’s continued growth.  Trump has never specifically called for those credits to end, but has expressed skepticism about the role of solar and wind in the U.S. energy landscape, calling both “so expensive” and blaming wind turbines for killing birds and ruining picturesque landscapes. During his campaign, Trump also called global warming a hoax and promised to quit a global accord to cut greenhouse gas emissions, though he has since softened his stance and said he is keeping an “open mind” about the deal. The renewable energy industry got a boost last year when Congress approved a five-year extension of tax credits for new power projects fueled by solar panels and wind turbines, and the industry’s main concern in Washington is to ensure they are not withdrawn in Trump’s first term, or allowed to expire should he win a second.  A Trump official did not respond to a request for comment about how he will approach renewables as president. But one of Trump’s potential picks for Energy Secretary, Oklahoma oil and gas drilling mogul Harold Hamm, has been a vocal opponent of subsidies for renewable energy.  Renewable stocks took a beating immediately after Trump’s election but have since mostly recovered. During the 2016 cycle, the wind and solar industry’s political action committees contributed more than $225,000 to Republican candidates for office, compared with $185,000 for Democrats. The numbers are not large by the standards of political donations but they mark the first time the industry has tilted its contributions toward Republicans, according to federal records.  In 2012, Democrats got about two-thirds of the industry’s contributions. Recipients this year included 34 House Republicans and 19 Senate Republicans. U.S. Senator Dean Heller from Nevada, New York Representative Tom Reed and North Carolina U.S. Senator Richard Burr – all vocal proponents of renewables - together accounted for more than 40 percent of the Solar Energy Industries Association PAC’s total federal campaign donations. “It is reassuring that we have those relationships already developed, and we have a really strong business case for the policies that have been implemented,” said Brown of 38 North Solutions. Industry executives like SunPower Chief Executive Tom Werner and First Solar Inc CEO Mark Widmar have acknowledged the uncertainty around federal support for renewables. But they have sought to assuage investors, saying current policies are likely to remain due to the cost-competitiveness of their technologies and the number of jobs they represent. The industry has also tried to get its message out to Trump. The Solar Energy Industries Association, before the election, provided Trump staffers with information about the investment tax credit and its impact on jobs and the economy.  The American Wind Energy Association would not say what interactions it has had with Trump’s team, but twice during the campaign it published posts on its blog to counter his statements on the cost of wind energy and its impact on birds. “The hope is to partner with and educate new appointees (in Trump’s administration) and point out the facts, and then we’ll see,” said SunPower’s Werner.  Though Democrats have historically been viewed as the strongest supporters of renewable energy, utility-scale wind farms and solar installations are found throughout the nation - including in Republican-leaning states like Arizona, North Carolina, Oklahoma and North Dakota - and enjoy bipartisan support among Americans. A Pew Research Center poll from October found 83 percent of conservative Republicans favor more solar installations, and 75 percent favor more wind farms. Those figures were 97 percent and 93 percent for liberal Democrats.  The expansion of solar beyond liberal strongholds like California and the Northeast has been critical to garnering Republican support over the last few years. The wind industry has been established in red states for far longer than solar and has a longer track record of support from Republican lawmakers in those states.  ",1
7043,Cubans fret over life after Castro with Trump next door,"HAVANA (Reuters) - From the Bay of Pigs invasion to a historic visit by President Barack Obama to Havana, Cubans have known for generations that whenever the United States turns its face to Cuba, Fidel Castro would be staring right back. But the death of “El Comandante” has added to worries among  Cubans that U.S. President-elect Donald Trump will slam the door shut on nascent trade and travel ties, undoing two years of detente with the United States under Obama. Many Cubans believe they could do with their late leader’s charisma and way with words to counter Trump’s bombast. “With ‘El Comandante’ gone, I am a little fearful of what could happen because of Trump’s way of thinking and acting,” said Yaneisi Lara, a 36-year-old Havana street vendor and flower seller. “He could set back and block everything that’s been going on, all the things Obama has done. And he did a lot, managing to get the U.S. closer to Cuba,” she said, admitting she would consider moving to the United States herself. Trump has struck a very different tone from Obama, who reached an agreement two years ago with Castro’s younger brother, President Raul Castro, to end half a century of hostilities. Late in his election campaign, Trump sought to reassure  Cuban-American voters in Florida that he was firm in his opposition to the Castros, and pledged that, if elected, he would close down the newly re-opened U.S. embassy in Havana. Earlier on, in the primary contests to pick the Republican presidential nominee, Trump said he thought restoring diplomatic ties with Cuba was fine, but that Obama ought to have cut a better deal. Now that Trump has won the presidency, it is hard to know exactly what his approach to Cuba will be. “None of that has been decided,” Trump’s senior adviser, Kellyanne Conway, said on NBC’s “Meet the Press” on Sunday. “The president-elect will make those decisions once he takes office.” However, Reince Priebus, who will be Trump’s chief of staff when he takes office on Jan. 20, said Trump would call for more political freedoms from the Cuban government, and that if he did not get this he would roll back Obama’s opening. “There isn’t going to be a one-way relationship from the United States to Cuba without some action from the Castro administration,” Priebus said on “Fox News Sunday.” After the death of the 90-year-old Fidel Castro on Friday, Obama called him a “singular figure,” while Trump described him as a “brutal dictator.” Castro began his career as a revolutionary by toppling a U.S.-backed government, repelled a CIA-backed counter-revolutionary invasion at the Bay of Pigs in 1961, and faced off against President John F. Kennedy in the Cuban missile crisis a year later. During 49 years in office, he crossed swords with 10 U.S. presidents. And while he took a lower profile after officially retiring in 2008, Castro never stopped warning Cubans that the American government was not to be trusted. Although moving closer to the United States, Raul Castro has not given up much ground to the Obama administration in terms of liberalizing Cuba’s one-party political system. Obama did not succeed in convincing Congress to lift the United States’ tough economic embargo on Cuba, but he personally opposed the sanctions and used executive actions to allow more contact and commerce.  The first U.S. commercial flight to Havana in about half a century is due to arrive on Monday. Trump could easily review such measures. He has included Mauricio Claver-Carone, a leading advocate for maintaining a tough economic embargo, in his transition team. Without giving any specifics, Trump said on Saturday that his administration would “do all it can” once he takes office to help increase freedom and prosperity for Cuban people after the death of Castro. “Trump is the polar opposite of Obama,” said burly Havana taxi driver Pablo Fernandez Martinez, 39, as he hustled for work.  Life in Cuba remains hard for its educated but underemployed people, but engagement with the United States has brought in more dollars. Martinez fears that could dry up in Trump’s administration.      “There will probably be less tourist traffic. That will affect everyone in Cuba, and hit the economy,” said Martinez, who earns $100-$120 a week driving for foreigners. Pedro Machado, 68, is a retired engineer in marine research who now rents out rooms in his airy apartment near Havana’s “Malecon” seafront. Watching television with his wife, Machado worried that Trump’s angry rhetoric could spell trouble. “Trump’s policies are very aggressive. We’ll have to see what he actually does. But it certainly looks like bad news for Latin America and for Cuba in particular,” he said. “My generation benefited from Fidel’s revolution, in terms of education, the poor were helped. Not everything was a bed of roses, but Fidel helped us,” he added “The United States has acted as an empire, and that’s what Trump represents. Given what he has said, the future is not looking great.” ",1
7044,Trump adviser warns him not to pick Romney for Secretary of State,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - An internal dispute among Donald Trump’s advisers broke out into the open on Sunday when his campaign manager warned that the president-elect could face an intense backlash from supporters if he chose Mitt Romney to be his secretary of state. Trump has been weighing whether to pick Romney, the 2012 Republican presidential nominee who spent much of the past year criticizing Trump, or former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani, who backed the real-estate mogul’s insurgent presidential run. Giuliani would fit with the other loyalists and conservative hardliners that Trump has picked to fill out his administration so far, but he has drawn criticism for working as a consultant to foreign governments.  Trump could help unite his party and win over skeptical establishment Republicans if he chooses Romney for the post. Though the debate has largely played out behind closed doors, campaign manager Kellyanne Conway warned that Trump could anger his supporters if he picked Romney, who called him a “fraud” and a “phony” in speeches this year. “They feel betrayed to think that you can get Romney back in there after everything he did - we don’t even know if he voted for Donald Trump. He and his consultants were nothing but awful to Donald Trump for a year,” she said on NBC’s “Meet the Press.” “I am all for party unity but I am not sure that we have to pay for that with the Secretary of State position,” Conway said on CNN. Conway said she would support Trump if he decided to pick Romney for the position, but other Republicans criticized her for making her case on television, rather than talking to Trump directly. “Astounding to hear K. Conway, who has the ability to tell Trump privately, trash possibility of Romney as Sec of State publicly,” Republican strategist Ana Navarro wrote on Twitter. ",1
7045,Trump says hopes for Cuban 'freedom' after Castro death,"WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump said on Saturday that his administration would “do all it can” once he takes office on Jan. 20 to help increase freedom and prosperity for Cuban people after the death of Fidel Castro. But his initial reaction to Castro’s death sidestepped whether the incoming president would make good on a threat made late in his White House campaign to reverse President Barack Obama’s moves to open relations with the Cold War adversary. Obama used his executive powers on a series of steps to ease trade, travel and financial restrictions against Cuba, arguing it was time to try diplomacy after the half-century-long economic embargo against Cuba had failed to shake the regime. Trump’s first statement on Cuba policy since the Nov. 8 election, issued from his Palm Beach, Florida, resort where he and his family were spending the weekend after the Thanksgiving holiday, did not address whether he would roll back Obama’s measures because of concerns about religious and political freedom in Cuba. “Though the tragedies, deaths and pain caused by Fidel Castro cannot be erased, our administration will do all it can to ensure the Cuban people can finally begin their journey toward prosperity and liberty,” Trump said in the statement.  “While Cuba remains a totalitarian island, it is my hope that today marks a move away from the horrors endured for too long, and toward a future in which the wonderful Cuban people finally live in the freedom they so richly deserve,” he said. Trump has just begun to fill out the top ranks of his national security team, and has not yet named his top diplomat - the secretary of state - who will play a major role in formulating policy on Cuba. He last week named Mauricio Claver-Carone, a political lobbyist who has strongly criticized Obama’s efforts to normalize relations with Cuba and supports maintaining the U.S. embargo against the island, to his transition team at the U.S. Treasury Department. The agency is responsible for enforcing U.S. trade and travel restrictions on Cuba. Claver-Carone is director of the U.S.-Cuba Democracy Political Action Committee. Claver-Carone was not immediately available for comment on Saturday. Trump’s initial statement was viewed by some to mark a softening from his rhetoric on Cuba policy late in the campaign, one U.S. intelligence official told Reuters, speaking on the condition of anonymity. “This may be one place where his business interests prod him to take a more pragmatic course, even if that angers the hard-core, anti-Castro elements of both parties,” the official told Reuters. A second U.S. official noted the foreign policy advisers Trump has named thus far are not known to have any particular interest in Cuba. That may mean Trump’s economic team will have more sway over Cuba policy, which could lead to a more pragmatic approach, the second official said. An aggressive policy by Trump would close off lucrative opportunities to U.S. businesses and hand them to European or Asian firms, and would hurt companies like American Airlines (AAL.O), due to start commercial flights to Havana on Monday for the first time in half a century. Trump - a New York businessman and former reality TV star with an unconventional approach to politics - started his campaign saying he was open to lifting the long-standing embargo on trade with Cuba. In January, he said on Fox News that he was in favor of “opening it up” with Cuba, but wanted a better “deal” than Obama had made, comments he repeated in a debate with Republican rivals in March. “I would want to make a strong, solid, good deal because right now, everything is in Cuba’s favor,” Trump said in March, saying he would “probably have the embassy closed” in Havana until a new deal was made. When Obama visited Cuba later that month, Trump said in an interview with CNN that he “probably” would continue to normalize economic and diplomatic relations with Cuba, and would even open a Trump hotel in Cuba if the conditions were right. “I think Cuba has certain potential, and I think it’s OK to bring Cuba into the fold, but you have to make a much better deal,” he said, noting he was worried Cuba would sue the United States for reparations for damage caused by its decades-long embargo on Cuba. Cuba policy was not part of a major foreign policy address Trump delivered in April. After he secured his party’s nomination, his position shifted to a more traditional Republican position. At a Miami rally in September, Trump said he would roll back Obama’s Cuban policy reforms unless Cuban leaders allowed religious freedom and freed political prisoners. “The next president can reverse them, and that I will do unless the Castro regime meets our demands,” Trump told supporters. His vice presidential running mate, Mike Pence, also took a hard line. “Let me make you a promise,” Pence said in Miami just days before the election. “When Donald Trump is president of the United States, we will repeal Obama’s executive orders on Cuba.” On Saturday, Pence tweeted: “The tyrant Castro is dead. New hope dawns. We will stand with the oppressed Cuban people for a free and democratic Cuba. Viva Cuba Libre!” Trump will face pressure to reverse Obama’s orders on Cuba from a bloc of mostly Republican Cuban-American lawmakers that has worked to keep tight restrictions on trade and travel with Cuba for years. They believe Cuba’s government is still too repressive to ease economic and travel restrictions. “The dictator has died, but the dictatorship has not,” said U.S. Senator Marco Rubio of Florida, a Cuban-American who ran against Trump to be the Republican presidential candidate. “The future of Cuba ultimately remains in the hands of the Cuban people, and now more than ever Congress and the new administration must stand with them against their brutal rulers and support their struggle for freedom and basic human rights.” But some Republicans want to continue with Obama’s opening. U.S. Senator Jeff Flake of Arizona, a leading Republican anti-embargo voice, said on Saturday that “more frequent and consequential ties between Cubans and Americans” would more likely boost income and sap the strength of the Castro government. Democratic Congresswoman Kathy Castor, who represents a Tampa, Florida, district with a significant Cuban population, said she thinks Castro’s death could make it easier for the Trump administration to change its Cuba stance. “While Fidel Castro was alive, there was an emotional impediment for greater engagement” from the Cuban exile community in Miami, Castor told Reuters. “That emotional impediment now is gone,” she said. ",1
7046,Sanders to Trump: use defense contracts as leverage for Carrier jobs,"WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. (Reuters) - U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders turned up the pressure on President-elect Donald Trump on Saturday about his pledge to try to stop an Indiana air conditioner manufacturer from moving 1,400 jobs to Mexico. Both Sanders, who challenged Hillary Clinton for the Democratic nomination, and Trump seized on an announcement earlier this year by United Technologies Corp’s Carrier division that it would shift production to Mexico as an example of how trade deals hurt U.S. workers. Sanders on Saturday warned “it is not good enough to save some of these jobs” and said Trump should use as leverage United Technologies’ defense contracts, Export-Import Bank financing, and tax breaks. “I call on Mr. Trump to make it clear to the CEO of United Technologies that if his firm wants to receive another defense contract from the taxpayers of this country, it must not move these plants to Mexico,” the senator from Vermont said in a statement. A representative for Carrier declined to comment on Sanders’ statement. Trump, who takes office on Jan. 20, said on Thursday that he was “working hard, even on Thanksgiving” to get the plant to stay and said he was “making progress” on the issue. Carrier Corp. confirmed it had “discussions with the incoming administration.” Neither side has provided details. Trump had threatened to slap taxes on the company’s air conditioners made in Mexico and shipped back to the United States. A spokesman was not immediately available for comment on Sanders’ statement on Saturday. Sanders said he would soon introduce legislation that would prevent companies that outsource from receiving federal contracts, grants and loans, and force companies that outsource jobs to pay a penalty tax and pay back tax breaks. ",1
7047,"Clinton team to take part in U.S. state vote recount, Trump blasts effort","WASHINGTON/WEST PAlM BEACH, Fla. (Reuters) - Democrat Hillary Clinton’s campaign will take part in a recount of Wisconsin votes in the U.S. presidential race, an effort Republican winner Donald Trump called “ridiculous” on Saturday. Wisconsin’s election board on Friday approved the recount requested by Green Party candidate Jill Stein. She has said she wants to guarantee the integrity of the U.S. voting system since computer hacking had marked the Nov. 8 election. Marc Elias, the Clinton campaign counsel, said the campaign would take part in the recount in Wisconsin as well as in the other battleground states of Pennsylvania and Michigan if recounts were mounted there. Elias said in a statement on the Medium website that the Clinton campaign had not planned to seek a recount since its own investigation had failed to turn up any sign of hacking of voting systems. “But now that a recount has been initiated in Wisconsin, we intend to participate in order to ensure the process proceeds in a manner that is fair to all sides,” Elias said.  Clinton’s campaign should be legally represented in  Wisconsin to be able to monitor the recount, he said.  In a statement, Trump said the three states had been won by wide margins, including by more than 70,000 votes in Pennsylvania. The recount is a “scam by the Green Party for an election that has already been conceded,” he said. The $7 million Stein has sought to raise for the recounts is a way “to fill her coffers with money, most of which she will never even spend on this ridiculous recount,” he said.  Although Trump won the Electoral College tally, Clinton will have won the national popular vote by more than 2 million ballots when the final results are in. Stein has raised $5.8 million of the $7 million needed to cover fees and legal costs for the three recounts, according to her campaign website. The deadline for filing a recount bid in Pennsylvania is Monday. The voting margins make it highly unlikely any recounts would end up giving Clinton a win in all three states, which would be needed for the overall election result to change. Trump beat Clinton in Pennsylvania by 70,010 votes, in Michigan by 10,704 votes and in Wisconsin by 27,257 votes. Experts urged extra scrutiny of the three states, Stein told CNN on Friday, because their voting systems were seen as vulnerable. ",1
7048,Trump calls Green Party vote recount request a 'scam',"WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump on Saturday called a request for a recount of votes in Wisconsin a “scam” by the Green Party and said even his Democratic challenger Hillary Clinton had said the election results should be accepted. “This is a scam by the Green Party for an election that has already been conceded, and the results of this election should be respected instead of being challenged and abused, which is exactly what (Green Party leader) Jill Stein is doing,” Trump said in a statement about the recount. “This recount is just a way for Jill Stein, who received less than one percent of the vote overall and wasn’t even on the ballot in many states, to fill her coffers with money, most of which she will never even spend on this ridiculous recount,” Trump said. ",1
7049,Vice President-elect Pence says 'new hope dawns' for Cuba,WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Vice President-elect Mike Pence said on Saturday that “new hope dawns” for Cuba after the death of Fidel Castro. “The tyrant Castro is dead. New hope dawns. We will stand with the oppressed Cuban people for a free and democratic Cuba. Viva Cuba Libre!” Pence said on Twitter. ,1
7050,U.S. to continue supporting engagement with Cuban people: Kerry,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry offered his condolences to the Cuban people on Saturday, adding that the United States would continue to support engaging with them after the death of Fidel Castro. “The United States reaffirms its support for deepening our engagement with the Cuban people now and in coming years,” Kerry said in a statement. He added that as the two countries moved forward in the process of normalizing relations, it would be done “with an earnest desire not to ignore history but to write a new and better future for our two peoples.” ",1
7051,House Speaker Ryan says work remains to secure freedom in Cuba,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said on Saturday that even after Castro’s death “much work remains to secure the freedom of the Cuban people,” something that the United States must be fully committed to. “Now that Fidel Castro is dead, the cruelty and oppression of his regime should die with him,” Ryan said in a statement. “Today let us reflect on the memory and sacrifices of all those who have suffered under the Castros.” ",1
7052,Trump says he will do all he can to help Cuban people,"WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump said on Saturday that his administration, which takes office Jan. 20, would “do all it can” to help boost freedom and prosperity for Cuban people after the death of Fidel Castro. “Though the tragedies, deaths and pain caused by Fidel Castro cannot be erased, our administration will do all it can to ensure the Cuban people can finally begin their journey toward prosperity and liberty,” Trump said in a statement. “While Cuba remains a totalitarian island, it is my hope that today marks a move away from the horrors endured for too long, and toward a future in which the wonderful Cuban people finally live in the freedom they so richly deserve,” he said. ",1
7053,Castro's death an opportunity for Cuba: McConnell,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said on Saturday that Fidel Castro’s death was an opportunity for the Cuban government to “turn the page for the good of the Cuban people,” adding that freedom and democracy were overdue in the country. “While Fidel Castro is gone, sadly the oppression that was the hallmark of his era is not,” McConnell, a Kentucky Republican, said in a statement.  ",1
7054,Obama says history will judge Castro's impact on world,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama in a statement on Saturday offered his condolences to Fidel Castro’s family and added that history would judge Castro’s impact on Cuba and around the world.  “At this time of Fidel Castro’s passing, we extend a hand of friendship to the Cuban people,” Obama said. “History will record and judge the enormous impact of this singular figure on the people and world around him.” Obama added that during his presidency he had worked to “put the past behind us,” while working on a future that was built on those things that were in common. ",1
7055,"Trump turns to Washington lawyer to navigate legal, ethics issues","WEST PALM BEACH, Fla./WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump on Friday chose Washington insider Donald McGahn to be his White House counsel, giving him the job of untangling potential conflicts of interest that the New York businessman’s presidency may present. McGahn, a former chairman of the Federal Election Commission, had been the chief counsel of the Trump campaign and was one of the few members of the Republican establishment to embrace the outsider candidate. While Trump during his campaign frequently promised to “drain the swamp” of the political establishment in Washington, McGahn has an extensive history in the capital, especially in conservative politics. McGahn served for years as counsel to the National Republican Congressional Committee, the arm of the Republican Party that oversees campaigns for the U.S. House of Representatives.  During his time at the FEC, McGahn was an advocate for loosening restrictions on campaign spending and was widely praised for opening up more of the commission’s internal processes to the public. Along with providing guidance on ethics issues, the White House Counsel’s office advises the president on the legality of proposed executive orders and legislation passed by Congress and vets potential administration appointees, including Supreme Court justices.  “Don has a brilliant legal mind, excellent character and a deep understanding of constitutional law,” Trump said in a statement.  Trump, a businessman who has never held public office, has real estate and leisure holdings all over the world, sparking concerns that his investments could color his decision-making in office. Trump has said that he will hand over day-to-day responsibilities of running his company to his children, but he has resisted calls to place his assets in a blind trust. Trump also has expressed interest in finding a way to bypass a federal anti-nepotism law in order to give his son-in-law, Jared Kushner, a formal White House role.  When Trump met with President Barack Obama earlier this month, Obama advised Trump during their Oval Office chat that his White House counsel would be an important job. Trump has vowed to reverse Obama’s executive orders in a number of areas, including immigration and gun control. He also must nominate someone to fill the vacancy on the Supreme Court left by the death of Justice Antonin Scalia. McGahn will be tasked with shepherding the nominee through confirmation hearings. Trump, who is spending the Thanksgiving holiday weekend at his home in Palm Beach, Florida, also continued to round out his national security team on Friday, naming Kathleen Troia “K.T.” McFarland, as his deputy national security adviser.  McFarland served in three Republican administrations and was an aide to Henry Kissinger in the 1970s. A strong backer of Trump during the election campaign, McFarland will work with Lieutenant General Michael Flynn, Trump’s pick as his national security adviser. Neither position requires confirmation by the U.S Senate. The appointments came amid reports that Trump’s aides are divided about his choice for secretary of state, with some preferring 2012 Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney, who harshly criticized Trump during the campaign, and others backing Rudy Giuliani, the former New York City mayor. Transition officials on Friday downplayed any internal tension, calling reports of discord “overblown.”  Officials said that after returning to New York, Trump will meet with several more potential cabinet picks on Monday, including John Allison, the former chief executive of BB&T Corp who has been mentioned as a possible choice for U.S. Treasury secretary, and Paul Atkins, a former commissioner of the Securities and Exchange Commission. ",1
7056,Wisconsin agrees to statewide recount in presidential race,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Wisconsin’s election board agreed on Friday to conduct a statewide recount of votes cast in the presidential race, as requested by a Green Party candidate seeking similar reviews in two other states where Donald Trump scored narrow wins. The recount process, including an examination by hand of the nearly 3 million ballots tabulated in Wisconsin, is expected to begin late next week after Green Party candidate Jill Stein’s campaign has paid the required fee, the Elections Commission said. The state faces a Dec. 13 federal deadline to complete the recount, which may require canvassers in Wisconsin’s 72 counties to work evenings and weekends to finish the job in time, according to the commission. The recount fee has yet to be determined, the agency said in a statement on its website. Stein said in a Facebook message on Friday that the sum was expected to run to about $1.1 million. She said she has raised at least $5 million from donors since launching her drive on Wednesday for recounts in Wisconsin, Michigan and Pennsylvania - three battleground states where Republican Trump edged out Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton by relatively thin margins. Stein has said her goal is to raise $7 million to cover all fees and legal costs. Her effort may have given a ray of hope to dispirited Clinton supporters, but the chance of overturning the overall result of the Nov. 8 election is considered very slim, even if all three states go along with the recount. The Green Party candidate, who garnered little more than 1 percent of the nationwide popular vote herself, said on Friday that she was seeking to verify the integrity of the U.S. voting system, not to undo Trump’s victory. While there was no evidence of tampering or voting errors in the election, only a thorough review of results from the three states at issue will reassure Americans, Stein said. “This was a hack-riddled election,” she told CNN, pointing to various cyber-attacks on political organizations and individual email accounts before Election Day and media reports citing concerns raised by computer security specialists. Experts urged extra scrutiny of the three states, Stein said, because their voting systems were seen as vulnerable. They also cited “unexplained high numbers of undervotes,” the close finish between the two nominees and “discrepancies between pre-election polling and the official result,” she said. According to Stein, the Wisconsin commission confirmed receipt of her recount petition at 3:45 p.m. local time, just over an hour before the deadline for filing. The filing deadline is Monday in Pennsylvania and Wednesday in Michigan. The Wisconsin board said Stein was joined in her petition by another third-party candidate, Rocky Roque De La Fuente. Although Trump won narrowly in Wisconsin, Michigan and Pennsylvania, the margins make it highly unlikely any recounts would end up giving Clinton a win in all three states, which would be needed for the overall election result to change. Trump beat Clinton in Pennsylvania by 70,010 votes, in Michigan by 10,704 votes and in Wisconsin by 27,257 votes. The presidential race is decided by the Electoral College, based on a tally of wins from the state-by-state contests, rather than by the popular national vote. The Electoral College results are expected to be finalized on Dec. 19. Trump surpassed the 270 electoral votes needed to win, although Clinton will have won the national popular vote by more than 2 million ballots once final tallies are in. A representative for Trump’s transition team on Thursday had no comment on Stein’s effort, and Clinton has not commented on Stein’s effort. ",1
7057,Green Party files for vote recount in Wisconsin: state election commission,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The organization behind the presidential campaign for Green Party candidate Jill Stein, along with one other group, on Friday filed a petition with the Wisconsin Elections Commission for a recount of votes in the Nov. 8 election, the commission said. “The Commission is preparing to move forward with a statewide recount of votes for President of the United States, as requested by these candidates,” Commission Administrator Michael Haas said in a statement.   ",1
7058,"Mexicans very negative on Trump, but back talks with him: poll","MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - An overwhelming majority of Mexicans hold a negative view of U.S. President-elect Donald Trump, but most believe their own president should meet with him to defend the country’s interests, an opinion poll showed on Friday. The survey by polling firm Buendia & Laredo for newspaper El Universal showed that 74 percent of respondents had a negative opinion of Trump, a Republican. Only 5 percent had a positive view of him. Trump, who launched a string of verbal attacks on Mexico during the campaign, has vowed to build a wall along the U.S. southern border, carry out mass deportations of illegal immigrants and has threatened to ditch a trade agreement with Mexico and Canada. President Enrique Pena Nieto sparked widespread anger by inviting Trump to Mexico City for talks at the end of August. A parallel survey by the same pollster published at the weekend showed that nearly two-thirds of Mexicans believed the invitation was a mistake. Still, now that Trump has been elected president, 53 percent of Mexicans said Pena Nieto should meet the New Yorker to promote the country’s interests with the United States, the poll showed. Some 43 percent of those surveyed took the opposite view. Fully 52 percent of the respondents said they held a positive opinion of Trump’s defeated Democratic rival, Hillary Clinton, with only 7 percent of the opposite view. The poll of 1,000 Mexicans was conducted between Nov. 11 and 15, and had a margin of error of 3.5 percent. ",1
7059,Trump names Don McGahn as White House Counsel - transition official,"WASHINGTON/WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump has chosen Don McGahn, a well-known campaign finance lawyer, as his White House counsel and K.T. McFarland, a national security analyst, to be his deputy national security adviser, a transition official said on Friday. (Story corrects spelling of McGahn.) ",1
7060,"Blue-collar Democrats to party: It's still the economy, stupid","(Reuters) - David Betras could see trouble coming. The Democratic Party chairman in Youngstown, Ohio, wrote to Hillary Clinton’s advisers in May warning she needed to put a jobs-focused message at the heart of her White House campaign or else watch blue-collar voters in states like Ohio, Michigan and Pennsylvania slip away to Republican Donald Trump. Clinton never responded to Betras, and in the final weeks of her campaign she spent much of her time portraying Trump as unfit, rather than highlighting her economic plans. On Nov. 8, Election Day, Betras’ warning proved prescient - she lost Ohio and Pennsylvania and, on Wednesday, Michigan, too, based on the latest unofficial ballot counts. The surprising upset by Trump, a wealthy businessman who made his promises to renegotiate trade deals and restore jobs a centerpiece of his agenda, was fueled in part by support from white working-class voters in those vital Rust Belt states and elsewhere. After the disastrous election losses at the state and national level, Betras and other Rust Belt Democrats who have found success in blue-collar districts have some advice for their anxious party: the key to recapturing those voters is not a broad change in policy, but a new commitment to listen and act on their economic concerns, and to show Democrats care. “You can have all the great ideas on Earth, but if they don’t think you are on their side they aren’t going to listen to you,” said U.S. Representative Dan Kildee, of Flint, Michigan, one of a small cadre of Democrats in Congress who have learned how to win in working-class districts by emphasizing economic solutions. Democratic U.S. Representative Matt Cartwright, whose district around Scranton, Pennsylvania, was one of the presidential campaign’s prime battlegrounds, also won re-election to a third term with about 54 percent of the vote. About 40,000 Trump voters crossed over to back him, he said in an interview. “Why would they pick me and not also Hillary Clinton? It comes down to credibility,” he said. “I know the pain out there. When I talk to voters, jobs is always my No. 1 message, and I tell them exactly what I’m doing to get more jobs back to the district.” Recalling the 1992 presidential campaign theme of Clinton’s husband, Bill Clinton, Cartwright added: “It’s the economy, stupid. These folks are working harder and harder to try and stay in the same place.” The party’s efforts to regain lost ground with blue-collar voters could be a factor in next week’s election for Democratic leader in the House of Representatives. Tim Ryan, whose northeast Ohio district encompasses blue-collar Youngstown, is challenging veteran leader Nancy Pelosi of San Francisco. Ryan has emphasized his ability to talk to working class voters and said in announcing his leadership run that people “need to know we understand that they elected us to fight for economic opportunity for all.” Kildee, who was re-elected to a third term with 61 percent of the vote, said Democrats seeking lessons in the election rubble should not overreact and begin moderating their positions on social issues or shifting their stances to target elements of the party’s base of support. From decimated industrial towns to inner cities or the rural plains, voters share a similar anxiety about an economic system that seems to have left them behind, he said.   “Everybody is talking about the same thing, and it’s economic uncertainty - it’s the fear of not having a job, or their kids not getting a job, or not having a retirement,” Kildee said. “If we aren’t talking about jobs and the economy first, no one is listening when you talk about other issues.” ‘GOLD-PLATED TOILETS’ By tapping into those economic worries, Trump captured about two-thirds of whites with no college degree, exit polls showed. That helped him gain the razor-thin margin of victory he needed in Ohio, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin and Michigan - all picked up by President Barack Obama in 2012 - to win the Electoral College, despite losing the popular vote. In contrast to Trump, whose rallies were a call to arms against an economic system rigged against everyday Americans, Clinton mentioned but rarely highlighted the many aspects of her economic agenda during the final weeks of the campaign. “We were so off message that a billionaire with gold-plated toilets was the guy who was breaking through and talking to blue-collar families,” said Betras, party chairman in Ohio’s heavily Democratic Mahoning County, where Trump captured 47 percent of the vote, 12 percentage points better than Republican Mitt Romney in 2012. Betras said many blue-collar workers increasingly felt forgotten by the national party, which at times seemed more focused on social and cultural issues than on bread-and-butter economic concerns. The Democratic National Committee did not respond to questions about the party’s efforts to win working-class voters. Betras had urged Clinton in his memo to spend more time talking about ways to entice companies to repatriate manufacturing jobs, or her plans to create jobs through boosting infrastructure programs - both key elements of Trump’s stump speech. Both candidates made frequent visits to Pennsylvania and Ohio. But after the party conventions in July Clinton only traveled to Michigan four times, twice in the last week of the campaign, and never visited Wisconsin. Trump hit both a half-dozen times. David Murray, a registered independent who lives just outside Flint, Michigan, said he voted to re-elect Kildee and backed Obama in 2008 and 2012, but cast his presidential ballot for Trump this time. “I didn’t feel like Clinton really cared about us,” said Murray, a personal service industry worker. “We are still hurting here. I feel as if we haven’t recovered from the economic free fall. Clinton seemed like just another four years of what Obama has done for my area, which is four years of nothing.” Obama appeared to echo the concerns of Betras and the two lawmakers in recent comments on the Democratic post-election hand-wringing.  “The key for us — when I say ‘us,’ I mean Americans, but I think particularly for progressives — is to say your concerns are real, your anxieties are real, here’s how we fix them,” Obama said. Trump consistently outperformed Romney’s 2012 totals in areas with heavy concentrations of working-class whites. In Luzerne County, Pennsylvania, partially in Cartwright’s district, Trump won 58 percent of the vote compared to Romney’s 47 percent. In neighboring Lackawana County, Trump won 47 percent of the vote compared to Romney’s 36 percent. Sharon Taboada, a juvenile probation officer in Houghton Lake, Michigan, with two sons in college, said she voted for Trump in part because of his economic message. “Clinton talked very little about our economy and I feel she was way out of touch with the working force,” she said. ",1
7061,"Trump speaks with leaders of five nations, his team says","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump has recently spoken with the leaders of Greece, Hungary, Panama, Slovenia and Sweden, his transition team said in a statement on Friday.  The leaders of the five nations talked to Trump in recent days and congratulated the Republican on his Nov. 8 victory in the U.S. presidential election, the statement said. ",1
7062,"Contenders, picks for key jobs in Trump's administration","(Reuters) - Donald Trump is not expected to make additional high-level appointments on Friday, his transition team told reporters, adding that more meetings are planned for Monday. Below are people mentioned as contenders for senior roles as the Republican president-elect works to form his administration before taking office on Jan. 20, according to Reuters sources and media reports. See end of list for posts already filled. * Steven Mnuchin, former Goldman Sachs Group Inc executive and Trump’s campaign finance chairman * Jeb Hensarling, Republican U.S. representative from Texas and chairman of the House Financial Services Committee * Tom Barrack, founder and chairman of Colony Capital Inc * John Allison, former chief executive officer of BB&T Corp * David McCormick, president of hedge fund Bridgewater Associates LP * Mitt Romney, 2012 Republican presidential nominee and former Massachusetts governor  * Rudy Giuliani, former Republican mayor of New York City * John Bolton, former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations under Republican President George W. Bush * Bob Corker, Republican U.S. senator from Tennessee and chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee * Zalmay Khalilzad, former U.S. ambassador to Iraq * James Mattis, retired Marine general * David Petraeus, former CIA director and retired Army general * Tom Cotton, Republican U.S. senator from Arkansas       * Jon Kyl, former Republican U.S. senator from Arizona * Duncan Hunter, Republican U.S. representative from California and early Trump supporter, member of the House Armed Services Committee * Jim Talent, former Republican U.S. senator from Missouri who was on the Senate Armed Services Committee  * Rick Perry, former Republican Texas governor * Stephen Hadley, former national security adviser under President George W. Bush * Tom Price, Republican U.S. representative from Georgia,  orthopedic surgeon * Rich Bagger, former pharmaceutical executive and former top aide to Republican New Jersey Governor Chris Christie * Bobby Jindal, former Republican Louisiana governor * Michael McCaul, Republican U.S. representative from Texas and chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee * David Clarke, Milwaukee county sheriff and vocal Trump supporter  * Joe Arpaio, outgoing Maricopa County, Arizona, sheriff who campaigned for Trump * Kris Kobach, Kansas secretary of state * Frances Townsend, homeland security and counterterrorism adviser to former Republican President George W. Bush * Jeff Holmstead, energy lawyer, former EPA official during George W. Bush administration * Robert Grady, venture capitalist, partner in private equity firm Gryphon Investors  * Leslie Rutledge, Republican Arkansas attorney general * Carol Comer, commissioner of the Indiana Department of Environmental Management * Scott Pruitt, Oklahoma attorney general * Harold Hamm, Oklahoma oil and gas mogul, chief executive of Continental Resources Inc * Kevin Cramer, Republican U.S. Representative from North Dakota * Robert Grady, venture capitalist, partner in private equity firm Gryphon Investors  * Larry Nichols, co-founder of Devon Energy Corp * James Connaughton, chief executive of Nautilus Data Technologies and a former environmental adviser to President George W. Bush * Rick Perry, former Republican Texas governor * Sarah Palin, former Alaska governor, 2008 Republican vice presidential nominee * Jan Brewer, former Republican Arizona governor * Forrest Lucas, founder of oil products company Lucas Oil * Harold Hamm, Oklahoma oil and gas mogul, chief executive of Continental Resources Inc * Robert Grady, venture capitalist, partner in private equity firm Gryphon Investors * Mary Fallin, Republican Oklahoma governor * Ray Washburne, chief executive of investment company Charter Holdings * Cathy McMorris Rodgers, U.S. representative from Washington state and Republican Conference chair * Wilbur Ross, billionaire investor, chairman of Invesco Ltd subsidiary WL Ross & Co * Linda McMahon, former World Wrestling Entertainment executive and two-time Republican Senate candidate * Admiral Mike Rogers, director of the National Security Agency * Ronald Burgess, retired lieutenant general and former Defense Intelligence Agency chief  * Robert Cardillo, director of the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency * Pete Hoekstra, former Republican U.S. representative from Michigan * Rudy Giuliani, former Republican mayor of New York City  * Dan DiMicco, former chief executive of steel producer Nucor Corp * Andrew Puzder, chief executive officer of CKE Restaurants * Victoria Lipnic, U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission commissioner and former Labor Department official during the George W. Bush administration * Elaine Chao, former labor secretary and deputy transportation secretary under Republican Presidents George W. Bush and George H.W. Bush, respectively. Chao is married to  Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell * Harold Ford, former Democratic U.S. Representative from Tennessee * Dr. Ben Carson, former 2016 Republican presidential candidate and retired neurosurgeon The Trump transition team confirmed he would choose from a list of 21 names he drew up during his campaign, including Republican U.S. Senator Mike Lee of Utah, and William Pryor, a federal judge with the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals.  * Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus * Steve Bannon, former head of the conservative website Breitbart News * Jeff Sessions, Republican U.S. senator from Alabama and senior member of the Senate Judiciary Committee (subject to Senate confirmation) * Republican U.S. Representative Mike Pompeo from Kansas (subject to Senate confirmation) * Michael Flynn, retired Army lieutenant general and former director of the Defense Intelligence Agency * Nikki Haley, Republican South Carolina governor (subject to Senate confirmation) * Betsy DeVos, Republican donor and former chair of the Michigan Republican Party  ",1
7063,"Trump, Pence to meet with former BB&T CEO Allison, others on Monday","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump plans meetings with at least eight people on Monday as he seeks to fill out his administration, including John Allison, a former chief executive of BB&T Corp, who has been mentioned as a possible pick to head the U.S. Treasury Department. During a call with reporters on Friday, his transition team said Trump and Vice President-elect Mike Pence on Monday will also meet with: * former Securities and Exchange Commissioner Paul Atkins, * Sheriff David Clarke of Milwaukee County, Wisconsin, * Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt * General Growth Properties Chief Executive Sandeep Mathrani, * Texas Public Policy Foundation’s Kathleen White, * World Wide Technology CEO David Steward,  * and Republican U.S.  Representative Lou Barletta of Pennsylvania. ",1
7064,Trump's shifting positions since U.S. election win,"(Reuters) - After firing up crowds with boisterous and sometimes divisive campaign rhetoric, Donald Trump has appeared to moderate some stances since he won the U.S. presidential election on Nov. 8. Such shifts have cheered critics concerned about his campaign positions while angering some supporters. But Trump  also sometimes modified positions during the campaign, so the Republican president-elect could change stances again before or after he takes office on Jan. 20. The following are some of his changing positions: To chants from crowds of “Lock her up,” Trump said during the campaign that if he won the election, his administration would prosecute his Democratic rival over her use of a private email server while she was secretary of state, and over what he said were abuses of her position with regard to her family’s charitable foundation. During the second presidential debate on Oct. 9, he said he would appoint a special prosecutor and seek to jail Clinton if he won. Asked during a New York Times interview on Nov. 22 about reports that he no longer wanted to prosecute Clinton, Trump said, “I want to move forward, I don’t want to move back. And I don’t want to hurt the Clintons. I really don’t.” However, he said “no” when asked if he was definitively taking the idea of investigating Clinton off the table.  Trump has called global warming a hoax and during the campaign he said he wanted to withdraw the United States from the 2015 Paris Agreement among almost 200 nations, which came into effect on Nov. 4. Instead, he said he would push ahead and develop cheap coal, shale and oil. On Nov. 12, a source on his transition team said Trump’s advisers were considering ways to bypass a theoretical four-year procedure for leaving the climate accord. Asked in the Times interview on Nov. 22 if he was going to take America out of the world’s lead of confronting climate change, Trump said, “I have an open mind to it. We’re going to look very carefully.” Asked if he believed human activity causes climate change, he said, “I think there is some connectivity. There is some, something. It depends on how much.” During the campaign, Trump said he would repeal President Barack Obama’s signature Affordable Care Act. He called Obamacare a “disaster” and said he would replace it with a plan that would give states more control over the Medicaid health plan for the poor and allow insurers to sell plans nationally. In an interview with the Wall Street Journal published on Nov. 11, Trump said he was considering keeping parts of the law, including provisions letting parents keep adult children up to age 26 on insurance policies and barring insurers from denying coverage to people with pre-existing conditions. “Either Obamacare will be amended, or repealed and replaced,” Trump told the Journal. On the campaign trail, Trump repeatedly promised to build a wall along the U.S.-Mexican border to curb illegal immigration and that Mexico would pay for it. He also said he would deport millions of illegal immigrants and proposed a temporary ban on Muslims entering the country as a means of countering terrorism. He never retracted this but in the later stages of the campaign, rephrased it as a proposal to temporarily suspend immigration from regions deemed as exporting terrorism and where safe vetting cannot be ensured. In an interview with CBS program “60 Minutes” that aired on Nov. 13, Trump said he really planned to build a wall. However, asked if this could be a fence, he said it could be part wall, part fence. “For certain areas I would (have a fence) but certain areas, a wall is more appropriate. I’m very good at this - it’s called construction,” he said. Asked about deporting illegal immigrants, he told CBS that the initial focus would be on those immigrants who are “criminal and have criminal records,” who he said probably numbered 2 million and possibly even 3 million. During the campaign, Trump said the United States should revive use of waterboarding and “a lot more” when questioning terrorism suspects. Waterboarding, an interrogation tactic that simulates drowning, is widely regarded as torture and was banned under President Barack Obama. In the Nov. 22 Times interview, Trump said he had been impressed when he asked Marine General James Mattis, a potential pick for defense secretary, about waterboarding and Mattis replied, “I’ve always found, give me a pack of cigarettes and a couple of beers and I do better with that than I do with torture.” While the response had not made him change his mind, Trump said, it had impressed him that the use of waterboarding was “not going to make the kind of a difference that maybe a lot of people think.” ",1
7065,"More company climate votes ahead, as Trump may loosen energy rules","BOSTON (Reuters) - Activist shareholders plan a record number of resolutions focused on climate change at U.S. company annual meetings in 2017, even as President-elect Donald Trump looks set to loosen environmental regulations. Based on filings so far, U.S. companies are on track to face roughly 200 resolutions on climate matters at their shareholder meetings next year, according to Rob Berridge, who follows the subject for Ceres, a sustainability advocacy group.  There were 174 such resolutions this year, Berridge said, compared with 167 in 2015 and 148 in 2014. Many have been directed at big oil and gas companies, though other sectors have also been targeted, including technology and retail. Activist shareholders broadly aim to curb companies’ carbon emissions and make energy usage more efficient, or at the very least, to draw the attention of companies and investors to climate change as an urgent problem.  They have had some limited success. Investors at Exxon Mobil Corp the world’s largest publicly traded oil producer, passed a measure this year that could lead to an environmental activist joining its board. “Our position is that the risk of climate change is clear and warrants action,” said Exxon spokesman Alan Jeffers. The rising number of shareholder votes reflects a growing concern among big investors about the environment, encouraged by steps by some boards to embrace reforms.  Deadlines are fast approaching to get resolutions on the ballot for shareholder meetings to be held in the spring. The election victory of Trump, who is set to take over as U.S. president on Jan. 20, only seems to have added impetus.  On the campaign trail, Trump dismissed human-caused climate change as a “hoax” and pledged to dismantle the Environmental Protection Agency. He also threatened to withdraw the United States from the landmark 2015 Paris Agreement to combat climate change, although he appeared to step back from that position on Tuesday. He vowed instead to revive the U.S. coal industry, encourage oil drilling and to scale back regulation of the energy sector.  “Despite what the administration may or may not do, I really believe that corporations understand the risks posed by climate change,” said Danielle Fugere, president of As You Sow, a  California nonprofit campaign group. It sponsored 18 climate-related shareholder resolutions in 2016 and expects to file a bigger number next year. One resolution for 2017 calls on Anadarko Petroleum Corp to report on how it would address the risk of so-called stranded assets, such as high-cost deepwater project investments, that might be caused by a drop in demand for oil and gas. The idea won support from 42 percent of shares voted at the company’s 2016 meeting, up from 29 percent in 2015. Anadarko’s board last year called the idea “unnecessary and unproductive.” Spokesman John Christiansen said it is reviewing the proposal. To be sure, among S&P 500 companies, investor support for climate resolutions has been relatively weak, holding steady around 22 percent since 2014, according to research firm Fund Votes.  But activists often won more backing for ideas such as urging companies to report on their strategy for dealing with climate change, according to the Sustainable Investments Institute, a research firm specializing in shareholder votes, supported by universities, pension funds and other institutional investors.  Anne Simpson, director of sustainability for the California Public Employees’ Retirement System (Calpers), which manages about $300 billion, said it plans to file or back resolutions at U.S. oil and gas companies for 2017, though she declined to discuss specifics.  Last year the boards of mining companies including Rio Tinto Plc and Glencore Plc endorsed resolutions Calpers submitted calling for reports on climate risk, and the measures passed by wide margins.  More companies will likely embrace shareholder proposals to head off disruption caused by climate change, Simpson said. “Economics is driving this, not politics,” she said. ",1
7066,Trump will pursue 'regional hegemony' in South China Sea: Chinese academics,"BEIJING (Reuters) - A Donald Trump presidency does not mean the United States will withdraw from the South China Sea, but rather will continue pursuing “regional hegemony”, Chinese academics who drafted a report for an influential government think tank said on Friday. Ensuring “absolute control” over the South China Sea was the crux of U.S. military strategy in the Asia-Pacific, according to what the authors said was China’s first ever public report on the U.S. military presence in the region, released on Friday in Beijing. “There will be no overturning change to U.S. policy in the South China Sea,” said Wu Shicun, head of the National Institute for South China Sea Studies, an influential Hainan-based think tank that wrote the report. Trump rarely mentioned the South China Sea on the campaign trail, but concentrated on the economic relationship with Beijing, threatening to label China a currency manipulator and impose import tariffs on Chinese imports. U.S. commitments to its allies would not change, nor would its stance on protecting freedom of navigation in the South China Sea, said Wu. As such, tensions between China and the United States in the South China Sea would likely grow in lock-step with China’s military growth, he added. China claims most of the energy-rich waters through which about $5 trillion in ship-borne trade passes every year. Neighbors Brunei, Malaysia, the Philippines, Taiwan and Vietnam also have claims. Recent U.S. efforts to counter what it sees as China limiting freedom of navigation in the South China Sea have drawn Beijing’s ire and stoked fears of military conflict. A patrol by U.S. warships in October was dubbed “illegal” and “provocative” by the Chinese Defence Ministry. “From the U.S. perspective, China’s large-scale construction activities in the South China Sea confirmed U.S. suspicion that China intended to implement an anti-access/area-denial strategy,” the report said. There would be “more continuity than change” in Trump’s military policy in the Asia-Pacific, said Zhu Feng, director of the South China Sea Center at Nanjing University, at the report launch. Trump may not use the term “rebalancing” to the region, but he would likely retain most of policies, he added. Both academics agreed that there was a high possibility of increased U.S. military spending in the Asia-Pacific under Trump. A Trump administration would “not be an exception” to other Republican-led governments that increase military spending when they take office, said Zhu Feng. The build-up of military might in the region has led to worries of a rising risk of accidental collisions that could spark conflict. Zhu said that the decision to release a public report now was not China “preparing for war” but rather to avoid an “arms race” between China and the United States. ",1
7067,Trump keeps politics on his Thanksgiving menu,"WEST PALM BEACH, Fla./WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump spent the Thanksgiving holiday at his Mar-a-Lago resort on Thursday, dining with his family at the Florida golf club after revisiting a campaign pledge he made about restoring American manufacturing. Trump, known for his use of Twitter to drive political debate, tweeted about an Indiana air conditioner maker he featured in his election campaign as an emblem of trade deals he said were unfavorable to American workers. Trump, who has not been seen in public since arriving in Florida on Tuesday, said he was “working hard, even on Thanksgiving, trying to get Carrier A.C. Company to stay in the U.S. (Indiana). MAKING PROGRESS - Will know soon!” Carrier Corp, a division of United Technologies Corp (UTX.N), responded on Twitter that the company has had “discussions with the incoming administration” but had “nothing to announce at this time.” A representative for the company had no additional comment. Earlier this year, the company said it would move 1,400 jobs to Mexico from Indiana, giving a three-year timetable for the shift. The state’s Republican governor, Mike Pence - later picked by Trump as his vice-presidential running mate - decried the decision, and spoke out against it often on the campaign trail. Trump made Carrier’s decision part of his rallying cry against the North American Free Trade Agreement with Canada and Mexico. He said he would slap taxes on the company’s air conditioners shipped back to the United States. Asked by Reuters last week whether the company was reconsidering its decision given Trump’s victory in the Nov. 8 election over Democrat Hillary Clinton, the company said in a statement it was “making every effort” to help its Indiana employees during the shift. “By providing three years advance notice of the move and by funding education and retraining programs for up to four years after the move is complete, we are providing employees with both time and opportunity to help them to make a smooth transition,” the company said. Carrier also cited an agreement it had reached with the United Steelworkers union about compensation for affected workers. Trump’s Thanksgiving comments on Carrier were reminiscent of remarks he tweeted last week about Ford Motor Co (F.N), a company he criticized during the campaign for shifting some production lines to Mexico. When Ford informed Trump it would not shift production of a Lincoln sport utility vehicle to Mexico from Kentucky, he took to Twitter to say he saved the plant, although the company had never considered moving the whole factory south of the border. “I worked hard with Bill Ford to keep the Lincoln plant in Kentucky,” Trump tweeted, referring to Ford’s executive chairman. Trump, who takes office on Jan. 20, has been interviewing candidates for his Cabinet and other top White House positions. He and Pence have held more than 60 such meetings since the election. He did not announce any new decisions on Thursday. A spokeswoman said he was spending the evening with family members. “They recognize how precious this kind of time is, and look forward to an evening together to celebrate and count their many blessings,” the spokeswoman, Stephanie Grisham, said. They dined in the Mar-a-Lago club, where the menu included a choice of four chilled seafoods, “Mr. Trump’s Wedge Salad,” devilled eggs, traditional turkey and stuffing, lamb, beef and sea bass. Among the eight desserts: “Three Layer Trump Chocolate Cake.” Trump announced two picks on Wednesday for his Cabinet - South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley as U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, and wealthy Republican donor and school choice advocate Betsy DeVos to lead the Education Department. Both are subject to Senate confirmation. Major choices for the Pentagon, State Department and Treasury are still to come. Trump’s State Department deliberations have spurred debate within his inner circle - particularly his consideration of Mitt Romney, the former Massachusetts governor and businessman who ran against Democratic President Barack Obama in the 2012 election. Romney would be a comforting pick for establishment Republicans. But hardline Trump backers believe he should be disqualified because he called Trump a “fraud” during the Republican nominating race and urged Republicans to stop him from becoming their candidate for the 2016 election. Kellyanne Conway, Trump’s senior adviser, said on Thursday she was on the receiving end of a “deluge of social media & private comms” about the Romney option, noting being “loyal” was a positive attribute for the job. Trump and Pence were “spending significant time” on the secretary of state pick, spokesman Jason Miller told reporters before the Thanksgiving break. “They’ll be looking for things like chemistry, experience, a similar vision into what the president-elect and vice president elect are trying to do with this administration,” Miller said. ",1
7068,U.N. envoy sees continued U.S. work to end Syria war,"BERLIN (Reuters) - The U.N. Special Envoy for Syria on Thursday said U.S. President Barack Obama could well keep working until his last day in office to end the war in Syria, and Russia did not want to be held responsible for the demolition of eastern Aleppo. “I would never underestimate an outgoing U.S. president as a lame duck,” Staffan de Mistura said in an interview published on Friday in Germany’s Sueddeutsche Zeitung newspaper. “President Obama .... and Secretary of State John Kerry are very motivated to end the greatest humanitarian tragedy of this century that has played out during their time in office. It’s about their legacy,” de Mistura said. De Mistura on Tuesday had expressed concern that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad could launch a “brutal” new offensive to crush rebel-held eastern Aleppo before U.S. President-elect Donald Trump takes office on Jan. 20. He said his recent meetings in Damascus showed the Syrian regime had been emboldened by Trump’s comments during the campaign about ending support for the Syrian opposition. But he said he reminded Syrian leaders that any U.S. president would face massive public pressure if the situation ended as a human tragedy with 200,000 people starving. De Mistura said he feared eastern Aleppo could be decimated by Christmas if the bombardment continued, which would spur tens of thousands of refugees to flee to Turkey, and could lead to a prolonged guerilla war in rural areas and car bombs in cities. The head of the Syria “White Helmets” volunteer group on Thursday said besieged residents of Aleppo were about ten days from starvation. The U.N. envoy said he believed Russia’s claim that it was not bombing any targets in eastern Aleppo, but added that Moscow was also not stopping Syrian forces from attacking hospitals or other targets in the city. Still, he said he believed Russia was serious about “not wanting to take responsibility for the destruction of eastern Aleppo.” He said it was simply not in the interest of Russia or the Syrian government to be left with a completely destroyed country, five or six years of a “mini-Afghanistan,” and a type of guerrilla war in the rural areas.  ",1
7069,"In India's Punjab, Haley relatives cheer appointment as UN envoy","NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Nikki Haley may have been born in the United States but her extended family back in India is thrilled that the South Carolina governor has been named by U.S. President-elect Donald Trump as ambassador to the United Nations. Haley’s parents hail from rural Punjab, in northwestern India. They moved to Amritsar - home to the Golden Temple that is the most holy place of the Sikh religion - before emigrating to North America in the early 1960s. Haley, 44, was born Nimrata Randhawa in Bamberg, South Carolina - she was called “Nikki” as a child and took the family name of husband Michael when they married in Sikh and Methodist ceremonies in 1996. Kanwaljit Singh Randhawa, a 70-year-old cousin, told Reuters family and friends were delighted by Haley’s appointment and said it could help improve relations between the United States and India. “It is a great achievement for Punjab and India. We are proud of the fact that (Nikki) has achieved this success,” Randhawa told Reuters by telephone. Randhawa, a retired lecturer, said he was in regular touch with Nikki’s father, Ajit Singh Randhawa, who grew up in the village of Pandori Ran Singh, south of Amritsar. India’s foreign ministry said it was happy to hear news of Haley’s appointment, describing her as a supporter of closer U.S.-India ties who had met Prime Minister Narendra Modi when he visited Washington in June. “We know Governor Haley very well,” said spokesman Vikas Swarup. India’s foreign secretary visited the United States earlier this month and interacted with “very senior levels” of the Trump transition team, he also said. Haley came only once to India as a four-year-old child, doesn’t speak Punjabi and has converted to Christianity. But she has visited India more recently in an official capacity, going to Amritsar in November 2014 on what she called “an emotional and very personal day”. “I always yearned to see Punjab - my motherland - and now I am so proud to be here after almost 40 years,” she told TV reporters at the time, her voice choking with emotion as she steadied herself with nips from a water bottle. Her biography is similar to that of Richard Verma, the first U.S. ambassador to New Delhi of Indian origin. He was born in the United States into a Punjabi family but visited often as a child. Verma was mobbed by relatives and locals when he visited his ancestral home in early 2015. Haley has little foreign policy experience, while Trump has expressed favorable views toward India, where he has real estate interests. The tycoon-turned-TV reality star told one cultural event put on by diaspora Republicans during the presidential campaign that he loved the country and its people. Trump’s stated intention of banning immigration by Muslims from countries that are a source of Islamist militancy has played well with many in India, a majority Hindu nation that has long been at odds with Muslim-majority Pakistan. Much of the diplomacy over the rivalry between India and Pakistan, both nuclear-armed powers, plays out in the corridors of UN headquarters in New York and Haley’s appointment is likely to be seen positively in New Delhi in that light. India, the world’s largest democracy, is also lobbying to be made a permanent member of an expanded UN Security Council, although it’s doubtful this would be a priority for Trump. Back in Punjab, relatives and old family friends are planning a major celebration to mark the elevation of Haley to the top diplomatic post.  “We are going to the Golden Temple in Amritsar to pray for her success,” said Randhawa. “And we will speak to our friends and villagers to have a function in the next few days.” ",1
7070,Green Party raises $3.5 million for presidential vote recounts,"MILWAUKEE (Reuters) - Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein said on Thursday she has raised $3.5 million to force recounts of the Nov. 8 election results in Wisconsin, Michigan and Pennsylvania, three states where Donald Trump scored narrow wins.  The campaign said it exceeded its initial goal for raising $2.5 million and has enough money to pay Wisconsin’s $1.1 million filing fee due on Friday. At the same time, the party said it raised its target to $4.5 million, with filing deadlines approaching in Pennsylvania on Monday and Michigan on Wednesday. Stein is pushing for recounts because experts pointed to statistical anomalies in the tallies in all three battleground states, according to the party’s website.  Trump, a Republican who ran as an anti-establishment maverick, carried all three states by narrow margins despite public opinion polls pointing to victories by Hillary Clinton, the Democratic standard-bearer. “We deserve elections we can trust,” the campaign said, adding that the effort was not intended to help Clinton. A representative of the president-elect’s transition team could not be reached for comment. But Kellyanne Conway, a senior Trump adviser, suggested that efforts to force recounts were ironic, given harsh criticism of Trump before the election when he would not say whether he would accept the result of what he called a “rigged” political system. “Look who can’t accept the election results,” Conway said in a Twitter message, pointing to a headline in the New York Times that read “Hillary Clinton Supporters Call for Vote Recount in Battleground States.” Although Clinton won more votes than Trump on a nationwide basis, the real estate developer exceeded the number of votes in the Electoral College needed to take the presidency. Electoral votes are apportioned state by state, mostly on a winner-take-all basis.  Stein took a little more than 1 percent of the popular vote, while Libertarian Party candidate Gary Johnson came in third place behind Trump and Clinton.  Stein’s website said that the total cost of recounts in the three states was $6 million to $7 million, but it did not explain why the campaign’s new target was only $4.5 million. ",1
7071,Germany's Seehofer invites Trump to Bavaria: source,"MUNICH (Reuters) - Bavarian state premier Horst Seehofer has invited U.S. President-elect Donald Trump to visit the southern German state, possibly as soon as February for the Munich Security Conference, a source familiar with the invitation said. Seehofer, who heads the Christian Social Union (CSU), sister party to Chancellor Angela Merkel’s conservative Christian Democrats (CDU), extended the invitation in a letter of congratulations to Trump after his victory, said the source. The Feb. 17-19 conference, a forum for debate about international security, often draws senior officials from around the world. Trump will be inaugurated on Jan. 20. It was not immediately clear when a sitting U.S. president last participated in the event, and the security conference organizers could not immediately be reached for comment. Seehofer’s CSU and Merkel’s CDU, which form a bloc in the German parliament, have been at odds over Merkel’s migrant policy, which saw nearly 900,000 people enter Germany last year, an issue likely to play a major role in elections in September. During the U.S. election campaign Trump called Merkel’s refugee policy a “disaster” that had boosted crime rates. Statistics compiled by the German Interior Ministry showed the number of crimes reported in 2015 - excluding visa and other immigration violations - remained essentially unchanged from the previous year at 5.9 million. Seehofer told the Augsburger Allgemeine newspaper in an interview published on Thursday that his party would only participate in a coalition government in 2017 that agreed to its demand for an upper limit on migration. Merkel, who on Sunday announced her decision to run for a fourth term, has rejected setting an upper limit for migration. ",1
7072,Wilbur Ross seen as Trump pick for Commerce Department: WSJ,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump is expected to select Wilbur Ross Jr as secretary of the Commerce Department, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday, citing two people familiar with the deliberations. Ross, 78, is the billionaire chairman of private equity firm W.L. Ross & Co, which is known for buying up failed companies. ",1
7073,"Business booms at Trump Tower, nearby retailers hit by security and crowds","NEW YORK (Reuters) - Bailey White, 13, stood patiently in line with her little brother Keaton at the gift store inside the Trump Tower on Fifth Avenue on Wednesday afternoon, each clutching a stuffed terrier named Charlie that cost $35 per item. The beagle, with a Trump monogram on its white bandana, was modeled on the pet dog of Eric Trump, the son of President-elect Donald Trump. It was one of the few items left on the shelves of the store, which had sold out of that morning’s fresh batch of red “MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN” t-shirts by noon. Bailey and Keaton, 10, however, were happy with their score. The children, who had traveled to New York from Florida originally for the Thanksgiving Day Parade, told Reuters they were huge fans of Donald Trump, listing at the top of their reasons his commitment to reduce illegal immigration. Or, as the younger brother puts it, “To stop bad guys from getting in our country.” As businesses around the president-elect’s glitzy New York home have had to deal with extra security and crowds reducing foot traffic sales in the lead up to Fifth Avenue’s busiest shopping weekend, Trump souvenirs have been flying off the shelves at the billionaire’s gift store. Trump supporters like the White siblings and their mom Laura have proven to be a boon for at least one of the his businesses in the immediate aftermath of the U.S. presidential election. In just one hour, a Reuters reporter counted at least 100 people crowding the shop located on the lower level of the Tower to buy hats, pins and more. Many were disappointed to find the $30 dollar red “MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN” hat and all campaign t-shirts out of stock.  Just one door over, a single salesman sat in dim lighting in the middle of the day at a New York City souvenir store, also in Trump Tower, greeting visitors with, “Looking for Trump merchandise?” before redirecting them.  When asked if the number of visitors inside the Trump Tower had increased since the presidential results, a security guard in the building replied: “One hundred percent.”   Outside, where some of the world’s most well-known retailers spend more on rent than in just about any other city, shoppers had to fight through security, crowds and media packs to enter the Gucci store or tony jeweler Tiffany’s. Rosalia Betancourt, 69, first trekked to Trump Tower two days after Trump was elected in search for the eponymous red hat. They were sold out. When Betancourt, who moved to New York from Venezuela more than four decades ago, braved holiday crowds a week later on Wednesday, she had to leave empty-handed once again.  “It’s all right” she said. “I guess I’ll go online. It just has to be red.” Sari Nielsen, 71, was waiting at the Trump Cafe next door to the shop for the crowds to die down.  “I want to buy my nephew Pete a Trump golf hat for Thanksgiving,” said Nielsen, who moved to New York in 1975 from Argentina. Shoppers also had the option of buying Trump cufflinks, blankets, bags, perfume, candy, books authored by members of the family and more. The line shortened somewhat during lunchtime when visitors turned their attention to the Trump Grill, which does not offer reservations but a $25 dollar fixed-price meal. Trisha Williams, 50, of San Jose, California also made the trip to New York for the parade with her son Cayden, 8, who stayed up and watched the election. The two stood outside the Trump Tower with their gold Trump store bags. “We wanted to experience it all and buy some merchandise,” Trisha said. But many of the items she wanted to buy were not available.  “They didn’t really have very much,” Trisha said noting that a saleswoman at the store gave her a card outlining how she can make purchases online and that she’s already followed her advice. “I wanted a jacket with a Trump logo and a t-shirt, but they didn’t really have anything left.” ",1
7074,Haley lends Trump team diversity but little diplomatic heft,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - By picking fellow Republican South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley to serve as U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, U.S. President-elect Donald Trump’s pick rounded out his early Cabinet choices with his first woman and ethnic minority. But he also opted for a state politician with little experience in the federal government or international diplomacy who has been a sharp critic, backing two of his rivals and criticizing the harsh rhetoric of the presidential campaign. In tapping the popular governor of a state that supported him, Trump’s choice could signal an attempt to reach out to minorities in the wake of his Nov. 8 victory following a bitterly divisive campaign. His victory has sparked protests and concerns by those worried that his denunciation of immigrants, Muslims and Hispanics during the campaign could translate into policies eroding civil rights. Trump said on Wednesday that Haley could bring people together and was “a proven dealmaker” who “will be a great leader representing us on the world stage.” Haley, 44, represents what some Republicans have said could be the new face of the Republican Party: a younger, more diverse generation of leaders who could help bolster conservatives as U.S. demographics shift.  The daughter of Indian immigrants, she drew national attention in 2015 when she led a push to remove the Confederate battle flag from the state capitol grounds in Columbia after a white gunman killed nine people at a historic predominantly African-American church in Charleston. But Haley, now serving her second four-year term as governor, has little experience in foreign policy and the diplomatic issues likely to come before the United Nations.  In a statement on Wednesday, she praised the state’s residents for taking “a chance on a little-known, 38-year old, minority, female governor” when she took office six years ago.    Like Trump, Haley came to politics as an outsider. After years working in her family’s gift shop in Bamberg, a small town an hour south of the state capital, she ran for state representative in 2004 and defeated a nearly 30-year incumbent, touting her fiscal conservatism while brushing off racial slurs. She won her gubernatorial bid in 2010 on a platform of reform, receiving the endorsement of former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin, a former Republican vice presidential nominee and darling of the party’s Tea Party wing.    Still, Haley has not hesitated to call out fellow Republicans, including Trump. In January, she offered the party’s rebuttal to President Barack Obama’s State of the Union address, seizing the spotlight in what was seen as a strong rebuke of Trump.  Haley called for tolerance and civility in her remarks. Although she never mentioned Trump by name, she urged Americans not to  “follow the siren call of the angriest voices,” adding: “No one who is willing to work hard, abide by our laws, and love our traditions should ever feel unwelcome in this country.” But she told the Federalist Society recently that although she was not an early or vocal supporter of Trump, she did vote for him and was “thrilled” that he won. Born to Sikh parents who emigrated to South Carolina from India, she is no stranger to U.S. racial and ethnic tensions.  While Trump won with the lowest minority vote in decades,, Haley has scolded Republicans for not working harder to broaden their appeal beyond white Americans. “Our approach often appears cold and unwelcoming to minorities. That’s shameful and that has to change,” she said in a 2015 National Press Club speech. “It’s on us to communicate our positions in ways that wipe away the clutter of prejudices.” Although she worked to heal the racial tensions that exploded after the gun attack at the Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church in 2015, she has also been critical of the Black Lives Matter movement that gained ground after a series of high-profile shootings of unarmed African-Americans by police. “Some people think you have to yell and scream in order to make a difference. Well, that’s just not true,” she told the National Press Club. “When the sound is quieter, you can actually hear what someone else is saying and that can make a world of difference.”     On Wednesday, Haley said, “When the President believes you have a major contribution to make to the welfare of our nation, and to our nation’s standing in the world, that is a calling that is important to heed.” Her international experience is largely centered on her efforts to draw foreign businesses to South Carolina, including at least eight overseas trips, local media reported. One - a June 2011 trip billed as an economic development mission to Europe and the Paris Air Show - cost the state $158,000 and drew criticism back home over its luxury accommodations and a hotel party. She said afterwards she did not know how much was spent and had learned a lesson, even as she pledged to keep up the sales pitches, the Charleston Post and Courier reported at the time. “There is a method to the madness,” she said, according to the newspaper. “I am selling the state the only way I know how.” The Post and Courier said her trips included trade show visits and economic development meetings, including stops related to BMW (BMWG.DE) and Volvo (VOLVb.ST), two automakers with facilities in South Carolina. She has visited Germany, Sweden, Britain, Japan, Canada and India, it reported. As governor, she has also been embroiled in the thorny issue of nuclear waste amid federal facilities in the state aimed at  storing and converting such materials. Earlier this year, she fought to have some nuclear material from Japan headed for South Carolina moved to New Mexico. “Critics will ask if Nikki Haley has been engaged in int’l affairs. I’ve had convos w/her on & off over the years. She has a strong worldview,” Dan Senor, a former adviser to 2012 Republican Presidential nominee Mitt Romney, said on Twitter.  ",1
7075,"Trump names Haley, a foreign policy novice, as envoy to U.N.","WEST PALM BEACH, Fla./WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Donald Trump on Wednesday named South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley, a former critic with little foreign policy experience, as the next U.S. ambassador to the United Nations at a time of uncertainty over America’s international role under his presidency. Haley, one of two women chosen so far for a job in Trump’s Cabinet, is “a proven dealmaker, and we look to be making plenty of deals. She will be a great leader representing us on the world stage,” the Republican president-elect said in a statement. Trump on Wednesday also picked wealthy Republican donor and school choice advocate Betsy DeVos to lead the Education Department. Haley, the 44-year-old daughter of Indian immigrants, represents what some Republicans hope could be the new face of their party: a younger, more diverse generation of leaders.      Haley took Trump strongly to task during the presidential campaign over his harsh rhetoric about illegal immigration and for not speaking forcefully enough against white supremacists. Trump has chosen mostly male conservatives so far for senior positions as he shapes his administration following his victory over Democrat Hillary Clinton in the Nov. 8 election. Trump takes over from Democratic President Barack Obama on Jan. 20.  Also on Wednesday, a spokesman for former Republican presidential candidate Ben Carson said Trump had not offered the retired neurosurgeon the post of housing and urban development secretary, disputing a Wall Street Journal report, which the newspaper later corrected. “Trump did not make an offer,” Carson spokesman Armstrong Williams told Reuters. “He asked him to consider HUD. Nothing has been offered and no decision has been made.” Carson told Fox News on Wednesday night: “We are considering which is the way that I can be most effective. So that information should come out in the next few days. We will make a public announcement.”   The Wall Street Journal, citing two people familiar with the deliberations, also reported that Trump was expected to pick billionaire investor Wilbur Ross as commerce secretary. In a video message released ahead of the U.S. Thanksgiving holiday on Thursday, Trump said he hoped it would be a time for Americans “to begin to heal our divisions” following a “long and bruising political campaign.” “Emotions are raw and tensions just don’t heal overnight,” Trump said. “Now begins a great national campaign to rebuild our country and to restore the full promise of America for all of our people.” The choice of Haley may be aimed at countering criticism of Trump’s divisive comments about immigrants and minorities, as well as accusations of sexism during his election campaign. Haley led a successful effort last year to remove the Confederate battle flag from the grounds of the South Carolina state capitol after the killing of nine black churchgoers in Charleston. The flag was carried by pro-slavery Confederate forces during the Civil War and is viewed by many as a racist emblem.  Haley said she had accepted Trump’s offer and would remain governor pending her confirmation to the Cabinet-level post by the U.S. Senate. “When the president believes you have a major contribution to make to the welfare of our nation, and to our nation’s standing in the world, that is a calling that is important to heed,” she said in a statement. Haley’s job may include reassuring allies worried about some of Trump’s campaign promises, including building a wall along the U.S.-Mexican border to curb illegal immigration and reviewing trade agreements, and his suggestion that he would push NATO partners to pay more for their own defense. He has antagonized China, another major power at the United Nations, with his talk on trade and territorial disputes in the South China Sea.      The New York real estate magnate, who has never held public office, gave few clues about his world view during an extensive interview with The New York Times on Tuesday.     Asked what he sees as America’s role in the world, Trump replied: “That’s such a big question.” When pressed further, he described the Iraq war as a mistake, urged better relations with Russia and called for an end to “that craziness that’s going on in Syria.” The United States, which along with Russia is one of the five permanent veto powers on the 15-member U.N. Security Council, is also the largest funder of the United Nations, paying more than a quarter of its $8 billion peace-keeping budget and 22 percent of the regular budget.   Trump picked conservatives to lead his national security and law enforcement teams last week, suggesting he plans to make good on his campaign promises to take a hard line on Islamist militancy and curbing illegal immigration But a relative moderate, former Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney, is among the candidates under consideration to head the State Department. Haley would succeed Obama’s U.N. envoy, Samantha Power, a foreign policy expert before she took the job. In contrast, Haley, a state lawmaker before becoming governor, has little experience in international relations. She was a robust critic of Trump during the early stages of the Republican presidential nominating race, including condemning him for not disavowing the support of the Ku Klux Klan and one of the white supremacist group’s former leaders, David Duke. In a rebuttal to Obama’s State of the Union address in January, Haley called for tolerance on immigration and civility in politics, in what some saw as a rebuke of Trump.  “During anxious times, it can be tempting to follow the siren call of the angriest voices,” she said. “We must resist that temptation.” She supported Trump rivals Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz, both U.S. senators, in the Republican race before saying last month she would vote for Trump despite reservations about his character. Haley also criticized Trump last winter for not releasing his tax returns, prompting him to hit back on Twitter: “The people of South Carolina are embarrassed of Nikki Haley!” DeVos, Trump’s education pick, is a billionaire former chair of the Michigan Republican Party, who has long pushed for a larger role for private education. Trump said she would “break the bureaucracy that is holding our children back.” Her appointment is also subject to Senate confirmation.     As chair of the American Federation for Children advocacy group, DeVos has advocated for vouchers that families can use to send their children to private schools and for the expansion of charter schools. The National Education Association, the country’s largest teachers union, condemned DeVos’ nomination. “She has consistently pushed a corporate agenda to privatize, de-professionalize and impose cookie-cutter solutions to public education,” said NEA President Lily Eskelsen Garcia. ",1
7076,Trump taps Michigan Republican DeVos for education secretary: reports,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump has tapped wealthy Republican donor and school choice advocate Betsy DeVos to lead the U.S. Education Department, a post she has accepted, according to media reports on Wednesday.  DeVos, former chair of the Michigan Republican Party, met with Trump and Vice President-elect Mike Pence on Saturday and discussed “the Common Core mission, and setting higher national standards and promoting the growth of school choice across the nation,” according to a Trump transition team statement. ",1
7077,Polling calls to U.S. Muslims raise surveillance fears,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Muslims across the United States feared they were being targeted for surveillance this week when they received automated polling calls asking them to press one if they identified as Muslim or two if they did not. Many worried President-elect Donald Trump was making good on his campaign promise to register all Muslims in the country or private citizens were laying the groundwork for a registry. The calls were in fact sent out as part of a survey by Emerge USA, a non-profit organization seeking to empower Muslim-Americans. The group created an algorithm to call Muslims for a poll on their views and experiences after the Nov. 8 national election, Sarah Cochran, director of its Virginia chapter, said on Wednesday. Cochran said she had to reassure some call recipients that Emerge USA was conducting the poll, and an anti-Islam group was not using the organization’s name as a disguise.  “All of our work is affected, where we can’t get people to participate because they’re afraid,” said Cochran. Since Trump’s stunning election win, Muslims living in the United States have been on edge. One of his supporters has cited camps where Japanese-Americans were interned during World War Two as a precedent for a registry. Trump’s choice for national security adviser, Michael Flynn, in a recent video described Islamism as a “vicious cancer inside the body of 1.7 billion people on this planet and it has to be excised.” On Tuesday, the Council of American-Islamic Relations posted on Twitter and Facebook asking about reports American Muslims were receiving robocalls on how they “identify.” Meanwhile, others posted to their own social media accounts with questions about the calls. One call recipient posted on Facebook “Not sure if this is a scam or this is real but I have surely reported and urge you to report as well if you get the same phone call. Welcome to the new world!” (Fixes typo in seventh paragraph.) ",1
7078,"Trump defeated Clinton by 10,704 votes in Michigan: unofficial tally","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican President-elect Donald Trump defeated Democratic rival Hillary Clinton by 10,704 votes in the state of Michigan, according to certified unofficial county-by-county results released on Wednesday by the Michigan secretary of state. Trump received 2,279,543 votes compared with Clinton’s 2,268,839, according to figures posted on the secretary of state’s website. Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson received 172,136 votes and Green candidate Jill Stein won 51,463. Nine other candidates shared a total of nearly 30,000 additional votes in the presidential campaign in Michigan, the figures showed. The results will remain unofficial until they are reviewed and approved by the Board of State Canvassers on Nov. 28. Some media organizations did not call a winner of the presidential race in Michigan on election night because of the closeness of the race. Michigan is the last state where the winner was not yet clear. The final unofficial tally gave Trump a slightly narrower victory than previous counts. A count as of Nov. 15 reported by CNN, for example, showed Trump winning 2,279,805 votes and Clinton winning 2,268,193, a margin of 11,612 votes. If Trump is declared the winner in Michigan, he will have accumulated 306 electoral votes to Clinton’s 232. Clinton is leading in the popular vote by more than 2 million, according to the Cook Political Report. ",1
7079,Trump has not offered Carson U.S. housing post: spokesman,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump has not extended an offer to retired neurosurgeon and former presidential rival Ben Carson to head the Department of Housing and Urban Development, a Carson spokesman said on Wednesday, disputing a report by the Wall Street Journal. “Trump did not make an offer,” Carson spokesman Armstrong Williams told Reuters. “He asked him to consider HUD. Nothing has been offered and no decision has been made.” The Wall Street Journal earlier had cited Williams as saying Carson had been offered the post and had accepted. The Journal later corrected its story to say Carson was being considered for the HUD job. “@realDonaldTrump is considering @RealBenCarson for a cabinet post. Dr. Carson is prayerfully & seriously considering,” Armstrong said on Twitter. On Tuesday, Armstrong had told Reuters that Trump had asked Carson to consider taking the post and that Carson was considering it. As recently as last week, Carson, 65, had told The Washington Post he was not interested in a Cabinet job, saying, “Having me as a federal bureaucrat would be like a fish out of water.” But he and Trump met on Tuesday at Trump Tower in New York, and earlier on Wednesday Carson posted on Facebook that after the talks he felt “that I can make a significant contribution particularly to making our inner cities great for everyone.” ",1
7080,"Factbox: Trump picks women for U.N. ambassador, education secretary","(Reuters) - Republican U.S. President-elect Donald Trump on Wednesday named the first women to his team of top officials: South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley for U.N. ambassador, and school choice advocate Betsy DeVos for education secretary. The following are details about his selections so far. All but the national security adviser post require U.S. Senate confirmation: U.S. AMBASSADOR TO THE UNITED NATIONS: GOVERNOR NIKKI HALEY Haley, a 44-year-old Republican and the daughter of Indian immigrants, has been governor of South Carolina since 2011 and has little experience in foreign policy or the federal government. She led a successful push last year to remove the Confederate battle flag from the grounds of the South Carolina state capitol after the killing of nine black churchgoers in Charleston by a white gunman. DeVos, 58, is a billionaire Republican donor, a former chair of the Michigan Republican Party and an advocate for the privatization of education. As chair of the American Federation for Children, she has pushed at the state level for vouchers that families can use to send their children to private schools and for the expansion of charter schools. Sessions, 69, was the first U.S. senator to endorse Trump’s presidential bid and has been a close ally since. The son of a country-store owner, the senator from Alabama and former federal prosecutor has long taken a tough stance on illegal immigration, opposing any path to citizenship for undocumented immigrants.  NATIONAL SECURITY ADVISER: RETIRED LIEUTENANT GENERAL MICHAEL FLYNN Flynn, 57, was an early supporter of Trump and serves as vice chairman on his transition team. He began his U.S. Army career in 1981 and served deployments in Afghanistan and Iraq. Flynn became head of the Defense Intelligence Agency in 2012 under President Barack Obama, but retired a year earlier than expected, according to media reports, and became a fierce critic of Obama’s foreign policy. Pompeo, 52, is a third-term congressman from Kansas who serves on the House of Representatives Intelligence Committee, which oversees the CIA, National Security Agency and cyber security. A retired Army officer, West Point and Harvard Law School graduate, Pompeo supports the U.S. government’s sweeping collection of Americans’ communications data and wants to scrap the nuclear deal with Iran. ",1
7081,"Contenders, picks for key jobs in Trump's administration","(Reuters) - Donald Trump on Wednesday picked South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley as his U.S. ambassador to the United Nations and wealthy Republican donor Betsy DeVos as education secretary. It was the latest move from the Republican president-elect as he works to fill administration positions before his Jan. 20 inauguration. His transition team said he might have another Cabinet-level announcement later in the day. Below are people mentioned as contenders for senior roles. See end of list for posts already filled. * Steven Mnuchin, former Goldman Sachs Group Inc executive and Trump’s campaign finance chairman * Jeb Hensarling, Republican U.S. representative from Texas and chairman of the House Financial Services Committee * Tom Barrack, founder and chairman of Colony Capital Inc * John Allison, former CEO of BB&T Corp * Mitt Romney, 2012 Republican presidential nominee and former Massachusetts governor  * Rudy Giuliani, former Republican mayor of New York City * John Bolton, former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations under Republican President George W. Bush * Bob Corker, Republican U.S. senator from Tennessee and chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee * Zalmay Khalilzad, former U.S. ambassador to Iraq * James Mattis, retired Marine general * David Petraeus, former CIA director and retired Army general * Tom Cotton, Republican U.S. senator from Arkansas       * Jon Kyl, former Republican U.S. senator from Arizona * Duncan Hunter, Republican U.S. representative from California and early Trump supporter, member of the House Armed Services Committee * Jim Talent, former Republican U.S. senator from Missouri who was on the Senate Armed Services Committee  * Rick Perry, former Republican Texas governor * Stephen Hadley, former national security adviser under President George W. Bush * Tom Price, Republican U.S. representative from Georgia,  orthopedic surgeon * Rich Bagger, former pharmaceutical executive and former top aide to Republican New Jersey Governor Chris Christie * Bobby Jindal, former Republican Louisiana governor * Michael McCaul, Republican U.S. representative from Texas and chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee * David Clarke, Milwaukee county sheriff and vocal Trump supporter  * Joe Arpaio, outgoing Maricopa County, Arizona, sheriff who campaigned for Trump * Kris Kobach, Kansas secretary of state * Frances Townsend, homeland security and counterterrorism adviser to former Republican President George W. Bush * Jeff Holmstead, energy lawyer, former EPA official during George W. Bush administration * Robert Grady, venture capitalist, partner in private equity firm Gryphon Investors  * Leslie Rutledge, Republican Arkansas attorney general * Carol Comer, commissioner of the Indiana Department of Environmental Management * Harold Hamm, Oklahoma oil and gas mogul, chief executive of Continental Resources Inc * Kevin Cramer, Republican U.S. Representative from North Dakota * Robert Grady, venture capitalist, partner in private equity firm Gryphon Investors  * Larry Nichols, co-founder of Devon Energy Corp * James Connaughton, chief executive of Nautilus Data Technologies and a former environmental adviser to President George W. Bush * Rick Perry, former Republican Texas governor * Sarah Palin, former Alaska governor, 2008 Republican vice presidential nominee * Jan Brewer, former Republican Arizona governor * Forrest Lucas, founder of oil products company Lucas Oil * Harold Hamm, Oklahoma oil and gas mogul, chief executive of Continental Resources Inc * Robert Grady, venture capitalist, partner in private equity firm Gryphon Investors * Mary Fallin, Republican Oklahoma governor * Ray Washburne, chief executive of investment company Charter Holdings * Cathy McMorris Rodgers, U.S. representative from Washington state and Republican Conference chair * Wilbur Ross, billionaire investor, chairman of Invesco Ltd subsidiary WL Ross & Co * Linda McMahon, former World Wrestling Entertainment executive and two-time Republican Senate candidate * Admiral Mike Rogers, director of the National Security Agency * Ronald Burgess, retired lieutenant general and former Defense Intelligence Agency chief  * Robert Cardillo, director of the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency * Pete Hoekstra, former Republican U.S. representative from Michigan * Rudy Giuliani, former Republican mayor of New York City  * Dan DiMicco, former chief executive of steel producer Nucor Corp * Andrew Puzder, chief executive officer of CKE Restaurants * Victoria Lipnic, U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission commissioner and former Labor Department official during the George W. Bush administration * Elaine Chao, former labor secretary and deputy transportation secretary under Republican Presidents George W. Bush and George H.W. Bush, respectively. Chao is wife of Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell * Harold Ford, former Democratic U.S. Representative from Tennessee * Dr. Ben Carson, former 2016 Republican presidential candidate and retired neurosurgeon The Trump transition team confirmed he would choose from a list of 21 names he drew up during his campaign, including Republican U.S. Senator Mike Lee of Utah, and William Pryor, a federal judge with the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals.  * Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus * Steve Bannon, former head of the conservative website Breitbart News * Jeff Sessions, Republican U.S. senator from Alabama and senior member of the Senate Judiciary Committee (subject to Senate confirmation) * Republican U.S. Representative Mike Pompeo from Kansas (subject to Senate confirmation) * Michael Flynn, retired Army lieutenant general and former director of the Defense Intelligence Agency * Nikki Haley, Republican South Carolina governor (subject to Senate confirmation) * Betsy DeVos, Republican donor and former chair of the Michigan Republican Party ",1
7082,Elton John denies he will play at Trump inauguration,"(Reuters) - Britain’s Sir Elton John will not perform at the inauguration of Donald Trump in Washington as U.S. president, the singer-songwriter’s spokeswoman said on Wednesday. Anthony Scaramucci, an economic adviser to Trump’s campaign, said John would be performing in a BBC radio interview during which Scaramucci also said the Republican president-elect had a pro-gay rights stance. “Elton John is going to be doing our concert on the Mall for the inauguration,” Scaramucci added in the interview for  “HARDtalk,” broadcast on Wednesday. “Elton will not be performing at Trump’s inaugural,” the singer’s publicist, Fran Curtis, responded. John, a prominent gay rights activist, performed at fundraisers for Democrat Hillary Clinton during the U.S. presidential election campaign. He also objected when Trump played his “Rocket Man” and “Tiny Dancer” songs without permission during rallies and campaign appearances earlier this year, saying that any use of his music “should not be seen as an endorsement of Donald Trump.” A spokesman for the Trump inauguration committee did not respond to a request for comment on Scaramucci’s claim.   ",1
7083,Big banks' relationship with Dodd-Frank: it's complicated,"(Reuters) - Having spent billions of dollars on post-crisis U.S. financial industry reforms they once scorned, bankers are concerned the Trump administration, joined by a like-minded Congress, will scrap or significantly change the rules. To comply with a rule known as Dodd-Frank, which was enacted in 2010 following the financial crisis, big U.S banks hired tens of thousands of staffers, built new technology systems, hived off businesses, simplified corporate structures and doubled the amount of capital they hold. JPMorgan Chase & Co has said that in its mortgage business alone, employees spent 800,000 hours in compliance training in a single year. The industry went into these changes kicking and screaming. Banks lobbied hard against Dodd-Frank as it was being drafted, then cajoled regulators to go easy in defining and implementing precise rules. But now that the heavy lifting has been done and Dodd-Frank is largely in effect, the industry see a total  elimination as more of a threat than a blessing. Dodd-Frank has largely made banks safer and the once-opaque derivatives market more transparent, banking executives said.  President-elect Donald Trump, who takes office on Jan. 20, and some important lawmakers in the incoming Republican Congress have pledged to dismantle the law and put a new one in place. It is not yet clear what the replacement would look like, but Texas Republican Jeb Hensarling, who chairs the House Financial Services Committee, has drafted a blueprint called The CHOICE Act. The proposal has a mix of things the industry largely supports, such as abolishing the U.S. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB), but it also has some ideas Wall Street vehemently opposes, like ramping up capital requirements to a level that would likely force big banks to split apart. Proposed changes are also likely to run into stiff opposition from some congressional Democrats, particularly Senator Elizabeth Warren, architect of the CFPB. Big U.S. banks including JPMorgan, Bank of America Corp, Citigroup Inc, Wells Fargo & Co, Goldman Sachs Group Inc and Morgan Stanley have seen big gains in their share prices since the Nov. 8 election, partly on expectations that regulators will soon have a much lighter touch. “There is scope for lower taxes, less regulation, and more growth,” Morgan Stanley analysts said in a report on Tuesday recommending big bank stocks. However, bankers, lawyers and consultants who spoke to Reuters said any big rollback in rulemaking could take several years to implement and may introduce more costs. “One of the dangers of dismantling regulation is that it will be costly and disruptive,” said Mike Alix, a consultant at PwC who works with banks on regulatory matters. “By and large they’ve gotten themselves into shape and they’re not looking to get out of shape.” Industry sources said they are hoping it’s possible to roll back some elements of Dodd-Frank that they view as too onerous or misguided, without scrapping the entire law. For instance, many would like to see the Volcker rule, which places restrictions on proprietary trading, go away. The rule was intended to prevent federally insured banks from placing speculative bets in the markets, and would be repealed as part of Hensarling’s plan. Some banks are taking a second look at compliance initiatives until they gain further clarity on what will happen in Washington. At a conference this month, Bank of America Corp Chief Operating Officer Tom Montag said he is being “a little more cautious” about compliance spending. It is difficult to know whether it is worth spending another $30 million on Volcker rule compliance, he said, because doing so may be a waste of money but not doing so could leave the bank at risk if the rule is implemented as planned. “Even if Volcker doesn’t go away, there are still questions about how tough the enforcement would be,” said Mark Nuccio, who leads the bank regulatory practice at law firm Ropes & Gray LLP. “Banks are deciding they may take the foot off the gas pedal now and just see what happens.” ",1
7084,South Carolina Governor Haley accepts Trump's U.N. offer: NBC,"(Reuters) - South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley has accepted President-elect Donald Trump’s offer to be the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, NBC News reported on Wednesday, citing a source familiar with the transition process. Haley, the daughter of immigrants from India, had backed  Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz during the Republican battle for a White House nominee.  ",1
7085,Mexican cement maker ready to help Trump build border wall,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - A Mexican cement maker is ready to lend its services to U.S. President-elect Donald Trump to build the wall he wants to erect on the southern border of the United States to curb immigration. “We can’t be choosy,” Enrique Escalante, Chief Executive Officer of Grupo Cementos de Chihuahua (GCC) said in an interview. “We’re an important producer in that area and we have to respect our clients on both sides of the border.” Republican Trump campaigned vowing to build a “big, beautiful, powerful” wall across the 2,000 mile (3,200 km) frontier in order to stop illegal immigrants from Mexico, which he accused of sending rapists and drug traffickers north. The campaign of the New York businessman who has never previously held public office was widely reviled in Mexico. Parts of the border are already divided by high fences, and a huge part of the boundary runs along the Rio Grande river. Based in Chihuahua, a large northern state bordering Texas and New Mexico, GCC is one of the biggest construction materials companies in Mexico. It generates around 70 percent of its sales in the United States, where it also has three plants. Escalante said Trump’s plans to invest in energy and infrastructure in the United States augured well for the firm.     “For the business we’re in, Trump is a candidate that does favor the industry quite a bit,” Escalante said. GCC, whose shares are trading at their highest levels since 2008, is 23 percent owned by Mexican multinational cement company Cemex, which at the end of September announced plans to sell its stake. ",1
7086,"Carson talks with Trump team, says he can make 'inner cities great'","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Former Republican rival-turned-supporter Ben Carson on Wednesday said he could serve a role under Donald Trump after talks with the president-elect’s team. Carson had been offered the job leading the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, a Carson spokesman said on Tuesday. “After serious discussions with the Trump transition team, I feel that I can make a significant contribution particularly to making our inner cities great for everyone,” Carson, a former presidential candidate, wrote on Facebook.  “An announcement is forthcoming about my role in helping to make America great again,” he added. ",1
7087,"Greek PM Tsipras, Trump talk about cooperation, security","ATHENS (Reuters) - Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras spoke by telephone to U.S. President-elect Donald Trump on Wednesday, his office said, congratulating him on his election victory and underlining the strong ties between the two countries. Trump and Tsipras discussed Greece’s role for peace and stability in the region, its efforts to tackle the economic and refugee crises and the importance of boosting strategic cooperation between the two countries.  “The two leaders agreed to maintain steady communication channels,” Tsipras’ office said in a statement, without providing further details. ",1
7088,Iran warns of retaliation if U.S. breaches nuclear deal,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Extending U.S. sanctions on Iran for 10 years would breach the Iranian nuclear agreement, Iran Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khamenei said on Wednesday, warning that Tehran would retaliate if the sanctions are approved.  The U.S. House of Representatives re-authorized last week the Iran Sanctions Act, or ISA, for 10 years. The law was first adopted in 1996 to punish investments in Iran’s energy industry and deter Iran’s pursuit of nuclear weapons. The Iran measure will expire at the end of 2016 if it is not renewed. The House bill must still be passed by the Senate and signed by President Barack Obama to become law. Iran and world powers concluded the nuclear agreement, also known as JCPOA, last year. It imposed curbs on Iran’s nuclear program in return for easing sanctions that have badly hurt its economy.  “The current U.S. government has breached the nuclear deal in many occasions,” Khamenei said, addressing a gathering of members of the Revolutionary Guards, according to his website.  “The latest is extension of sanctions for 10 years, that if it happens, would surely be against JCPOA, and the Islamic Republic would definitely react to it.”  The U.S. lawmakers passed the bill one week after Republican Donald Trump was elected U.S. president. Republicans in Congress unanimously opposed the agreement, along with about two dozen Democrats, and Trump has also criticized it. Lawmakers from both parties said they hoped bipartisan support for a tough line against Iran would continue under the new president. President-elect Trump once said during his campaign that he would “rip up” the agreement, drawing a harsh reaction from Khamenei, who said if that happens, Iran would “set fire” to the deal. The House of Representatives also passed a bill last week that would block the sale of commercial aircraft by Boeing (BA.N) and Airbus (AIR.PA) to Iran.  The White House believes that the legislation would be a violation of the nuclear pact and has said Obama would veto the measure even if it did pass the Senate.  ",1
7089,Judge blocks Obama rule extending overtime pay to 4.2 million U.S. workers,"(Reuters) - A federal judge on Tuesday blocked an Obama administration rule to extend mandatory overtime pay to more than 4 million salaried workers from taking effect, imperiling one of the outgoing president’s signature achievements for boosting wages. U.S. District Judge Amos Mazzant, in Sherman, Texas, agreed with 21 states and a coalition of business groups, including the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, that the rule is unlawful and granted their motion for a nationwide injunction.  The rule, issued by the Labor Department, was to take effect Dec. 1 and would have doubled to $47,500 the maximum salary a worker can earn and still be eligible for mandatory overtime pay. The new threshold would have been the first significant change in four decades. It was expected to touch nearly every sector of the U.S. economy and have the greatest impact on nonprofit groups, retail companies, hotels and restaurants, which have many management workers whose salaries are below the new threshold. The states and business groups claimed in lawsuits filed in September, which were later consolidated, that the drastic increase in the salary threshold was arbitrary. On Tuesday, Mazzant, who was appointed by President Barack Obama, ruled that the federal law governing overtime does not allow the Labor Department to decide which workers are eligible based on salary levels alone. The Fair Labor Standards Act says that employees can be exempt from overtime if they perform executive, administrative or professional duties, but the rule “creates essentially a de facto salary-only test,” Mazzant wrote in the 20-page ruling. The states and business groups that challenged the rule applauded the decision. Nevada Attorney General Adam Paul Laxalt said in a statement that the ruling “reinforces the importance of the rule of law and constitutional government.” The Labor Department said it strongly disagrees with the decision. It remains confident that the entire rule is legal, and it is currently considering its options, department spokesman Jason Surbey said. The Labor Department can appeal to the New Orleans, Louisiana-based 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, but that court has stymied the Obama administration before, blocking Obama’s executive actions on immigration in 2015. In any case, the Labor Department could drop the appeal after Republican President-elect Donald Trump takes office in January. In August, Trump told the website Circa that the overtime rule was an example of the type of burdensome business regulations he would seek to roll back as president, perhaps by exempting small businesses or delaying implementation. Even if the rule survived the legal challenge, it could be upended by legislation passed by Congress or withdrawn by Trump’s Department of Labor.   U.S. Chamber of Commerce official Randy Johnson said in a statement that the rule would have been costly and disruptive to businesses. But Ross Eisenbrey of the left-leaning Economic Policy Institute, which supported the rule, called the decision “extreme and unsupportable.” “It is also a disappointment to millions of workers who are forced to work long hours with no extra compensation, and is a blow to those Americans who care deeply about raising wages and lessening inequality,” Eisenbrey said in a statement. The case is Nevada v. U.S. Department of Labor, U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Texas, No. 16-cv-731. ",1
7090,Democrats search for answers to stem a spreading Republican tide,"MONTPELIER, Vt. (Reuters) - Still sifting through the wreckage of the Nov. 8 election, Democratic leaders nationwide are struggling to find a new message to claw back support and avoid years in the political wilderness.      Not only do Republicans control the White House and both the U.S. Senate and the House of Representatives, they now hold 33 governor’s offices.  New England, long considered reliably Democratic, is a prime example of the party’s demise. Republican Phil Scott won in Vermont over Democrat Sue Minter who was criticized, like presidential nominee Hillary Clinton, for failing to develop an economic message that resonated with voters worried about good-paying jobs.     Considered a liberal bastion, Vermont has a tradition of sometimes choosing a Republican governor to keep one party from having too much control. Elsewhere, Republican Chris Sununu will replace a Democratic governor in New Hampshire while Maine and Massachusetts already have Republican governors. “We lost the governorship of freaking Vermont,” lamented Washington-based Democratic strategist Chris Kofinis. “We didn’t just lose an election. This was a national rebuke. This was biblical.”    Republicans also command 32 state legislatures and have full control — meaning they hold the governor’s office and both legislative chambers — in 24 states, including swing states such as Florida, Ohio, Michigan, and Wisconsin. When President Barack Obama was elected in 2008, they controlled just nine. “There are more Republicans at the state legislative level than there have ever been,” said Tim Storey, an analyst with the National Conference of State Legislatures.      Republicans scored a major coup when they seized the Senate in traditionally liberal Minnesota, giving it full control of the legislature, and they gained full control of next-door Iowa. “The party’s message, structure and apparatus are broken,” said Kofinis, who was chief of staff to moderate Democratic Senator Joe Manchin of West Virginia. “We haven’t acknowledged it for years because we had the White House.” Obama’s two terms masked a crumbling party infrastructure. During Obama’s tenure, Democrats lost over 800 state legislative seats, at least 13 governorships and both houses of Congress.  Party insiders are reluctant to blame the popular Obama but cite plenty of reasons for the decline. These include a muddled economic message; an overemphasis on emerging demographic groups such as minorities and millennial at the expense of white voters; a perception the party is elitist and aligned with Wall Street; a reluctance to embrace the progressive populism of Senator Bernie Sanders, the former presidential hopeful; and failure to field strong candidates in key states. There is an emerging consensus, they add, that the party has been too focused on winning national races and has not invested enough in local campaigns, along with a grudging admission that Republicans have done a better job of competing on the ground. As a result, a poor performance by the Democrats in the 2010 midterm elections gave Republicans control of statehouses across the country, allowing them to redraw legislative maps to fashion districts that would help ensure their long-term electoral success. “I think the foundation was built back in 2010,” Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker told Reuters. “There was a big wave and then for many of us that were elected in ‘10, we got reelected in ’14 in battleground states - Wisconsin, Florida, Ohio, Michigan. You look at the states that were key to the presidential win, were states where Republicans did well in ‘10 and then sustained it.” “UNDER-RESOURCED” Democrats are working to recover and looking ahead to governor’s races in New Jersey and Virginia next year to make up lost ground. Governor’s offices have become crucial for another reason: Republican governors signed voter suppression measures in states such as North Carolina that Democrats believe damaged turnout. Sununu has said that as one of his first acts as governor in New Hampshire, he would like to end the state’s practice of allowing same-day voter registration. As with redistricting, it is another lever of power that Republicans can wield to make sure they remain in the majority for a long time. Obama has said he will actively support a new party initiative, the National Democratic Redistricting Committee, that seeks to restore state-level Democratic power.  Mark Schauer, a former Michigan congressman who is a senior adviser to the effort, said the goal is to have a central organization direct resources into critical local races. Schauer, who lost his congressional seat after Republican legislators excised his home county from his district, said deep-pocketed Democratic donors have not always appreciated the need to support state races.  “A state senate race isn’t as sexy as a presidential or big U.S. Senate race,” Schauer said.  Jessica Post, executive director of the Democratic Legislative Campaign Committee, the party arm charged with overseeing state races, agreed. “We have felt under-resourced.” When Howard Dean, the former Vermont governor and presidential candidate, ran the Democratic National Committee, he adopted a “50-state strategy,” investing funds in every state, even ones perceived to be hostile to Democrats, in an effort to identify viable candidates for local office.  While Dean’s plan was not the sole reason, Democrats had election successes in 2006 and 2008. When Dean left the DNC, his strategy faded and the party’s fortunes at the state level began to decline.  Dean is a candidate to run the DNC again and has said he will revive the strategy if elected to the post.  “What is happening is a result of decades of smart organizing by conservatives who have very simply poured resources, talent and energy into creating an infrastructure at the state, local, and now national level,” said Bill Lofy, a long-time Democratic strategist in Vermont.  He said Governor-elect Scott “was very effective at making this, in a generic sense, about kitchen-table economic issues in a way that paralleled with the presidential race.” And like Trump, he said, Scott “spent very little time talking about how is going to implement the policies he was proposing. It was more about Scott telling voters: ‘Trust me. I’m on your side.’”     ",1
7091,Illinois fix to unpaid bills may end up as financial time bomb,"CHICAGO (Reuters) - Illinois owes a handful of financial consortia more than $118 million under an obscure program intended to speed up overdue payments to the cash-strapped state’s vendors, an analysis of state records shows. Political feuding between Republican Governor Bruce Rauner and Democrats who control the legislature has kept Illinois without a full operating budget since July 2015, contributing to a doubling of the unpaid bills backlog. The amount of overdue bills could reach $13.5 billion, or 40 percent of available operating revenue, when the current fiscal year ends June 30, the Rauner administration has projected.  Come fiscal 2022, the backlog is projected to balloon to $47 billion. No other U.S. state defers payments to the extent Illinois does to manage cash flow, credit-rating analysts said. The one-of-its-kind, bill-payment program seeks to avert the nightmare scenario for a state in the worst financial shape in the country: a shutdown of essential services such as employee health insurance, a disruption of prison food supplies or mothballing of state trooper cars in need of fuel and maintenance. “I don’t think there is any other alternative for us,” Illinois Central Management Services Director Michael Hoffman told a legislative panel in May. But it comes at a heavy cost with unlimited late-payment fees now approaching 20 percent in some cases for Illinois’ cash-strapped government, whose general obligation (GO) low-investment grade credit ratings are the lowest among U.S. states.  The state’s negative credit outlook means its $26 billion of outstanding GO bonds could lurch closer to the junk level if the growing unpaid bill pile impairs its ability to provide essential services, affects debt payments and inflates its already huge $130 billion unfunded pension liability.     “No other state or business would operate by incurring obligations to its vendors and setting up a third-party payment structure that dramatically inflates the costs of those services,” said Laurence Msall, president of the Chicago-based Civic Federation, a non-partisan government watchdog.  Under the Vendor Support Initiative (VSI) program launched last year to replace a similar plan introduced in 2011, state vendors can get paid without delay 90 percent of what they are owed by state-designated financial lenders.  When the state finally pays, the vendors get the final 10 percent, while the lenders keep the late-penalty fees. In Illinois, receivables more than 90 days past due accumulate interest at a rate of 1 percent per month. For the lenders, the risk is that the state will not pay up and they will need to fight for compensation in courts, but that has not happened yet. The firms include financial institutions such as Citibank N.A. (C.N) and Bank of America Corp (BAC.N), a distressed debt investor tied to a Rauner campaign donor, and political insiders, including Hillary Clinton’s 2008 campaign manager and a former two-term Republican Illinois governor. Lindsay Trittipoe, majority investor of the second-largest consortium, Illinois Financing Partners LLP, told Reuters his group was performing a vital function rather than exploiting the state’s financial miseries. “Our money is flowing into the market, helping the wheels of commerce to keep working,” he said. Citi and Bank of America declined to comment for this story and representatives from the largest state-qualified buyer of receivables, Chicago-based Vendor Assistance Program, and some of its investors did not respond to interview requests. Fees on unpaid bills in the program have been growing by more than $2.6 million per week and could exceed $194 million by June 30, according to a Reuters analysis of state data as of Sept. 28. By the end of Rauner's term in January 2019, total interest on unpaid receivables in the program could exceed $351 million if there is no progress in reducing the bill backlog, Reuters calculations show. (Graphic: tmsnrt.rs/2fW1vxj) That total represents more than what Illinois allocated in operating funds last June to keep seven of its nine public universities open for six months.  As of late September, four participating VSI lenders had bought 15,369 unpaid receivables worth $1.12 billion under the program. Late-payment penalties on those billings surpassed $118 million and continue to grow, Reuters has found. Illinois law places no limit on how long the late fees can accrue and since 2010 the state has spent about $929 million in late-payment penalties, according to state comptroller data. Three of the four firms now involved also took part in a similar program launched under previous Democratic Governor Pat Quinn. Its current version has sparked questions over how firms were vetted, a lack of up-to-date disclosures about their owners and financing, and patchy accounting of vendor payments. Additionally, state business registration of one of the firms, Payplant LLC, expired two months before the program’s launch, according to the Illinois secretary of state’s office. A company representative blamed “a procedural lapse” and said it had begun the process in October to reinstate its LLC status. “The focus should be on transparency,” said Illinois Treasurer Michael Frerichs, a Democrat. “If we have a program like this, we don’t want to turn it over to loan sharks.” Using the state data, Reuters calculated the average rate on late payments at 8.14 percent through late September. During that same period, the Dow Jones Industrial Average only gained 3.65 percent. “It seems that (it) creates a real perverse incentive for them to wait as long as they can,” Democratic Representative Elaine Nekritz said about the buyers of vendor invoices.  State spokeswoman Meredith Krantz defended the program, saying it helped vendors “be paid more quickly than the state’s payment cycle would otherwise allow.”  One big non-profit participating state vendor, Chicago-based Safer Foundation, saw no other options. “Do you want to get nothing or 90 percent now and the other 10 percent later?” said Victor Dickson, the group’s president and CEO. “We chose, ‘Let’s get 90 percent and keep serving our clients.’” ",1
7092,Factbox: The companies making money from Illinois’ unpaid bills,"(Reuters) - During a 10-month period starting in November 2015, four firms qualified by Illinois Governor Bruce Rauner’s administration purchased $1.12 billion in unpaid bills due scores of vendors providing critical goods and services. In return, the firms stood to pocket at least $118 million in state-funded late-payment penalties as of late September. Firm			       Receivables acquired*       Late-payment penalty* Vendor Assistance Program		$707.2 million               	$82.4 million         Illinois Financing Partners  	$275.4 million                  	$18.6 million Vendor Capital Finance LLC  	$145 million                  	$16.9 million Payplant                     	$475,330                        	$39,530 *As of Sept. 28, 2016 Source: Illinois Department of Central Management Services Vendor Assistance Program (VAP) VAP’s February 2014 disclosure, its latest available, identifies six funding sources and 12 owners, including Citibank N.A. and the consulting firm owned by Democratic political strategist Patti Solis Doyle, Hillary Clinton’s 2008 presidential campaign manager. Another VAP investor listed on that document is Manchester Securities, which is owned by billionaire hedge fund manager Paul Singer and had a 4 percent stake. State records show Singer donated $250,000 to Rauner in September 2014, two months before Rauner’s election and 14 months before the launch of the Rauner administration’s Vendor Support Initiative.  Argentina dubbed an affiliated Singer-owned company a “vulture” investor for its hardball tactics in a decade-plus legal battle with the South American nation over defaulted sovereign debt. At one point, the Singer firm had an Argentine naval training vessel briefly impounded by Ghana in an attempt to extract money from Buenos Aires. Illinois Financing Partners (IFP) Illinois Financing Partners, LLC’s involvement in the program is backed by a $500 million Bank of America commitment, according to an IFP filing with the state in April. IFP’s purchases have consisted entirely of overdue Health Alliance bills. The group’s president, founder and majority investor is Lindsay Trittipoe, who holds a 58 percent stake in the company.  IFP’s minority investors include former two-term Illinois Republican Governor Jim Edgar, who is IFP’s board chairman, and former U.S. Representative Jerry Costello, an Illinois Democrat. Both hold 1 percent stakes in the company. Vendor Capital Finance LLC A February 2014 disclosure to Illinois, the most recent available, lists New York municipal finance consultant Le Chen as VCF’s chief executive officer. LeRose, LLC, of which Chen is identified as the lone member in state business records, reported a 6 percent ownership stake in VCF. With a nearly 94 percent stake, VCF’s largest owner was ER Illinois LLC, based at the same New York address as Richmond Hill Investment Co., LP, VCF’s filing showed. Payplant LLC The Palo Alto, California-based firm was co-founded by Ronjon Nag, an inventor and smartphone pioneer, and Neerav Berry, a computer engineering expert and co-founder of a mobile app store platform acquired by Blackberry. A February 2014 filing with Illinois showed Nag and wife Sally Ann Rudd committing $5 million to Payplant with another $5 million coming from the Berry & Pandey Living Trust. The program targets invoices from contractors providing vital state services 90 or more days overdue. To date, Illinois has designated a variety of vendors, including some that supply state employees and retirees with medical services, feed prison inmates and keep Illinois’ computer systems functioning. The outside groups front unpaid vendors 90 percent of the face value of their receivables. Whenever Illinois eventually pays those bills, vendors keep the remaining 10 percent of what they are owed, then forward the balance and late-payment penalties to the lenders. SOURCES: Illinois Department of Central Management Services ",1
7093,"Trump won with lowest minority vote in decades, fueling divisions","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Donald Trump won the U.S. presidency with less support from black and Hispanic voters than any president in at least 40 years, a Reuters review of polling data shows, highlighting deep national divisions that have fueled incidents of racial and political confrontation. Trump was elected with 8 percent of the black vote, 28 percent of the Hispanic vote and 27 percent of the Asian-American vote, according to the Reuters/Ipsos Election Day poll. Among black voters, his showing was comparable to the 9 percent captured by George W. Bush in 2000 and Ronald Reagan in 1984. But Bush and Reagan both did far better with Hispanic voters, capturing 35 percent and 34 percent, respectively, according to exit polling data compiled by the non-partisan Roper Center for Public Opinion Research.  And Trump’s performance among Asian-Americans was the worst of any winning presidential candidate since tracking of that demographic began in 1992. The racial polarization behind Trump’s victory has helped set the stage for tensions that have surfaced repeatedly since the election, in white supremacist victory celebrations, in anti-Trump protests and civil rights rallies, and in hundreds of racist, xenophobic and anti-Semitic hate crimes documented by the Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC), which tracks extremist movements. The SPLC reports there were 701 incidents of “hateful harassment and intimidation” between the day following the Nov. 8 election and Nov. 16, with a spike in such incidents in the immediate wake of the vote.     Signs point to an ongoing atmosphere of confrontation.     The Loyal White Knights of the Ku Klux Klan, a white separatist group that vilifies African-Americans, Jews and other minorities, plans an unusual Dec. 3 rally in North Carolina to celebrate Trump’s victory. Left-wing and anarchist groups have called for organized protests to disrupt the president-elect’s Jan. 20 inauguration. And a “Women’s March on Washington,” scheduled for the following day, is expected to draw hundreds of thousands to protest Trump’s presidency.     American politics became increasingly racialized through President Barack Obama’s two terms, “but there was an attempt across the board, across the parties, to keep those tensions under the surface,” says Jamila Michener, an assistant professor of government at Cornell University.  Trump’s anti-immigrant, anti-Muslim rhetoric “brought those divisions to the fore; it activated people on the right, who felt empowered, and it activated people on the left, who saw it as a threat,” she added.     That dynamic was evident last week.     When Vice President-elect Mike Pence attended the Broadway musical “Hamilton” in New York on Friday, the multi-ethnic cast closed with a statement expressing fears of a Trump presidency. A far different view was on display the next day as a crowd of about 275 people cheered Trump’s election at a Washington conference of the National Policy Institute, a white nationalist group with a strong anti-Semitic beliefs.      “We willed Donald Trump into office; we made this dream our reality,” NPI President Richard Spencer said. After outlining a vision of America as “a white country designed for ourselves and our posterity,” he closed with, “Hail Trump! Hail our people! Hail victory!” Though Trump’s election victory was driven by white voters, his performance even among that group was not as strong as some of his predecessors. Reagan and George H.W. Bush both won the presidency with higher shares of the white vote than the 55 percent that Trump achieved.      The historical voting patterns reflect decades of polarization in American politics, but the division surrounding Trump appears more profound, says Cas Mudde, an associate professor specializing in political extremism at the University of Georgia. These days, he adds, “people say they don’t want their children even to date someone from the other party.”     Indeed, voters’ opinions of those on the opposite side of the partisan divide have reached historic lows. Surveys by the Pew Research Center showed this year that majorities of both parties held “very unfavorable” views of the other party – a first since the center first measured such sentiment in 1992. And the lion’s share of those people believe the opposing party’s policies “are so misguided that they threaten the nation’s well-being,” the center found.     That level of division has spurred activists on both sides of the political divide to take their activism in a more confrontational direction.     In the wake of Trump’s victory, protesters on the left took to the streets by the thousands in cities across the country, in some cases causing property damage.  Much of the agitation was motivated by a belief that Trump’s administration will foster racism and push the courts and other political institutions to disenfranchise minority voters, says James Anderson, editor of ItsGoingDown.Org, an anarchist website that has promoted mass demonstrations against Trump’s presidency, including a call to disrupt his inauguration.     Many on the left have come to distrust government institutions, embracing a breed of activism aimed at directly confronting what they see as condemnable political forces, Anderson says. “The answer now is to organize, build power and autonomy and fight back.”     On the opposite end of the political spectrum, Trump’s election is bringing new hope for right-wing activists who felt abandoned by the major parties.      John Roberts, a top officer in the Ku Klux Klan affiliate planning the December rally to celebrate Trump’s election, says the group is committed to non-violent demonstrations, but he sees Trump’s election as likely to bring a new era of political conflict. And much of the strife, he says, will be centered around racial divisions.     “Once Trump officially takes office, there is going to be a boiling over at some point in time,” Roberts says. “Who knows when that’s going to be, but it’s not going to be pretty.” ",1
7094,Trump keeping 'open mind' on pulling out of climate accord,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump said on Tuesday he was keeping an open mind on whether to pull out of a landmark international accord to fight climate change, in a softening of his stance toward global warming. Trump told the New York Times in an interview that he thinks there is “some connectivity” between human activity and global warming, despite previously describing climate change as a hoax. A source on Trump’s transition team told Reuters earlier this month that the New York businessman was seeking quick ways to withdraw the United States from the 2015 Paris Agreement to combat climate change.  But asked on Tuesday whether the United States would withdraw from the accord, the Republican said: “I’m looking at it very closely. I have an open mind to it.”  A U.S. withdrawal from the pact, agreed to by almost 200 countries, would set back international efforts to limit rising temperatures that have been linked to the extinctions of animals and plants, heat waves, floods and rising sea levels.         . Trump, who takes office on Jan. 20, also said he was thinking about climate change and American competitiveness and “how much it will cost our companies,” he said, according to a tweet by a Times reporter in the interview. Two people advising Trump’s transition team on energy and environment issues said they were caught off guard by his remarks.  A shift on global warming is the latest sign Trump might be backing away from some of his campaign rhetoric as life in the Oval Office approaches. Trump has said he might have to build a fence, rather than a wall, in some areas of the U.S.-Mexican border to stop illegal immigration, tweaking one of his signature campaign promises. Also in Tuesday’s interview, he showed little appetite for pressing investigations of his Democratic rival in the presidential campaign, Hillary Clinton. “I don’t want to hurt the Clintons, I really don’t. She went through a lot and suffered greatly in many different ways,” he told reporters, editors and other newspaper officials at the Times headquarters in Manhattan.  But Trump said “no” when asked if he would rule out investigating Clinton over her family’s charitable foundation or her use of a private email server while she was U.S. secretary of state during President Barack Obama’s first term. If Trump does abandon his campaign vow to appoint a special prosecutor for Clinton, it will be a reversal of a position he mentioned almost daily on the campaign trail, when he dubbed his rival “Crooked Hillary,” and crowds at his rallies often chanted: “Lock her up.” His comments to the Times about Clinton angered some of his strongest conservative supporters. Breitbart News, the outlet once led by Trump’s chief strategist, Steve Bannon, published a story on Tuesday under the headline, “Broken Promise: Trump ‘Doesn’t Wish to Pursue’ Clinton email charges.” The FBI investigated Clinton’s email practices, concluding in July that her actions were careless but that there were no grounds for bringing charges.  The Clinton Foundation charity has also been scrutinized for donations it received, but there has been no evidence that foreign donors obtained favors from the State Department while Clinton headed it. Trump, a real estate developer who has never held public office, brushed off fears over conflicts of interest between his job as president and his family’s businesses. “The law’s totally on my side, the president can’t have a conflict of interest,” he told the New York Times. My company’s so unimportant to me relative to what I’m doing,” Trump said. Conflict-of-interest rules for executive branch employees do not apply to the president, but Trump will be bound by bribery laws, disclosure requirements and a section of the U.S. Constitution that prohibits elected officials from taking gifts from foreign governments, according to Republican and Democratic ethics lawyers. “There may be specific laws that don’t apply to the president, but the president is not above the law,” said Richard Painter of the University of Minnesota, a former associate counsel to Republican President George W. Bush. “Do we really want to run our government where you have the president, the leader of the United States and the free world, saying: ‘I’m going to do the bare minimum to squeak by?’” asked Norman Eisen, a former top ethics lawyer in Obama’s White House. Trump’s businesswoman daughter Ivanka joined her father’s telephone call with Argentine President Mauricio Macri earlier this month and attended a meeting with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, raising questions of possible conflicts of interest. When asked whether House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan and other Republicans in Congress would consider his  trillion-dollar infrastructure plan, Trump boasted he was popular with the party’s leaders on Capitol Hill.     “Right now, they’re in love with me,” he said.     Since his Nov. 8 election victory, Trump has been meeting with prospective candidates for top positions in his administration. Ben Carson, a former Republican presidential hopeful who dropped out of the 2016 race and backed Trump, has been offered the post of secretary of housing and urban development, Carson spokesman Armstrong Williams said. Carson, a retired surgeon who met with Trump on Tuesday, will think about it over the Thanksgiving holiday, Williams said. Trump arrived in Florida on Tuesday evening to spend Thursday’s holiday at his Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach.  ",1
7095,Ex-CIA boss Petraeus indicates would serve Trump if asked,"LONDON (Reuters) - Retired U.S. general David Petraeus indicated on Wednesday that he would serve in President-elect Donald Trump’s administration if he was offered a job, according to an interview on Britain’s BBC radio. The Wall Street Journal has reported that Petraeus, who resigned as CIA chief in 2012 after an extra-marital affair was revealed, was under consideration for the post of defense secretary. Asked if he would agree to serve in the Trump administration, Petraeus said: “I’ve been in a position before where a president has turned to me in the Oval Office in a difficult moment and .... said ‘I’m asking you as your president and commander-in-chief to take command of the International Security Assistance Force in Afghanistan’. “The only response can be ‘yes, Mr President’.” Petraeus was a four-star general in the U.S. Army and oversaw international forces in both Iraq and Afghanistan. He was later appointed as CIA director by President Barack Obama. Asked during his BBC interview if he thought Trump had the right temperament to be president, Petraeus said: “We’re going to have to see. “I’m not someone who’s had contact with him in the past. I don’t know how he operates. It’s interesting that those who have been talking to him have said he’s a very personable, very hospitable, very gracious guy, full of questions and dialogue. “This is a guy who’s done pretty well in life.” Pressed further on the pressures of the office of U.S. president and whether he had confidence that Trump was capable of doing the job, Petraeus said: “I think so, yes. It’s up to Americans not only to hope that that is the case, but if they can, endeavor to help him.” ",1
7096,"Ben Carson offered HUD post, will consider it: Carson spokesman","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump has offered the post of secretary of housing and urban development to former presidential candidate Ben Carson, who will consider it over the Thanksgiving holiday, a Carson spokesman said on Tuesday. “The president-elected asked him to consider it and he’s considering it,” Carson spokesman Armstrong Williams said. Carson, a retired surgeon, dropped out of the 2016 presidential race in March and backed Trump. ",1
7097,Conservatives bristle as Trump backs off Clinton prosecution,"(Reuters) - Some of Donald Trump’s strongest conservative supporters are voicing anger and disappointment at the president-elect’s comments on Tuesday that he might back off his campaign pledge of pursuing a prosecution of former rival Hillary Clinton.     Trump, in an interview with the New York Times, took a more compassionate tone toward the Democratic presidential nominee than during his campaign, when he talked about a possible criminal investigation of the opponent he dubbed “Crooked Hillary” if he won the White House.  Chants of “Lock her up” echoed throughout his campaign rallies, with Trump supporters angrily alleging corruption related to her use of a private email server while secretary of state and to foreign contributions received by the Clinton Foundation charity. “She went through a lot and suffered greatly in many different ways, and I am not looking to hurt them at all. The campaign was vicious,” Trump told the Times, adding that launching an investigation was “not something I feel very strongly about.” Conservatives who had reveled in the possibility of a Clinton prosecution were not pleased. Breitbart News, the outlet once led by Trump’s chief strategist, Steve Bannon, published a story on Tuesday under the headline, “Broken Promise: Trump ‘Doesn’t Wish to Pursue’ Clinton email charges.” Writer and commentator Ann Coulter also balked at the news, tweeting: “Whoa! I thought we elected (Trump) president. Did we make him the FBI, & (U.S. Department of Justice)? His job is to pick those guys, not do their jobs.” She added no president should block “investigators from doing their jobs.” Radio personality Rush Limbaugh asked the 2 million people who like his Facebook page for reaction and received more than 2,000 responses, many of which were livid. “Donald J. Trump, I am hearing that you will not be pursuing Hillary email scandal and pay-to-play. If that is the case, you just proved to me and America that laws are for the poor people. That Lady Justice is not blind. That you are no different than the swamp you want to drain. If true, you have just spit in my face and so many others,” Facebook user Donald Marks wrote. Some Republicans have backed the shift, including former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani, a close Trump adviser, who told reporters on Tuesday that while he would have supported an investigation, Trump had to make a “tough choice.” “There is a tradition in American politics that after you win an election, you sort of put things behind you,” Giuliani told ABC News. ",1
7098,Ex-congressman Ford being considered for U.S. transportation secretary: Politico,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Former Democratic Representative Harold Ford Jr of Tennessee is being considered for U.S. transportation secretary or another Cabinet post in Donald Trump’s administration, Politico reported on Tuesday, citing two unnamed sources. Ford, who served five terms in Congress, has yet to meet with president-elect Trump but there have been some preliminary feelers put out about potential Cabinet-level posts, including transportation secretary, and Ford appears open to putting himself in the mix, Politico reported. ",1
7099,"Willing to oppose Trump, some Senate Republicans gain leverage","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - It is no surprise that Democrats in the U.S. Congress will oppose Donald Trump but the most important resistance to fulfilling the president-elect’s agenda is beginning to emerge from Republicans on Capitol Hill. A small number of influential Republicans in the Senate are threatening to block appointments to Trump’s administration, derail his thaw with Russia and prevent the planned wall on the border with Mexico. The party held onto control of the Senate at the Nov. 8 election but by only a thin margin, putting powerful swing votes in just a few hands. That empowers Republican Senate mavericks such as Rand Paul of Kentucky and Ted Cruz of Texas. Both were bitter rivals to Trump in the 2016 Republican presidential primary.  Paul, a libertarian lone wolf, says he will block Senate confirmations if Trump nominates either former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani or former U.N. Ambassador John Bolton to be secretary of state. South Carolina’s Lindsay Graham has started publicly outlining places he might be willing to oppose Trump. He is against the Mexican border wall and is delivering warnings against Trump’s intention to revoke legal status for undocumented immigrants brought here as children - although that would not require congressional approval.  Graham, a traditional Republican foreign policy hawk, strongly disagrees with Trump’s attempt to improve ties with Russia. “I am going to be kind of a hard ass” on Russia, Graham told reporters recently. “We can’t sit on the sidelines” and let cyber attacks blamed on Russia “go unanswered.”             The early stirrings of opposition from Senate Republicans are a sign that the New York businessman, who has never held public office, might run into harsh political realities soon after taking office on Jan. 20.         Other Senators who might defy Trump are Arizona’s John McCain and Jeff Flake, Nebraska’s Ben Sasse, Florida’s Marco Rubio, Maine’s Susan Collins and Alaska’s Lisa Murkowski, said senior Senate aides and lawmakers.     These lawmakers have ruffled feathers in the past and some have a good political reason not to fear Trump: Paul, McCain, Murkowski and Rubio do not have to run for reelection until 2022. Graham, Collins and Sasse will have to face the voters in 2020; Cruz and Flake have an earlier election, in 2018. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, whose job is to keep the Republicans in line, knows the challenges ahead. A senior Republican aide said McConnell is “loathe” to spend time trying to move bills that lack the needed Senate votes.  McConnell is aware he will not have the support of some of his own lawmakers on bills that could pass the Republican-controlled House of Representatives, such as appropriating money to build the Mexican wall and further abortion restrictions, the aide said. But Trump has a history of taming what appear to be well-entrenched Republican opponents. He won the party nomination against all the odds and some of his staunchest opponents like Rubio and Cruz ended up endorsing him.         And swing votes in the Senate cut two ways. The Democrats have their own potential renegades such as West Virginia’s Joe Manchin, who has already declared his support for Trump’s nomination of Republican Senator Jeff Sessions as attorney general. Such swings by Democrats toward Republicans may be likelier ahead of the 2018 elections, when Democrats must defend more vulnerable Senate seats than Republicans. Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer must deal with this. Trump said over the weekend he and Schumer “always had a good relationship.” Republicans are likely to control only 52 seats in the 100-seat Senate, meaning three defections within the party are enough to block cabinet appointments which only require 50 votes. Vice President-elect Mike Pence would break 50-50 ties. The task for McConnell gets more difficult when it comes to passing legislation, which requires 60 votes, known as cloture, to allow a bill to move forward. If Trump plans to sign a bill while in office, perhaps one that will change immigration law or restrict abortions, McConnell will have to keep all Republicans in line and win over an additional eight Democrats. Trump could deliver on campaign promises that do not require legislative approval like blocking the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal or ending the Iran nuclear pact. The repeal of the Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare, enjoys robust Republican support and would be done through a legislative maneuver that does not require any Democratic support.  Collins and Murkowski have a history of crossing the aisle to join Democrats and could shy from abortion restrictions. Cruz has never feared disrupting Senate business to prove a point or seek concessions in legislation.  Sasse did not waver from his staunch criticism of Trump through the campaign. Flake has said he is “eating crow” after Trump’s win, but he could defect on immigration and border security, issues he has previously joined with Democrats on. Paul was asked last week on MSNBC if he would put a hold on Giuliani or Bolton. In the Senate, a hold allows a single senator to delay a confirmation. He left open the possibility of such a move, saying, “I feel pretty strongly about it.”  He said: “We have a 52-48 majority, all it would take is two or three Republicans to say they can’t go along with Giuliani and can’t go along with Bolton.”     ",1
7100,Factbox: Contenders for key jobs in Trump's administration,"(Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump held additional meetings in New York on Tuesday as he worked to fill administration positions ahead of his inauguration on Jan. 20.  Below are people mentioned as contenders for senior roles. See end of list for posts already filled. * Steven Mnuchin, former Goldman Sachs Group Inc executive and Trump’s campaign finance chairman * Jeb Hensarling, Republican U.S. representative from Texas and chairman of the House Financial Services Committee * Jamie Dimon, JPMorgan Chase & Co chief executive officer * Tom Barrack, founder and chairman of Colony Capital Inc * Jonathan Gray, global head of real estate at the Blackstone Group  * Mitt Romney, 2012 Republican presidential nominee and former Massachusetts governor  * Rudy Giuliani, former Republican mayor of New York City * Nikki Haley, Republican governor of South Carolina * John Bolton, former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations under Republican President George W. Bush * Bob Corker, Republican U.S. senator from Tennessee and chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee * Zalmay Khalilzad, former U.S. ambassador to Iraq * James Mattis, retired Marine general * David Petraeus, former CIA director and retired Army general * Tom Cotton, Republican U.S. senator from Arkansas       * Jon Kyl, former Republican U.S. senator from Arizona * Duncan Hunter, Republican U.S. representative from California and early Trump supporter, member of the House Armed Services Committee * Jim Talent, former Republican U.S. senator from Missouri who was on the Senate Armed Services Committee  * Rick Perry, former Republican Texas governor * Stephen Hadley, former national security adviser under President George W. Bush * Tom Price, Republican U.S. representative from Georgia who is an orthopedic surgeon * Rich Bagger, former pharmaceutical executive and former top aide to Republican New Jersey Governor Chris Christie * Bobby Jindal, former Republican Louisiana governor * Michael McCaul, Republican U.S. representative from Texas and chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee * David Clarke, Milwaukee county sheriff and vocal Trump supporter  * Joe Arpaio, outgoing Maricopa County, Arizona, sheriff who campaigned for Trump * Kris Kobach, Kansas secretary of state * Jeff Holmstead, energy lawyer, former EPA official during George W. Bush administration * Robert Grady, venture capitalist, partner in private equity firm Gryphon Investors  * Leslie Rutledge, Republican Arkansas attorney general * Carol Comer, commissioner of the Indiana Department of Environmental Management * Harold Hamm, Oklahoma oil and gas mogul, chief executive of Continental Resources Inc * Kevin Cramer, Republican U.S. Representative from North Dakota * Robert Grady, venture capitalist, partner in private equity firm Gryphon Investors  * Larry Nichols, co-founder of Devon Energy Corp * James Connaughton, chief executive of Nautilus Data Technologies and a former environmental adviser to President George W. Bush * Rick Perry, former Republican Texas governor * Sarah Palin, former Alaska governor, 2008 Republican vice presidential nominee * Jan Brewer, former Republican Arizona governor * Forrest Lucas, founder of oil products company Lucas Oil * Harold Hamm, Oklahoma oil and gas mogul, chief executive of Continental Resources Inc * Robert Grady, venture capitalist, partner in private equity firm Gryphon Investors * Mary Fallin, Republican Oklahoma governor * Ray Washburne, chief executive of investment company Charter Holdings * Cathy McMorris Rodgers, U.S. representative from Washington state and Republican Conference chair * Wilbur Ross, billionaire investor, chairman of Invesco Ltd subsidiary WL Ross & Co * Linda McMahon, former World Wrestling Entertainment executive and two-time Republican Senate candidate * Admiral Mike Rogers, director of the National Security Agency * Ronald Burgess, retired lieutenant general and former Defense Intelligence Agency chief  * Robert Cardillo, director of the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency * Pete Hoekstra, former Republican U.S. representative from Michigan * Rudy Giuliani, former Republican mayor of New York City  * Richard Grenell, former spokesman for the United States at the United Nations  * Peter King, Republican U.S. representative from New York * Tulsi Gabbard, a war veteran and Democratic U.S. representative from Hawaii * Dan DiMicco, former chief executive of steel producer Nucor Corp * Andrew Puzder, chief executive officer of CKE Restaurants * Victoria Lipnic, U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission commissioner and former Labor Department official during the George W. Bush administration * Elaine Chao, former labor secretary and deputy transportation secretary under Republican Presidents George W. Bush and George H.W. Bush, respectively. Chao is wife of Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell * Dr. Ben Carson, former 2016 Republican presidential candidate and retired neurosurgeon The Trump transition team confirmed he would choose from a list of 21 names he drew up during his campaign, including Republican U.S. Senator Mike Lee of Utah, and William Pryor, a federal judge with the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals.  * Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus * Steve Bannon, former head of the conservative website Breitbart News * Jeff Sessions, Republican U.S. senator from Alabama and senior member of the Senate Judiciary Committee (subject to Senate confirmation) * Republican U.S. Representative Mike Pompeo from Kansas (subject to Senate confirmation) * Michael Flynn, retired Army lieutenant general and former director of the Defense Intelligence Agency ",1
7101,Factbox: Summary of Trump's comments in New York Times interview,"(Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump spoke on a wide range of issues with New York Times editors and reporters on Tuesday. The following is a summary of some of his comments as reported by the newspaper or its reporters. Trump said prosecuting Democratic rival Hillary Clinton for her handing of classified information while secretary of state or the dealings of the Clinton Foundation was “not something that I feel very strongly about.” “I don’t want to hurt the Clintons, I really don’t,” Trump said. “She went through a lot and suffered greatly in many different ways.” “I think it would be very very divisive for the country,” he said, referring to prosecuting Clinton or her husband, former President Bill Clinton. During campaign rallies, Trump often fired up his supporters by calling for pressing for investigations of Hillary Clinton, spurring chants of “Lock her up!” by the crowd. Trump, who previously called man-made global warming a hoax, said: “I think there is some connectivity” between humans and climate change. “I’m looking at it very closely,” Trump said about the 2015 Paris climate accord, which he had promised to quit during the presidential campaign. “I have an open mind to it.” * ALT-RIGHT AND STEVE BANNON Trump condemned an alt-right conference in Washington over the weekend where some members performed a Hitler salute and yelled: “Hail Trump!” after a speech about white nationalism. “I condemn them. I disavow, and I condemn,” he said. “It’s not a group I want to energize. And if they are energized I want to look into it and find out why.” Rejecting charges by some critics that his chief White House strategist Steve Bannon is a racist, Trump said: “I’ve known Steve Bannon a long time. If I thought he was a racist, or alt-right ... I wouldn’t even think about hiring him.” Critics say Bannon, a former head of the conservative Breitbart News, had made the website a forum for the alt-right, a loose grouping that rejects mainstream politics and includes neo-Nazis, white supremacists and anti-Semites. The real estate mogul said he saw no conflict in his business dealings and being president. “In theory I could run my business perfectly and then run the country perfectly. There’s never been a case like this,” Trump said. “I’d assumed that you’d have to set up some type of trust or whatever and you don’t,” he said. But he added: “I would like to do something.”      “The law’s totally on my side, the president can’t have a conflict of interest.” * DEALING WITH THE ISRAELI-PALESTINIAN CONFLICT Trump said his son-in-law and close aide, Jared Kushner, could help broker peace between Israel and the Palestinians, and that the president-elect himself could play a role in achieving what has eluded his predecessors. “I would love to be the one who made peace with Israel and the Palestinians,” Trump said. “That would be such a great achievement.” ",1
7102,North Carolina governor requests vote recount in tight race,"(Reuters) - North Carolina Governor Pat McCrory announced on Tuesday he has officially requested a recount of votes from the Nov. 8 election with official results showing him trailing his Democratic challenger, Attorney General Roy Cooper, by one-tenth of a point. The gubernatorial race in the ninth largest U.S. state remained undecided two weeks after Election Day. Officials with the State Board of Elections were continually updating results as they arrived from the state's 100 counties. (For official results see: bit.ly/2fV0APx) A recount is mandatory if the margin is less than 10,000 votes once all 100 counties have finished their canvasses, a spokesman for the election board said. As of Tuesday afternoon, Cooper’s lead was 6,187 out of 4.7 million votes cast.  The election had been widely seen as a referendum on McCrory’s support for a state law denying transgender people the right to use the public bathroom matching their gender identities, instead forcing them to use those corresponding to the gender assigned at birth. The law led to widespread boycotting of North Carolina by entertainers such as Bruce Springsteen and Itzhak Perlman while sports organizations such as the National Basketball Association and the National Collegiate Athletic Association moved major events out of state.  McCrory's request came in a letter to the election board dated Friday and made public on Tuesday. (For a copy of the letter, see: bit.ly/2f3JfEE) McCrory’s campaign has questioned the validity of the posted results, saying Cooper’s total may be inflated by votes from dead people or felons ineligible to cast a ballot. “With serious concerns of potential voter fraud emerging across the state, it is becoming more apparent that a thorough recount is one way the people of North Carolina can have confidence in the results, process and system,” McCrory said. Cooper, however, has already claimed victory. “This is nothing but a last-ditch effort from Governor McCrory to delay and deny the results of this election,” Cooper campaign manager Trey Nix said in a statement. “Roy Cooper leads by 8,569 votes – a number that is growing daily as counties finalize election results. We are confident that a recount will do nothing to change the fact that Roy Cooper has won this election.” The Cooper campaign said it came to its larger vote margin by citing election observers in each county who have tallied numbers not yet uploaded onto the election board site. ",1
7103,"Trump sinks Asia trade pact, opening the way for China to lead","TOKYO/SYDNEY (Reuters) - An ambitious Asia-Pacific trade pact linking the United States and 11 countries lay in tatters on Tuesday after U.S. President-elect Donald Trump said he would kill the deal on his first day in office on Jan. 20. Trump’s statement appeared to open the way for China to assume the United States’ leadership mantle on trade and diplomacy in Asia. The Republican termed the Trans Pacific Partnership (TPP) “a potential disaster for our country.” China, Japan and South Korea are already in the initial stages of discussing a trilateral trade deal, and Beijing has been pushing its own limited Asian regional trade pact that excludes Washington for the past five years. Japan and Australia, Washington’s closest allies in Asia, pledged after Trump’s announcement to push ahead without the United States, although removing the largest market for goods and services would shrink it dramatically. “Pushing them forward is the idea that, if they don’t act, it will look like China’s very weak trade deals are the only game in town,” said Derek Scissors, a resident scholar at the American Enterprise Institute, where he focuses on Asian economies and trade. Trump has pledged to redraw trade deals to win back American jobs, and has threatened Mexico and China with punitive tariffs in a move that some economists have warned could spark a trade war that threatens to roll back decades of liberalization. Ending the TPP was a key election pledge of Trump’s and was also the policy of his Democratic opponent, Hillary Clinton. The deal died in Congress after Trump’s Nov. 8 election victory. The Trans Pacific Partnership, a signature diplomatic initiative of Democratic President Barack Obama, was intended to lower tariff barriers in countries that accounted for 40 percent of the world economy, as well as providing a bulwark against China. A major trade deal between the United States and Europe is also now close to collapse after Britain’s plans to withdraw from the European Union prompted Washington to demand better terms and opposition in France and Germany has also all but scuppered it. Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said “the TPP would be meaningless without the United States,” even as parliament continued debating ratification and his government vowed to lobby other members to approve it.  “It (the pact) just continues in a state of not being in effect,” said Shinpei Sasaki of the Cabinet Office’s TPP headquarters. Australian Trade Minister Steven Ciobo told reporters in Canberra that countries could push ahead with the TPP without the United States by amending the agreement and possibly adding new members.  “We could look at, for example, if China or Indonesia or another country wanted to join, saying, ‘Yes, we open the door for them signing up to the agreement as well.’” But Singapore Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong said reopening negotiations would not be easy. “If you sign a fresh agreement, you have to go through it again. We haven’t crossed that bridge yet. We’ll cross it if and when we come to that.” China has pushed its own Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership (RCEP), which notably excludes the United States. It is a more traditional trade agreement, involving cutting tariffs rather than opening up economies and setting labor and environmental standards as TPP would. The RCEP was a focus of attention at the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation summit in Peru over the weekend. Tan Jian, a senior member of China’s delegation at the summit, said more countries are now seeking to join its 16-member bloc, including Peru and Chile, and current members want to reach a deal as soon as possible to counter rising protectionism. China’s foreign ministry said on Tuesday that Beijing has an “open attitude” toward any arrangements that promote free trade in the region as long they don’t become “fragmented and  politicized.” Foreign ministry spokesman Geng Shuang said the RCEP was an initiative led by the 10-member Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN), which China has been promoting. “We are willing to keep pushing the (RCEP) talks process with all sides to achieve positive progress at an early date,” he said.  Vietnam last week shelved its own ratification of TPP, after Obama abandoned efforts to push it through a lame-duck Congress, while Malaysia has shifted its attention to the RCEP. At a U.S.-China agricultural trade seminar in Washington, senior Obama administration officials and their Chinese counterparts appeared to ignore the elephant in the room: the collapse of TPP and Trump’s tough trade talk against China. U.S. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said he was focused in a U.S.-China trade negotiators meeting in Washington this week on reducing China’s regulatory and food safety barriers to American beef, poultry and genetically modified crops out of China. “There hasn’t been a discussion about the future, there’s really a focus on the present,” Vilsack said when asked about what he was telling his Chinese counterparts about the risks posed by an incoming Trump administration. Chinese Vice Premier Wang Yang did not address Trump’s trade rhetoric at the discussion in Washington, but warned that a closing of agricultural trade would be “unacceptable to our farmers.” “China is one of the most important markets for agricultural exports, accounting for nearly a fifth of U.S. agricultural exports. ... On average, every U.S. farmer exports about $12,000 of agricultural products to China” every year, Wang said. ",1
7104,Chinese official optimistic about US trade amid Trump uncertainty,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Chinese Vice Premier Wang Yang said on Tuesday that U.S. policies toward China under President-elect Donald Trump may be uncertain, but he is optimistic because of the U.S. business community’s enthusiasm for U.S.-China trade. At a luncheon with U.S. and Chinese business people and government officials, Wang said he believed that businesses and the U.S. government would ultimately make the “right choices” to take advantage of market opportunities in China’s economy. “What the U.S. government will do we will wait and see, and I think it’s difficult to predict, just like the U.S. presidential election,” Wang said through an interpreter. “The large crowd here tells us one thing. Although there will be a change in the U.S. government, the passion of the U.S. business community for economic cooperation with China has remained unchanged.” Two weeks after Trump’s stunning election on the back of anti-trade sentiment among workers in U.S. industrial states, the president-elect’s plans for managing tense relations with China remain unclear. On the campaign trail, Trump had said China is “killing us” on trade. He threatened to declare Beijing a currency manipulator, levy a 45 percent punitive tariff on all Chinese goods to reduce a massive U.S. trade deficit with China and pull out of the World Trade Organization, the global trade body that allowed China to join in 2001.     As he builds his administration, Trump has added some harsh critics of China’s trade practices to his transition team, including Dan DiMicco, a former chief executive officer of steel giant Nucor Corp (NUE.N) and Washington trade lawyer Robert Lighthizer, a former trade negotiator during the Ronald Reagan administration.     Wang made his remarks at the start of a round of talks of the U.S.-China Joint Commission on Commerce and Trade (JCCT), which include officials from the two countries who focus on technical issues such as safety and regulatory approvals that can become barriers to trade. Wang said the JCCT and other forums such as the cabinet-level Strategic and Economic Dialogue talks promoted by the Obama administration have helped to reduce trade tensions between the world’s two largest economies.    Wang also said China would continue to offer major opportunities to American companies, including buying more than $8 trillion in total imports over the next five years. China also anticipates $500 billion in foreign direct investment from all countries and investing $720 billion overseas, while 600 million Chinese are expected to travel overseas in the same period, he said. “This will generate enormous business opportunities for the companies of all countries including the United States,” Wang said. “I think in the face of a emerging big market like China, the American companies and government will make the right choices.”     Major problems in the U.S.-China relationship would be bad for both economies as well as the global economy, he added. ",1
7105,"Italy to push Iran trade ties, undaunted by Trump","ROME (Reuters) - Italy’s industry minister pledged on Tuesday to support business deals with Iran potentially worth billions of dollars, undeterred by fears U.S. President-elect Donald Trump could put slowly thawing international relations back on ice. Iran re-joined the global trading system in January after a multilateral deal between world powers, and Italian firms eagerly started drawing up commercial agreements.     Trump has raised the prospect the United States could pull out of the pact, which lifted many sanctions in exchange for limiting the Islamic Republic’s nuclear ambitions, leaving European diplomats fearing the change of leadership at the White House could thwart growing trade. But Italian Industry Minister Carlo Calenda said he would continue to work to strengthen trade ties, and travel to Iran in early 2017 along with Economy Minister Pier Carlo Padoan.  The issue of funding investment, which Tehran complains has been held up by continued U.S. sanctions restricting Iran’s access to the international banking and financial system, would be high on the agenda, he said.                  “The central issue is to make financing channels work fully, so that all the good projects we have can become reality,” Calenda said at a trade fair in Rome for Iranian companies. Calenda said it was too early to say how the picture could change under Trump’s leadership, but in the interests of the countries involved “I think there is the absolute necessity to implement the (nuclear) agreement and move forward that way”. Asked whether any of the collaboration agreements made so far, which have involved oil services group Saipem (SPMI.MI) and steel firm Danieli (DANI.MI), were at risk, Calenda said: “No, I don’t think so.” Iran denies that its nuclear program has military aims.  ",1
7106,Obama's not-so-secret admirer: Donald Trump,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama has a new fan: Donald Trump. After lambasting Obama for months as a failed leader unfit to be president, the Republican president-elect found kinder words on Tuesday for the man he will succeed in the White House on Jan. 20 “I didn’t know if I’d like him. I probably thought that maybe I wouldn’t, but I did. I really enjoyed him a lot,” Trump said in an interview with the New York Times. Obama, a Democrat, met with Trump at the Oval Office on Nov. 10, two days after the presidential election. White House spokesman Josh Earnest said earlier on Tuesday the two had spoken again since then, citing Obama’s commitment to a smooth transfer of power, but offered no other details.  “I had a great meeting with President Obama,” Trump told the Times. “I really liked him a lot.” Obama, who had his own harsh words for Trump as he campaigned for Democrat Hillary Clinton, has made clear he would put the bitterness of the campaign aside to ensure a smooth transition of power and protect a pillar of American democracy. Trump told the newspaper that Obama talked to him about what he considered the country’s biggest problems, one problem in particular that the president-elect did not mention, according to Twitter posts by Times reporters. Trump, who has vowed to undo a number of initiatives Obama holds dear, appeared conciliatory toward the president whose U.S. citizenship he had long questioned. “He said very nice things after the meeting and I said very nice things about him,” Trump said of Obama, according to the Times. ",1
7107,Peru proposes talks to save TPP after Trump firms up opposition,"LIMA (Reuters) - Peru proposed new talks to ensure the U.S.-proposed Trans-Pacific Partnership will be implemented after Donald Trump vowed to withdraw the United States from the sweeping trade deal on the first day of his administration. Trade Minister Eduardo Ferreyros, who last week urged the world not to “box in” Trump on his campaign stance toward the TPP, said the U.S. President-elect’s comments on Monday had “dramatically changed the panorama.” “But in my opinion it doesn’t kill it. We can work on it, change it” so its implementation does not hinge on U.S. ratification, Ferreyros said in an interview late on Monday with local TV channel Canal N. The TPP, signed by the United States, Peru and 10 other Pacific rim countries early this year, was written so it cannot go into effect without ratification from the United States, which has framed the pact as a way to counter China’s rise in the fast-growing Asia Pacific. “We can modify that clause and also take advantage to modify other clauses that might be uncomfortable for us,” said Ferreyros. Asked if China could join the TPP, Ferreyros said yes but that Beijing would have to show interest first. China has been promoting a rival regional free trade deal, the Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership (RCEP), that includes India but is not expected to include steep tariff reductions or strong protections for workers, the environment or intellectual property, according to the administration of outgoing U.S. President Barack Obama. Beijing said Sunday that high standards in multilateral trade deals discourages participation from developing economies. On Tuesday, Peru announced it had signed a memorandum of understanding with China to work on an update of their 6-year-old bilateral free trade deal, which currently excludes textile and garment sectors. Trump, who has described multilateral free trade deals as bad for U.S. manufacturing jobs, on Monday formally declared his intent to withdraw from the deal on his first day in office, appearing to open a path for China to assume the leadership mantle on trade and diplomacy in Asia. ",1
7108,Trump’s foundation says it violated 'self-dealing' ban: IRS forms,"(Reuters) - U.S. Republican President-elect Donald Trump’s charitable foundation said it violated a ban on so-called “self-dealing” by transferring income or assets to a “disqualified person,” according to a copy of its 2015 tax filings made public this week. The Donald J. Trump Foundation’s Internal Revenue Service forms, first reported by The Washington Post on Tuesday, showed that the organization said “yes” when asked if it had transferred “any income or assets to a disqualified person. Asked if it had violated the ban on so-called self-dealing in prior years, the foundation also said “yes,” according to the forms, also viewed by Reuters.  According to the IRS, self-dealing can include the “transfer to, or use by or for the benefit of a disqualified person of the asset of a foundation,” except for certain exemptions. On the forms, Trump’s foundation said “yes” when asked if any of the income or assets transfers failed to qualify as IRS exemptions.   The 30-page filing was signed by the foundation’s treasurer, Donald Bender, but not dated, and it was unclear whether they had been filed with the IRS. Representatives for Trump and the foundation did not immediately respond to requests for comment. The forms were posted late on Monday on the website for Guidestar, which tracks nonprofit organizations, according to the Post, which also said it could not confirm whether the forms had actually been sent to the IRS. On Oct. 4, New York state Attorney General Eric Schneiderman ordered the foundation to immediately stop fundraising in the state, accusing it of having violated a state law requiring charitable organizations that solicit outside donations to register with his office’s Charities Bureau.  The order followed a series of reports in the Post that suggested improprieties by the foundation, including using its funds to settle legal disputes involving Trump businesses. The Post said Trump might have violated IRS rules against “self-dealing” by using foundation money to purchase two portraits of himself, which were then hung at his private golf clubs in New York and Florida. Trump’s campaign suggested that the probe launched by Schneiderman, a Democrat, was politically motivated.",1
7109,Trump condemns alt-right gathering in Washington: New York Times,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump on Tuesday condemned an alt-right conference in Washington over the weekend where some members performed a Hitler salute and yelled “Hail Trump!” after a speech about white nationalism. “I condemn them. I disavow, and I condemn,” Trump said in a New York Times interview in New York, according to a reporter’s Twitter post. ",1
7110,"Mexico sees trade deals in TPP leftovers, flags China opportunity","MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexico said on Tuesday the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) could form the basis for bilateral trade deals between signatories, and saw a bigger role for China on world trade after U.S. President-elect Donald Trump vowed to withdraw from the accord. On Monday, Trump set out plans for his first day in office, including withdrawing from TPP. He called it a “potential disaster” for the United States, which he argues has lost thousands of manufacturing jobs due to poor trade policy. Mexico’s Economy Minister Ildefonso Guajardo, who has just returned from meetings with policymakers at the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit in Lima, said if Washington stepped back from free trade, it would open the door to China. “If one power exits a space, you can bet another will step in,” he told reporters at an event in Mexico City. Chinese President Xi Jinping also attended the APEC meeting, where he told the world “here we are” on free trade and pledged to keep opening its economy to other countries, Guajardo said. Mexico has said it wants to press ahead with TPP regardless of whether the United States ratifies the 12 nation accord signed in February, though Guajardo said the existing agreement could form the basis for bilateral deals. The minister also said Mexico could weigh the merits of the China-backed Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership (RCEP), a rival pact that excludes the United States. “Mexico has to have a means of integrating itself with the Asia-Pacific (region),” Guajardo said. Trump has also threatened to ditch the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) between Mexico, United States and Canada, raising pressure on Mexico to reduce dependency on the United States, where it sends 80 percent of its goods exports. Latin America’s second biggest economy runs a sizeable trade deficit with Asia’s main trading nations, especially China. However, the government could face resistance from Mexican manufacturers to opening up to China, as the two countries compete directly in many sectors to export to the United States. ",1
7111,Trump says keeping 'open mind' on climate change: New York Times,"(Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump said on Tuesday he thinks there is some connection between climate change and human activity and “clean air is vitally important,” a New York Times reporter said in a tweet. Trump, who met Times reporters and editors in New York, “says he is keeping ‘an open mind’” on the issue, the Times’ reporter wrote on Twitter.  Trump has previously called man-made global warming a hoax. “I think there is some connectivity” between humans and climate change, Trump said in the Times interview. ",1
7112,Trump lukewarm on opening Clinton probes: New York Times,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump showed little appetite for instigating investigations of former Democratic presidential rival Hillary Clinton, although he did not take the option off the table, according to tweets from a New York Times reporter. Trump said “no” when asked if he would rule out investigating Clinton over her family’s charity or her use of a private email server while U.S. secretary of state, according to Twitter posts during his interview with the newspaper.  But he said he did not want to “hurt the Clintons” and wants to move on. “I’m not looking to go back and go through this,” Trump said, according to the Times reporter. ",1
7113,"Chile's foreign minister: TPP not dead, despite Trump comments","SANTIAGO (Reuters) - Countries involved in the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade pact will continue working to bring a deal to fruition despite a pledge by U.S. President-elect Donald Trump to withdraw from the accord, Chile’s foreign minister said on Tuesday. “Whether it be with the United States or without the United States, there’s a willingness among the countries that make up the TPP to move forward,” Heraldo Munoz told a news conference ahead of a visit by Chinese President Xi Jinping to the South American nation. “Whether it’s to be the same framework as the current TPP, that remains to be seen.” On Monday, Trump released a video pledging to withdraw from the TPP on his first day in office, calling it “a potential disaster” for the United States.  World leaders have had varying reactions to Trump’s comments, with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe saying during a visit to Buenos Aires that U.S. abandonment of the deal would render it “meaningless.” The future of the 12-nation deal, which does not include China, was one of the key themes of summit talks between leaders of Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) economies in Lima in recent days. There is debate over to what extent a U.S.-free TPP might  advance without a complete renegotiation. China has been pushing its own alternative trade pact, which excludes the Americas, although it has said other countries including Chile are interested in joining. The Chinese premier was due to arrive in Santiago on Tuesday, where he will meet with Chilean President Michelle Bachelet and speak at the United Nations’ Latin American arm, ECLAC. Munoz said China and Chile plan to sign an agreement to deepen bilateral trade ties during Xi’s visit. In a column in national newspaper El Mercurio published on Tuesday, Xi wrote that Chile and China should work together to facilitate free trade and business ties in areas such as mining, agriculture, infrastructure, telecommunications, clean energy and IT. ",1
7114,Trump's daughter Ivanka joined call with Argentina's Macri,"BUENOS AIRES (Reuters) - Ivanka Trump, daughter of U.S. President-elect Donald Trump, briefly joined her father’s telephone call with Argentine President Mauricio Macri earlier this month, Macri’s spokesman said on Tuesday. The two men spoke on Nov. 14, making Macri one of few Latin American leaders who had spoken with Trump in the days following his surprise victory in the U.S. presidential election. The call was aimed at rekindling a relationship formed when they worked as businessmen before entering politics.     “At the end of the president’s call with Trump, the phone was passed to Ivanka so he could say hello. They have known each other since she was quite young,” the spokesman said in an emailed response to a question about the call from Reuters. The congratulatory call was aimed at re-establishing the “personal bond” that the two men formed while doing business together, Argentine Foreign Minister Susana Malcorra said, although Macri had publicly expressed his preference for Democrat Hillary Clinton in the Nov. 8 election. The Macri spokesman denied reports in the Argentine press on Monday that during the call Trump mentioned a pending office tower project that the real estate mogul has been trying to get approved by city regulators in Buenos Aires.  Photographs taken inside a meeting room at Trump Tower last week showed Trump was also accompanied by Ivanka and her husband Jared Kushner when he met with Japan’s Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. The son of one of the richest men in Argentina, Macri ended 12 years of leftist rule in Latin America’s third-largest economy when he took office last December. He was one of the regional presidents who have worked hardest to improve relations with the United States under President Barack Obama. Macri met Trump decades ago while working for his father, Francisco Macri. According to a book by the elder Macri, his son beat Trump in a golf game during a complicated real estate deal in New York in the 1980s, and Trump broke his clubs after the game in frustration. ",1
7115,Britain to Trump: 'No vacancy' for Farage as ambassador,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain on Tuesday dismissed U.S. President-elect Donald Trump’s unprecedented expression of support for Brexit campaigner Nigel Farage to be made British ambassador to Washington, saying pointedly that there is no vacancy for the job. Trump, who after his election victory met Farage before any EU leaders, said on Twitter that “many people” would like to see the former metals trader turned politician as Britain’s ambassador. “Many people would like to see @Nigel_Farage represent Great Britain as their Ambassador to the United States. He would do a great job!” Trump said. Prime Minister Theresa May, who congratulated Trump on his victory, was swift to reject such an undiplomatic proposal, with a spokesman saying Britain already had an excellent ambassador to Washington and that London would appoint its own envoys. “We have first rate ambassador in Washington,” Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson, who campaigned for Brexit, told the British parliament. “There is no vacancy for that position.” It is highly unusual in the modern era for leaders to publicly suggest to foreign nations whom they would like to see as ambassador, though during strained relations they sometimes reject or expel envoys. Trump’s suggestion provoked anger, support and even hilarity in Britain, with one lawmaker, Conservative Simon Burns, joking  that perhaps Britain should suggest Hillary Clinton as its preferred choice as ambassador to London. But the apparent public suggestion about who to appoint as ambassador by the man who will lead Britain’s most powerful ally puts Prime Minister May in a difficult position just as she tries to build ties with Washington ahead of leaving the EU. London is trying to gauge whether Trump would support a special trade deal with Britain as it negotiates a divorce from the EU. Britain also places great store on what it calls its “special relationship” with the United States. Farage, who spent decades campaigning for Britain to leave the European Union and helped force former Prime Minister David Cameron to call the June referendum that brought the Brexit vote, spoke at a Trump rally during the U.S. campaign and visited the president-elect after his victory. As leader of the UK Independence Party (UKIP) and one of the key figures of the successful Brexit campaign, Farage has repeatedly angered EU leaders by predicting the collapse of the EU, which he says is run by an out-of-touch elite of “idiots”. Farage said Trump’s suggestion that he serve as ambassador had come “like a bolt from the blue” but Trump understood loyalty in a way that those in the “cesspit” of career politics did not.  “I am in a good position with the President-elect’s support to help. The world has changed and it’s time that Downing Street did too,” Farage said in an article written for the Breitbart news website. “I would do anything to help our national interest and to help cement ties with the incoming Anglophile administration,” Farage said. A photograph of Trump greeting Farage in front of a gilded elevator shortly after the U.S. election caused consternation in EU capitals, many of whom view Trump with a mixture of fear and puzzlement. His suggestion of Farage also provoked anger among some British lawmakers. “Many people think you should mind your own business and talk about pussy-grabbing less, but hey, life is a constant disappointment,” Jess Phillips, a lawmaker for the opposition Labour Party, said on Twitter in a reference to Trump’s previous vulgar comments about groping women.  Accused by his critics of being a racist and a bigot, Farage peppers his speeches with jokes and the odd expletive while railing against what he calls the doomed European superstate and immigration into Britain. He is a member of the European parliament but has failed in his efforts to win election to the British parliament. Farage said Trump would be a great president after “the political revolution” that brought Brexit in Britain and Trump to power in the United States. “In the United Kingdom the people have spoken but the players at the top have, I am afraid, stayed the same,” Farage, 52, said.  “Those who supported Remain now hold senior positions. Worst still, those who were openly abusive about Trump now pretend to be his friend,” said Farage.  Farage has urged May to build ties with Trump, who provoked criticism in Britain with his call for a temporary ban on Muslims entering the United States. Queen Elizabeth might invite Trump for a state visit to Britain next year. Farage made light of allegations of sexual assault against Trump during the U.S. campaign by encouraging him to “come and schmooze” May but adding “don’t touch her for goodness sake”. When U.S. President Barack Obama said before the referendum that Britain would be at the back of the queue for a trade deal, Farage said it was disgraceful to intervene in the sovereign affairs of Britain.  In a radio interview after the U.S. election, Farage described the U.S. president as: “That Obama creature – a loathsome individual who couldn’t stand our country.” The way ambassadors are chosen in the United States and Europe differ significantly. It is common practice for the United States to appoint celebrities or campaign donors as envoys, for example when Richard Nixon appointed Shirley Temple as his envoy to Ghana in 1974. European states mostly appoint career diplomats or officials with long experience as ambassadors. Kim Darroch, the current British ambassador in Washington, did not reply to emails from Reuters requesting comment on Trump’s remarks. His email bounced back with an out of office reply saying that the ambassador was traveling.   ",1
7116,Should I stay or should I go? U.S. civil servants gird for Trump,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Donald Trump’s surprise victory in the U.S. presidential election has set off a round of resume-polishing across Washington, as the nation’s federal civil servants prepare for a leader who has promised to freeze hiring and reverse many of the policies they have spent the past eight years putting in place.  While anti-Washington rhetoric is a staple of U.S. politics, more than two dozen federal workers interviewed by Reuters said Trump’s divisive presidential campaign pointed to bigger potential problems than those that would normally come with a routine switch from a Democratic to a Republican administration.     The New York businessman’s lack of political experience and contentious rhetoric have prompted some to assess whether they should leave government before he takes office on Jan. 20.     As the Republican presidential candidate, Trump encouraged his supporters to harass journalists and attack protesters. He vowed to sue news outlets and women who accused him of sexual assault and said he would jail his opponent, Democrat Hillary Clinton. Trump’s conduct has caused some undercover agents to worry that their identities could be made public if they step out of line, said Susan Hennessey, a former attorney at the National Security Agency who has been urging people in government to keep working in Trump’s administration to help resist potential abuses of power. “I can’t and don’t blame anyone who feels they can’t stay,” she said. Other federal workers worry their integrity could be compromised if they work on cases that affect Trump’s vast business interests. Trump’s taxes are being audited by the Internal Revenue Service and the National Labor Relations Board is involved in a labor dispute at his Las Vegas hotel. Changes to tax laws or pollution rules could potentially impact some of his property holdings. “Do I get out or is it all the more important that I stay in to push back on the problematic things?” said one federal worker, who, like others interviewed for this story, asked not to be identified for fear of retaliation at work. A transfer of power always convulses Washington to some degree, particularly when it comes to the departure and arrival of political appointees in more than 4,000 posts. Those top officials oversee 2.7 million civilian workers, from park rangers to tax lawyers, who are expected to enact the president’s agenda and enforce laws passed by Congress regardless of their personal political views. But several workers told Reuters they’d rather leave government service than carry out orders they don’t agree with, pointing specifically at Trump’s vow to undo President Barack Obama’s policies on trade, immigration, health care and environmental protection.  National security officials have printed out their resignation letters, ready to hand them in if Trump tries to revive policies such as waterboarding or mass surveillance of Americans they oppose on legal or moral grounds, according to  more than 20 military, intelligence and Foreign Service officers, who all spoke on condition of anonymity. Regulators at the Environmental Protection Agency privately say they are looking for new jobs ahead of expected cutbacks at their agency, whose climate-change rules were criticized by Trump on the campaign trail.  One manager is urging employees to stay on the job. “Sometimes democracy surprises you.  And while the election results will no doubt bring many changes over the coming months, our job remains the same,” Sarah Dunham, director of the Environmental Protection Agency’s Office of Atmospheric Programs, wrote to colleagues two days after the election. Misgivings apparently extend into the nation’s 1.5 million military service members as well. A survey released by the Military Times on Friday found that one in five service members said they will not re-enlist with Trump as Commander-in-chief. During his campaign, Trump promised to rescind two regulations for every new one his administration issues and freeze hiring at agencies that don’t cover public safety, public health or national defense. Republicans in Congress have pushed to erode job protections and scale back benefits. That would be a further blow for federal workers who have weathered furloughs, salary freezes and a three-week government shutdown in recent years. The civilian work force has shrunk by 4 percent since Obama’s first year in office, according to White House figures, and it could shrink further. More than one-third of federal workers will be eligible for retirement next year, according to a 2014 Government Accountability Office report. “This isn’t the worst thing that’s happened to us,” said a scientist who manages a fisheries laboratory in the Pacific Northwest of the expected changes. “It’s kind of continual.” There may be a silver lining for those who are trying to get a job working for Uncle Sam. Trump has promised to increase the number of border-security agents and immigration-enforcement officers as part of a crackdown on illegal immigration. And several managers said they were rushing to fill vacancies on their teams before Trump’s promised hiring ban takes effect.  “Everybody seems to be scrambling to fill the positions they have open now,” one said. ",1
7117,Britain's Johnson: We will stress importance of free trade and NATO to Trump,"LONDON (Reuters) - Foreign minister Boris Johnson said on Tuesday Britain must underline the importance of free trade and the NATO military alliance to U.S. President-elect Donald Trump as the government looks to build a relationship with his administration. “It is of course vital that we get over the message that NATO and Article 5 of NATO has been the guarantor of peace and stability in our continent for the last 70 years,” Johnson said. “That is a point, I think, that is well understood in Washington, but which we will repeat.” He also said it was vital to get over the importance of trade, free enterprise and of “sticking up for the values that I believe unite our two countries.” ",1
7118,"'We appoint our ambassadors', says UK PM's spokesman","LONDON (Reuters) - Britain has an “incredibly strong and enduring” relationship with the United States and will build on it when Donald Trump takes office as president, a spokesman for Prime Minister Theresa May said on Tuesday. Trump said on Twitter that “many people” would like to see Brexit campaigner Nigel Farage as British ambassador to Washington, a break with usual diplomatic protocol and an appeal that was quickly dismissed by British officials. “We have an excellent ambassador to the United States and he will continue in his work,” the spokesman told reporters, pointing out the ambassador only took office this year and normally the job is held for at least four years. “We appoint our ambassadors,” he added. ",1
7119,UK's Mr Brexit says no vacancy for ambassador to United States,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain’s Brexit Secretary David Davis said on Tuesday there was no vacancy for the job of ambassador to Washington as the incumbent was very good. U.S. President-elect Donald Trump said many people would like to see Brexit campaigner Nigel Farage as British ambassador to Washington. “People can say what they like but the simple truth is there’s no vacancy. The ambassador there is very very good, as we’ve seen,” Davis told the BBC. “We believe in free speech - we have a very good ambassador in Washington, Kim Darroch, and he’ll be there for years,” Davis said. Darroch did not reply to requests for comment.  ",1
7120,U.S. Holocaust museum alarmed over 'hateful speech' by white nationalists,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum expressed alarm on Monday over “hateful speech” at a white nationalist meeting over the weekend, and a restaurant apologized for hosting the group after a woman tweeted a picture of herself making a Nazi salute. The National Policy Institute, a think tank that is part of the alt-right movement that includes neo-Nazis, white supremacists and anti-Semites, held a gathering at the federally owned Ronald Reagan Building on Saturday. The alt-right movement came to the fore during the U.S. presidential election. President-elect Donald Trump has drawn criticism for naming Steve Bannon, former head of a website linked to the alt-right, as his chief White House strategist.  Trump’s transition team issued a statement on Monday saying Trump has continued to denounce racism, CNN reported. “President-elect Trump has continued to denounce racism of any kind and he was elected because he will be a leader for every American,” Trump-Pence Transition spokesman Bryan Lanza said in a statement.  The gathering on Saturday drew scores of protesters who blocked traffic around the building to express their outrage over the meeting.  A video by The Atlantic taken inside the conference showed Richard Spencer, leader of the National Policy Institute, shouting, “Hail Trump, hail our people, hail victory!” as some of the people in attendance lifted their hands in a Nazi salute. “The Holocaust did not begin with killings: it began with words,” the Holocaust Memorial Museum said in a statement. “The museum calls on all American citizens, our religious and civic leaders and the leadership of all branches of the government to confront racist thinking and divisive hateful speech.” Some of those who attended the nationalist meeting later gathered for a banquet at Maggiano’s Little Italy restaurant in northwest Washington. Protesters converged on the site and prompted the restaurant to close to protect the safety of staff and guests, the management said in an apology on Facebook. The restaurant said the booking was a last-minute affair made under a different name, so staff were unaware that the National Policy Institute was dining there and did not know what the group represented. “After the event, an attendee sent a tweet in which she made a ‘Seig Heil salute’ in support of Hitler and white supremacy. This expression of support of Hitler is extremely offensive to us, as our restaurant is home to teammates and guests of every race, religion and cultural background,” the Facebook post said. The restaurant apologized to the surrounding neighborhood and said it was donating the profits from its sales on Friday, $10,000, to the Washington office of the Anti-Defamation League, a Jewish civil rights group. The Ronald Reagan Building, the biggest structure in the U.S. capital city, is federally owned, but run by Trade Center Management Associates, a unit of Drew Co., a Boston real estate development company. The firm defended allowing the nationalist group to use the venue. It said in a statement that its contract mandates that unless there is a security threat by an organization or person who asks for meeting space, the building is available for rental. The agenda of the National Policy Institute’s Saturday meeting included a breakdown of the 2016 election and plans for the growth of the alt-right. The nonprofit Southern Poverty Law Center, which tracks hate groups, described Spencer as an “academic racist” who backs creation of an Aryan homeland. Twitter Inc suspended several accounts linked to the alt-right last week, including Spencer’s.  The move followed the microblogging service’s announcement that it would upgrade some features to better combat cyber-bullying. ",1
7121,Court says Republican gerrymandering in Wisconsin was unconstitutional,"MILWAUKEE (Reuters) - Republicans in Wisconsin tilted district maps in their favor in order to hamper Democrats and ultimately win state elections in 2012 and 2014, a federal court said on Monday in a case that could influence future rulings on gerrymandering. The United States District Court for the Western District of Wisconsin decided 2-1 that Act 43, a redrawing of districts approved by the state’s Republican-led legislature in 2012, violated the U.S. Constitution, court documents showed.  “We find that the discriminatory effect is not explained by the political geography of Wisconsin nor is it justified by a legitimate state interest,” the court wrote in its ruling. The case has no bearing on Donald Trump’s victory in Wisconsin in the presidential election on Nov. 8, in which he defeated Democrat Hillary Clinton. Wisconsin Attorney General Brad Schimel said in a statement that he planned to appeal, which would send the case to the U.S. Supreme Court. A ruling there on gerrymandering - the practice of manipulating electoral boundaries for political advantage - could have wide implications across the country as similar cases in Maryland and North Carolina work their way through lower courts.     “This is a big victory for those who want to see courts rein in partisan gerrymandering. But it is anybody’s guess what happens to this when it gets to the Supreme Court,” wrote Richard Hasen, an elections law expert at the University of California, Irvine, on his blog. Since 2010, Republicans have more than doubled their control of state legislatures. They now control both legislative chambers in a record 32 states, the New York Times reported. “Republicans win elections because we have better candidates and a better message that continues to resonate with the voters,” said Republican Assembly Speaker Robin Vos in a statement. Twelve Wisconsin voters argued in their lawsuit that Republicans redrew maps in 2011 to divide Democratic voters so they fall short of a majority in districts and to concentrate Democratic voters into districts so they win by overwhelming margins and dilute votes of Democrats statewide, according to the ruling.   Despite receiving 51 percent of the votes statewide in 2012, Democrats won only 39 of 99 Assembly seats. In 2014, Republicans won roughly the same percentage of votes statewide, but won 63 seats, a 24-seat disparity, judges wrote.  The Wisconsin case hinged on a new way to measure the discriminatory effect of gerrymandering. The “efficiency gap” measure found the redistricting in Wisconsin caused Democrats to waste more votes than Republicans.     The measure gives judges “a clear threshold for deciding what is acceptable”, Barry Burden, the director of the Elections Research Center at the University of Wisconsin-Madison, told the New York Times. ",1
7122,UKIP's Farage: I can help UK build ties with Trump,"LONDON (Reuters) - Leading Brexit campaigner Nigel Farage said on Tuesday he was in a good position to help Britain build ties with Donald Trump after the U.S. President-elect tweeted that Farage should be British ambassador to Washington. “I have known several of the Trump team for years and I am in a good position with the President-elect’s support to help,” Farage, leader of the opposition UK Independence Party (UKIP), wrote in a column for the Breitbart website. “The world has changed and it’s time that Downing Street did too,” he said, referring to Prime Minister Theresa May’s office. Downing Street earlier said there was “no vacancy” for an ambassador to the United States and an excellent one was already in place. Trump, who after his election victory met Farage ahead of any EU leaders, had said on Twitter that “many people” would like to see the UKIP leader, who is on very bad terms with the ruling Conservatives, as Britain’s ambassador. ",1
7123,Trump says Brexiteer Farage would be a good British ambassador to U.S.,"LONDON (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump said many people would like to see Brexit campaigner Nigel Farage as British ambassador to Washington. “Many people would like to see @Nigel_Farage represent Great Britain as their Ambassador to the United States. He would do a great job!” Trump said on Twitter. Farage, one of the leaders of the successful referendum fight for Britain to leave the European Union, spoke at a Trump rally during the U.S. campaign and visited the president-elect after his victory. “Brexit Britain means huge global opportunities. One of the first places the UK should start is in the U.S. with Donald Trump,” Farage said shortly after his meeting with Trump. ",1
7124,"Trump's NAFTA revamp would require concessions, may borrow from TPP","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump’s plan to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) to make it “a lot better” for U.S. workers would not be a one-way street for his administration, as Canada and Mexico prepare their own list of demands that could require difficult U.S. concessions. The 22-year-old NAFTA and other trade deals became lightning rods for voter anger in the U.S. industrial heartland states that swept Trump to power this month.  Trump — who on Monday vowed to file notice of his intent to quit an Asia-Pacific trade deal on his first day in office — has pledged to leave NAFTA if it can’t be improved to his liking. But he has said little about what improvements he wants, apart from halting the migration of U.S. factories and jobs to Mexico. Trade experts, academics and government officials say Canada and Mexico would also seek tough concessions and that NAFTA’s zero-tariff rate would be extremely difficult to alter. And any renegotiation would likely take several years. “In a renegotiation, one side can come in with requests, but the other side is going to expect concessions,” said Wendy Cutler, a former deputy U.S. Trade Representative (USTR). “We need to know what we’re going to ask for and what we can give.” When Cutler helped renegotiate a stalled trade deal with South Korea in 2010, USTR won concessions for U.S. automakers, but at the expense of a longer phase-out on steep Korean pork tariffs and allowing Korea to largely maintain a health care reimbursement system that favors domestic generic drugmakers. Trump, who during the campaign called NAFTA the “worst trade deal ever” and threatened to levy a 35-percent tariff on Mexican-assembled autos and other goods, would have a hard time raising U.S. tariffs without scrapping the agreement, trade experts say. “There is no precedent in free trade negotiations for one side raising tariffs more than the other,” said Chad Bown, a senior fellow at the Peterson Institute of International Economics in Washington. “If U.S. workers are more expensive than Mexican workers, the only way to level the playing field is to do things that raise costs in Mexico,” Bown said.   Negotiating stronger environmental and labor protections would be one way of doing this, as it would increase manufacturing costs in a lower-income country like Mexico. The Trump transition leader for trade, Dan Dimicco, declined Reuters’ requests for comment. DiMicco, who is under consideration to be Trump’s top trade negotiator, is a former chief executive of steel giant Nucor Corp. who has long fought for protections against unfairly traded imports. In a YouTube video message published on Monday, Trump vowed to quit the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP), a proposed 12-country Pacific-rim trade bloc. Although the TPP terms were settled more than a year ago, the pact was never taken up by U.S. Republican leaders in Congress due in part to anti-free-trade rhetoric in the presidential campaign.      Calling it a “a potential disaster for our country”, Trump said his administration would instead negotiate “fair, bilateral trade deals that bring jobs and industry back onto American shores.”  His comments would appear to snuff out any hopes among other TPP countries that the pact championed by President Barack Obama could be revived under the new administration. Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto said at a Pacific Rim summit on Saturday that he would be willing to discuss NAFTA with Trump to “modernize” the treaty — but not renegotiate existing provisions. He said that modernization could include adding environmental, labor and other provisions that weren’t contemplated when NAFTA was being negotiated in the early 1990s. Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, who met with Pena Nieto on the APEC sidelines, said he was “keeping our options open” on trade discussions with the U.S. president-elect.    But if NAFTA is reopened, Canada will insist that any renegotiation bring an end to a decades-old dispute over Canadian exports of softwood lumber, said David MacNaughton, Canada’s ambassador to the United States. U.S. producers claim the Canadian wood is unfairly subsidized because it comes from federal lands and have threatened to seek billions of dollars in tariffs, which Canadian officials say would make a “mockery” of free trade. For Mexico’s part, any concessions that would favor U.S. industrial goods could be met with demands to increase U.S. import quotas for Mexican sugar and protections for Mexico’s potato crop. And both Mexico and Canada would likely demand greater access to compete for U.S. public sector procurements, now largely protected by “Buy America” laws. A major Trump administration infrastructure spending program would make this a more enticing target, Cutler said. Since NAFTA was enacted, total U.S. trade with Canada and Mexico has quadrupled to $1.3 trillion a year, but the U.S. combined goods trade deficit with Canada and Mexico has grown from $9.1 billion in 1993 to $76.2 billion in 2015. (Graphic showing trend in U.S. trade deficit, imports: tmsnrt.rs/2gajLSa) NAFTA’s effect on U.S. jobs is disputed. Critics such as the left-leaning Economic Policy Institute charge that it has led to the loss of some 850,000 U.S. manufacturing jobs, while proponents such as the U.S. Chamber of Commerce claim the trade growth has added a net 5 million jobs in the United States.   The non-partisan Congressional Research Service concluded that NAFTA has had only a small positive effect on U.S. growth, but has helped U.S. manufacturers become more competitive due to more efficient supply chains.      A renegotiated NAFTA could, ironically, end up borrowing key elements from the TPP to stiffen provisions on environment, labor and digital economy standards, trade experts said. Mexico and Canada have already agreed in the TPP to “fully enforceable” labor and environmental improvements, meaning that punitive duties could be imposed on countries that don’t comply — a major step-up from NAFTA. TPP also included provisions governing e-commerce and cross-border data flows — sectors that barely existed as NAFTA was negotiated in the early 1990s — to better protect intellectual property and ensure a free and open internet. Officials in all three countries say NAFTA needs modernization in this area. Trump economic advisers Peter Navarro and Wilbur Ross have suggested, however, that the TPP environmental, health and safety standards aren’t strong enough.  In an economic white paper and various opinion pieces, Navarro, a University of California-Irvine business professor and Ross, a billionaire private equity investor who is being considered by Trump to lead the Commerce Department, said they want future U.S. trade deals to include “prompt triggers and automatic renegotiation if trade gains are not distributed fairly.” They also want “ironclad sanctions” against currency manipulation, and “zero tolerance” for intellectual property theft. “In any negotiation or renegotiation, our guiding principle should be this: Enter into a free trade agreement only if it both increases total trade and reduces our trade deficit,” they wrote. ",1
7125,"Trump foreign policies could hurt, help his business empire","LONDON (Reuters) - Any moves by Donald Trump to ban Muslims from entering the United States or bring back waterboarding to interrogate suspects could have repercussions for some of his sprawling foreign business interests — from his golf course in Scotland to luxury resorts in Indonesia. A review of press releases published on the Trump Organization website shows that 15 of 25 new acquisitions or joint ventures announced over the past five years were overseas. These include the purchase of golf courses in Ireland and Scotland and deals to license his name to developers and manufacturers in Dubai, Indonesia, India, Azerbaijan, Brazil, Mexico and Panama. The deals underscore the potential conflicts of interest Trump will face after he is sworn in as president on Jan. 20 and his vulnerability to criticism that he is open to foreign influence. Foreign governments could potentially seek to exploit Trump’s business interests to affect his decision making, or to punish him through his pocket book for decisions they object to. Trump’s transition team declined to comment for this story. In the 16 months to May, Trump earned up to $23 million from licensing his name to developers in emerging markets, according to a filing with the U.S. Office of Government Ethics. “The licensing deals are the best of all because there’s no risk,” Trump told Reuters in an interview in June. “I have 121 deals right now, going forward, right now, 121, all over the world, in China, in Indonesia,” he added. (Trump's foreign business interests: tmsnrt.rs/2gakiTQ) Trump has said he will hand control of his company to his children.  However, when he met with his Indian business partners last week it prompted a chorus of criticism that the wall between Trump and his company was still too porous. The Trump Organization has said a business structure will be set up that complies with “all applicable rules and regulations.” Trump has yet to commit to setting up a blind trust that would formally sever his ties with his business.  “I’m very confident he’s not breaking any laws,” Kellyanne Conway, a senior adviser to Trump, told reporters at Trump Tower in New York on Monday. Trump could face a backlash against his business interests in Middle Eastern and Asian markets if he follows through with his campaign promise to ban Muslims from entering the United States, and continues to be open to restoring waterboarding - a form of interrogation widely viewed as torture - or creating a national registry for Muslims, analysts said. “If the Muslim registry is introduced, he will have serious issues finding Muslim local partners,” said Professor Koen Pauwels, a marketing specialist at Ozyegin University, Istanbul. There would be a “backlash” if Trump substantially tightens visa restrictions on Muslim visitors, Pauwels added. In December 2015, Trump’s anti-Muslim comments cost him business in the Middle East when a major chain of department stores halted sales of his glitzy “Trump Home” line of lamps, mirrors and jewelry boxes in the region. Trump has long identified the Middle East as a major growth market, and his company is working with Dubai-based real estate giant DAMAC Properties to build two golf clubs - including one with a course designed by Tiger Woods - and a gated island community outside the city.  His daughter Ivanka said last year the organization was in talks on deals in Qatar and Saudi Arabia. Trump has a licensing deal with a developer for a Trump-branded retail complex in Istanbul. He also has signed deals in Indonesia, the world’s most populous Muslim country, to put his name on a redeveloped luxury golf resort in Java and a luxury cliff-top hotel and residential development in Bali. And it is not just in the Middle East that Trump could face repercussions for any foreign policy decisions. Trump’s $1.5 billion billion-pound golf and residential project north of Aberdeen in Scotland could also be affected, warned councilor Isobel Davidson, who sits on the panel responsible for approving planning applications for the project. If Trump proceeds with any anti-Muslim proposal, it could make it harder for him to advance his development, she said. “Councilors are not supposed to take the character of the applicant into consideration when we are making a planning decision but sometimes it’s quite hard not to,” she said. Analysts said they saw more potential upside for Trump’s business from his election than downside. Very simply, people would want to be associated with the personal brand of the U.S. president. “It will have a boost because he has become more famous that he was before,” said Professor Chiranjib Sen, Azim Premji University in India’s Bangalore. One test case could be China, which the Trump Organization has identified as a “top priority among high-potential emerging markets,” according to a 2013 press release. On the campaign trail, Trump threatened to label China a currency manipulator and impose import tariffs on Chinese imports.  Suisheng Zhao, a China expert at the University of Denver, said if Trump did impose tariffs and more robustly challenged China’s interests in the South China Sea, Beijing could tell Chinese businesses to abandon any talks or deals with the Trump Organization. Trump-branded property could also present a target for bombings or other kinds of attacks, said Professor Peter Neumann, of the International Centre for the Study of Radicalisation and Political Violence at King’s College London. “From a terrorist’s perspective, it’s a very attractive target,” he said. What Trump does not do could also affect his foreign business interests.  Mehmet Ugur, Professor of Economics and Institutions, at the University of Greenwich Business School, said that Trump’s businesses could benefit if he takes a softer line on countries accused of human rights violations.  Countries such as Turkey, China and Indonesia would “be more than happy to welcome Trump Organization,” he said. ",1
7126,"Trump outlines plans for first day in office, meets with Cabinet hopefuls","NEW YORK/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump outlined plans on Monday for his first day in office, including withdrawing from a major trade accord and investigating abuses of work visa programs, and met with Cabinet hopefuls at his Manhattan office tower. Trump met with Oklahoma Governor Mary Fallin, Democratic U.S. Representative Tulsi Gabbard and former Texas Governor Rick Perry. But he announced no further appointments, keeping candidates and the public guessing about the shape of the administration that will take office on Jan. 20. Fallin, Gabbard and Perry were the latest of dozens of officials who have made their way across the opulent lobby of Trump Tower for talks with the Republican president-elect in a relatively open - and unconventional - transition process since his election victory on Nov. 8. Trump, who has not held a news conference since his election, issued a video on Monday evening outlining some of his plans for his first day in office, including formally declaring his intent to withdraw from the Trans-Pacific Partnership, or TPP, trade deal, which he called “a potential disaster for our country.” The 12-nation TPP is Democratic President Barack Obama’s signature trade initiative and was signed by the United States earlier this year but has not been ratified by the U.S. Senate. The president-elect said he would replace the accord with bilaterally negotiated trade deals that would “bring jobs and industry back onto American shores.” “My agenda will be based on a simple core principle:  putting America first. Whether it’s producing steel, building cars or curing disease, I want the next generation of production and innovation to happen right here on our great homeland, America, creating wealth and jobs for American workers,” he said. Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said on Monday the TPP “would be meaningless without the United States.” Trump said he would cancel some restrictions on producing energy in the United States on his first day in office, particularly shale oil and “clean coal,” which he said would create “many millions of high-paying jobs.” He promised to direct the Labor Department to investigate abuses of visa programs for immigrant workers. The main U.S. visa program for technology workers could face tough scrutiny under Trump and his proposed attorney general, U.S. Senator Jeff Sessions, a longtime critic of the program. Trump had made eliminating regulations and withdrawing from the TPP central to his campaign, but he sent mixed signals during the campaign about his views on visa programs including the main H-1B visa for high-tech industry workers. Trump has so far picked two Cabinet members and three top White House advisers, but aides said he was not expected to make further announcements on Monday. “They could come this week, they could come today, but we’re not in a rush to publish names,” Kellyanne Conway, a senior adviser, told reporters. “We’ve got to get it right.” Trump spoke often with reporters camped out at his New Jersey golf course over the weekend, but has not held a traditional news conference to talk about his priorities. He held an off-the-record meeting with a group of television anchors and executives on Monday afternoon and was scheduled to meet with print media representatives on Tuesday. The Washington Post reported that four participants at Monday’s meeting described it as a contentious but generally respectful session. They told the Post that Trump singled out reporting of his campaign by CNN and NBC that he considered to be unfair.  Trump also returned to Twitter on Monday night, saying  “many people” would like to see Brexit campaigner Nigel Farage as British ambassador to the United States. “He would do a great job!” Farage, who helped lead the successful referendum fight for Britain to leave the European Union, spoke at a Trump rally during the U.S. campaign and visited the president-elect after his victory. Trump’s first meeting on Monday was with Iraq war veteran  Gabbard, a representative from Hawaii who backed U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders in his unsuccessful 2016 Democratic presidential nominating contest against Hillary Clinton. The “frank and positive” discussion focused on the war in Syria, counterterrorism and other foreign policy issues, Gabbard said in a statement. She did not say whether a Cabinet role was part of the discussion. Gabbard has veered from Democratic Party positions at times, backing policies cracking down on immigration to the United States by Muslims. Fallin told reporters she was not offered a position but discussed “a wide range of topics” with Trump. The Republican governor’s spokesman said that included a focus on the Interior Department, an agency whose responsibilities include oversight of oil and gas leases on public lands. Former Republican U.S Senator Scott Brown of Massachusetts told reporters he had a “great” meeting about veterans’ issues with Trump. Trump also met with former House of Representatives Speaker Newt Gingrich and Elaine Chao, the U.S. labor secretary under former President George W. Bush, advisers said. Trump’s transition team said Perry, the former Texas governor, was being considered for Cabinet posts including defense, energy and veterans affairs.  Trump, a New York businessman who has never previously held public office and who was the surprise winner over Clinton this month, has so far named senior leaders of his national security and law enforcement teams. In addition to Sessions, they are U.S. Representative Mike Pompeo of Kansas as CIA director, and retired Army Lieutenant General Michael Flynn as White House national security adviser. For Thanksgiving, Trump planned to travel on Tuesday to Mar-a-Lago, a golf resort he owns in Florida, a spokesman said. ",1
7127,Trump says will quit Pacific trade deal on day one of presidency,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump released a video on Monday laying out actions he will take on his first day in office on Jan. 20, including withdrawing the United States from a Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal. Trump also said he would issue a rule cutting government regulations, direct the Labor Department to investigate abuses of visa programs, and cancel some restrictions on energy production, including shale oil and gas and coal. ",1
7128,Trump picks regulation opponents to lead FCC transition,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump’s choice of experts to focus on new policies at the Federal Communications Commission signals a regime that will have a “lighter” touch on regulation and be more likely to favor large mergers in telecoms industries, analysts said. Economist Jeff Eisenach and former Sprint Corp (S.N) lobbyist Mark Jamison were named by Trump’s transition team to oversee hiring and policy for the FCC. They both oppose some recent telecom industry regulations resisted by telecom and cable heavyweights such as Comcast Corp (CMCSA.O) and AT&T Inc (T.N) and have voiced support for mega mergers in the past. The FCC is composed of five commissioners, including one designated as chairman, who are appointed by the president and confirmed by the Senate. Only three commissioners can be from the same political party and Trump’s pick for FCC chairman would tip the balance in favor of Republicans. The addition of Eisenach and Jamison to Trump’s “landing team” on Monday come as the Republican president-elect puts together a team to staff various government departments and agencies after he succeeds Democratic President Barack Obama on Jan. 20. The two appointments are harbingers of “a more typical Republican FCC that is lighter on regulation and more focused on competition,” said Roger Entner, an analyst at Recon Analytics. “The focus will be more on reducing regulation than creating new ones.” That would be in stark contrast to the Obama administration’s FCC that enacted or proposed a handful of new industry rules and disapproved some proposed combinations, including Comcast’s bid for Time Warner Cable and AT&T’s attempt to buy T-Mobile (TMUS.O).The FCC under Chairman Tom Wheeler, a Democrat, has had a rocky relationship with large telecom companies, some of which strongly opposed the agency’s 2015 net neutrality or open internet rules. The rules, which require internet service providers to treat all data equally and bar them from obstructing or slowing down consumer access to web content, were seen as a major victory for internet businesses like Alphabet Inc’s Google (GOOGL.O) that offer services but do not own internet networks. ‘PRO-BUSINESS POLICY’ Eisenach has supported mergers such as AT&T and T-Mobile as well as Sprint and T-Mobile that were dismissed by regulators during Obama’s administration, according to analysts. He is known in telecom circles for having a “pro-business” mindset, New Street Research analyst Spencer Kurn said.  “Whoever gets picked (as FCC chairman) is likely going to implement a similar pro-business policy,” Kurn said.  Eisenach, who was previously tapped by the Trump campaign as an adviser on technology and telecom policy, is currently a managing director at consulting firm NERA Economic Consulting’s communications, media and internet practice. He previously held advisory roles at the U.S. Federal Trade Commission and the White House Office of Management and Budget. In 2014, he testified in the U.S. Senate against net neutrality rules, arguing there was no need for new regulation as existing antitrust rules, while “not perfect,” offered safeguards against concerns about the business practices of internet service providers. Jamison is the director of the Public Utility Research Center at the University of Florida. Like Eisenach, he has strongly disagreed in his publications with Wheeler’s rules, including net neutrality and a proposal to open up the market for rented pay-TV set-top boxes. That measure was aimed at breaking the telecom and cable companies’ grip on the $20 billion market and bringing in players such as Google and Apple (AAPL.O) in an effort to lower prices for consumers. Some analysts said the appointments also raised questions over whether Trump would carry out his campaign pledge to kill AT&T’s $85.4 billion proposal to buy Time Warner (TWX.N). Matt Wood, policy director of the technology rights group Free Press, said that even as Trump opposes the deal, he picked the pro-business economist Eisenach, who was unlikely to want to block such a merger. ",1
7129,"In weekend of deliberation, Mattis favored for Trump Pentagon chief","BEDMINSTER, N.J. (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump on Sunday assessed several more contenders for top U.S. posts including Chris Christie and Rudy Giuliani, as blunt-spoken retired Marine Corps General James Mattis emerged as a leading candidate for defense secretary. Trump held meetings at his golf resort in Bedminster, New Jersey, with candidates for senior administration jobs after he takes office on Jan. 20. On Saturday, he conferred with Mattis and Mitt Romney, formerly a fierce Trump critic now under consideration for secretary of state. Summing up two days of talks as he said goodbye to retired U.S. Marines Corps General John Kelly on Sunday evening, Trump said he had made decisions on a couple of appointments. “We really had some great meetings, and you’ll be hearing about them soon.” Trump transition spokesman Sean Spicer said no decisions would be announced on Sunday night. Trump discussed the treasury secretary job with Jon Gray, a board member of the Blackstone Group, two sources familiar with their meeting said. A Trump transition team statement said their discussion included the U.S. economy, global capital markets and the world financial situation, as well as tax reform and long-term debt. The last person Trump escorted out of the clubhouse was Giuliani, the former New York mayor. Trump said earlier that Giuliani was a candidate for secretary of state “and other things.” The Trump team statement said Trump and Giuliani discussed “administration priorities” as well as “restoring America’s prominence in the world, ongoing national security issues and threats at various hotspots on a global basis.” Christie, the Republican governor of New Jersey, advised Trump during the presidential campaign but was dismissed as the head of his transition team. Asked by reporters before the meeting whether there was a place for Christie in his administration, Trump sidestepped the question but called him “a very talented man, great guy.” Trump met with billionaire investor Wilbur Ross, who he said was under consideration for commerce secretary. Asked whether he wanted the job, Ross told reporters: “Well, time will tell.”  Trump also received Jonathan Gray, the global head of real estate at the Blackstone Group, who is being considered for Treasury secretary, according to a person briefed on the matter. The president-elect has already tapped three senior leaders of his national security and law enforcement teams, choosing U.S. Senator Jeff Sessions for attorney general, U.S. Representative Mike Pompeo as CIA director, and retired Lieutenant General Michael Flynn as national security adviser. The selections so far suggest that Trump, true to his campaign promises, intends to steer national security and foreign policy in a sharply different direction from that of Democratic President Barack Obama, whose record Trump harshly criticized during his campaign. Obama campaigned extensively for Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton before the Nov. 8 election and warned during the campaign that Trump lacked the temperament and qualifications to be president. In Peru, as he wrapped up his last foreign trip, one that was overshadowed by Trump’s surprise election, Obama encouraged Democrats on Sunday to work with the new administration but said he would weigh in as a citizen if the Trump administration challenged values he holds dear.  In another sign of Trump’s novel approach to politics, the New York businessman who has never held public office said he planned to live in the White House but that his wife, Melania, and their 10-year-old son, Barron, would not move in immediately. He said they would move from New York to the White House “very soon, right after he finishes school.” While Trump received lawmakers, politicians and business leaders behind closed doors over the weekend, he gave some hints about his thinking and possible Cabinet choices on Twitter.  On Sunday, he tweeted that “General James ‘Mad Dog’ Mattis, who is being considered for Secretary of Defense, was very impressive yesterday. A true General’s General!” From 2010 to 2013, Mattis headed the U.S. military’s Central Command, which oversees operations stretching from the Horn of Africa through the Middle East and into Central Asia including Afghanistan and Pakistan. During that time, he was at odds with the Obama administration on the need to prepare for potential threats from Iran and about resources for Afghanistan. Mattis, 66, served as an American commander in the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and was known to be popular among the troops. Speaking on “Fox News Sunday,” Vice President-elect Mike Pence, who now heads Trump’s transition team,” said Mattis had “a legendary military career.” Incoming White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus said it was a “very real possibility” Mattis would get the job, telling the ABC program “This Week:” “I know that President-elect Trump loves leaders like General Mattis.” Pence said that Trump and Romney had a good meeting and “a warm and a substantive exchange.” “I can say that Governor Romney is under active and serious consideration to serve as secretary of state of the United States,” Pence said on the CBS program “Face the Nation.”    Romney, the unsuccessful 2012 Republican presidential nominee, was a leader of the Republican establishment movement that tried to block Trump from becoming the nominee this year. In March, Romney called Trump “a phony,” “a fraud” and “a con man.” A source close to Romney from his time as Massachusetts governor expressed concern he might be “frozen out” by officials whose thinking appears to be closer to Trump’s, such as Flynn, Mattis, White House counselor Steve Bannon, and members of Trump’s family. “How much influence and latitude he will have will be up to Trump, and they don’t appear to be on the same page about much,” the source said. Former Texas Governor Rick Perry, who made unsuccessful bids for the Republican presidential nomination in 2012 and 2016, will meet with Trump on Monday and is being considered for Cabinet posts including defense, energy and veterans affairs, Trump’s transition team said. ",1
7130,"Trump's Interior Department shortlist vexes employees, green groups","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump’s shortlist of candidates to lead the U.S. Department of Interior has employees and environmental advocates fearful of a shift in the agency’s direction, from one focused on preserving public lands to one that would open them up to more drilling and mining. The outcome will have implications for industry access to millions of acres of national parks, reserves and tribal territories stretching from the Arctic to the Gulf of Mexico and the viability of President Barack Obama’s efforts to keep the United States in line with international agreements to reduce the impacts of climate change. Republican Trump, a New York real estate businessman who has never previously held public office, has leaned toward right-wing loyalists for the Cabinet since winning the Nov. 8 election. He is considering oil drilling advocates like Oklahoma Governor Mary Fallin, Alaska’s former governor Sarah Palin and Lucas Oil co-founder Forrest Lucas to run the Interior Department, media reports and Reuters sources said. Other contenders are several politicians from Western states who favor easier development of public lands. Any of those picks could trigger battles with environmental groups and cause internal strife at an agency where many workers see themselves as land stewards after nearly eight years of conservation-minded policies under Democrat Obama. “Public lands have been set aside to ‘preserve and protect’ cultural and scientific resources for future generations,” said Geoff Goins, a National Park Service ranger at the Bandelier National Monument in New Mexico, adding that with Trump coming in, “people are concerned about their jobs.”   Other Interior Department employees interviewed by Reuters said they were worried the agency’s environmental mandate would be weakened under Trump, and green advocates said they were bracing to resist those changes. “Climate change is a major focus of conservation concern for national parks,” said one National Park Service employee in the Northwest who asked not to be identified. “If (Trump’s administration) gets in the way of scientists...we are all in deep trouble.” During the election campaign, Trump tweeted that “the concept of global warming was created by and for the Chinese in order to make U.S. manufacturing non-competitive” - a view that is at odds with most but a few scientists who study the impacts of rising global temperatures and extreme weather.        Maureen Finnerty, chair of the Coalition to Protect America’s National Parks, an organization of more than 1,200 current and former National Parks employees, said it was ready to launch a public relations campaign against Trump if he pursues an anti-environmental agenda. “We will be vigilant and hope for the best,” she said. The Interior Department employs more than 70,000 people across the United States and oversees over 20 percent of federal land. Under Obama, the Interior Department played a big role in efforts to curb the effects of climate change by limiting fossil fuel development in some areas. Outgoing Interior Secretary Sally Jewell banned coal mining on public lands, canceled leases for drilling in the Arctic and Atlantic coasts, expanded wildlife protection and cracked down on industry methane emissions. The Obama administration planned on using forest restoration on federal lands as a way to help the United States meet its long-term goals under the 2015 Paris agreement within the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change. The agreement outlines how countries will deal with lowering greenhouse gas emissions starting in 2020.  Trump has given mixed messages on his plans for Interior. In an interview with Field and Stream magazine in January, Trump said: “I want to keep the lands great... We have to be great stewards of this land.” But he has advocated strongly for boosting energy development on federal lands and has criticized Obama’s use of environmental regulation to check oil and gas development. He picked renowned climate change skeptic Myron Ebell to run his transition at the Environmental Protection Agency. U.S. Representative Kevin Cramer of North Dakota said Trump could consider hiring as his energy secretary Harold Hamm, an oil and gas driller and a pioneer of developing shale oil resources. One potential Interior Department head is Oklahoma Governor Fallin, who met with Trump on Monday. She has been an ardent supporter of Oklahoma’s drilling industry and has blocked attempts to ban hydraulic fracturing, or fracking, a controversial drilling technology. Fallin’s spokesman confirmed she is being considered for the post, but said there has been “no offer given.” Also on the shortlist is Palin, who made famous the motto “Drill, Baby, Drill” when she was the vice presidential running-mate to Republican John McCain in 2008, and former Arizona Governor Jan Brewer, a Trump supporter without experience in public lands policy. Governor Butch Otter of Idaho, venture capitalist Robert Grady and U.S. Representatives Cynthia Lummis and Rob Bishop of Wyoming and Utah are also potential candidates for the job. All declined comment. (Refiles to correct typographical error National Park Service instead of National Parks Service.) ",1
7131,Factbox: Contenders for key jobs in Trump's administration,"(Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump held meetings in New York on Monday as he worked to fill administration positions ahead of his inauguration on Jan. 20. Below are people mentioned as contenders for senior roles. See end of list for posts already filled. * Steven Mnuchin, former Goldman Sachs Group Inc executive and Trump’s campaign finance chairman * Jeb Hensarling, U.S. representative from Texas and chairman of the House Financial Services Committee * Jamie Dimon, JPMorgan Chase & Co chief executive officer * Tom Barrack, founder and chairman of Colony Capital Inc * Jonathan Gray, global head of real estate at the Blackstone Group  * Mitt Romney, 2012 presidential nominee and former Massachusetts governor  * Rudy Giuliani, former mayor of New York City * Nikki Haley, governor of South Carolina * John Bolton, former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations under President George W. Bush * Bob Corker, U.S. senator from Tennessee and chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee * Zalmay Khalilzad, former U.S. ambassador to Iraq * James Mattis, retired Marine general * David Petraeus, former CIA director and retired general * Tom Cotton, U.S. senator from Arkansas       * Jon Kyl, former U.S. senator from Arizona * Duncan Hunter, U.S. representative from California and early Trump supporter, member of the House Armed Services Committee * Jim Talent, former U.S. senator from Missouri who was on the Senate Armed Services Committee  * Kelly Ayotte, outgoing U.S. senator from New Hampshire and member of the Senate Armed Services Committee * Rick Perry, former Texas governor * Tom Price, U.S. representative from Georgia who is an orthopedic surgeon * Rick Scott, Florida governor  * Rich Bagger, former pharmaceutical executive and former top aide to New Jersey Governor Chris Christie * Bobby Jindal, former Louisiana governor * Michael McCaul, U.S. representative from Texas and chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee * David Clarke, Milwaukee county sheriff and vocal Trump supporter  * Joe Arpaio, outgoing Maricopa County, Arizona, sheriff who campaigned for Trump * Kris Kobach, Kansas secretary of state * Jeff Holmstead, energy lawyer, former EPA official during George W. Bush administration * Robert Grady, venture capitalist, partner in private equity firm Gryphon Investors  * Leslie Rutledge, Arkansas attorney general * Carol Comer, commissioner of the Indiana Department of Environmental Management * Harold Hamm, Oklahoma oil and gas mogul, chief executive of Continental Resources Inc * Kevin Cramer, U.S. Representative from North Dakota * Robert Grady, venture capitalist, partner in private equity firm Gryphon Investors  * Larry Nichols, co-founder of Devon Energy Corp * James Connaughton, chief executive of Nautilus Data Technologies and a former environmental adviser to President George W. Bush * Rick Perry, former Texas governor * Sarah Palin, former Alaska governor, 2008 Republican vice presidential nominee * Jan Brewer, former Arizona governor * Forrest Lucas, founder of oil products company Lucas Oil * Harold Hamm, Oklahoma oil and gas mogul, chief executive of Continental Resources Inc * Robert Grady, venture capitalist, partner in private equity firm Gryphon Investors * Mary Fallin, Oklahoma governor * Ray Washburne, chief executive of investment company Charter Holdings * Wilbur Ross, billionaire investor, chairman of Invesco Ltd subsidiary WL Ross & Co * Linda McMahon, former World Wrestling Entertainment executive and two-time Senate candidate * Admiral Mike Rogers, director of the National Security Agency * Ronald Burgess, retired lieutenant general and former Defense Intelligence Agency chief  * Robert Cardillo, director of the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency * Pete Hoekstra, former U.S. representative from Michigan * Kelly Ayotte, outgoing U.S. senator from New Hampshire and member of the Senate Armed Services Committee * Richard Grenell, former spokesman for the United States at the United Nations  * Peter King, U.S. representative from New York * Tulsi Gabbard, a war veteran and Democratic U.S. representative from Hawaii * Dan DiMicco, former chief executive of steel producer Nucor Corp * Andrew Puzder, chief executive officer of CKE Restaurants * Victoria Lipnic, U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission commissioner and former Labor Department official during the George W. Bush administration The Trump transition team confirmed he would choose from a list of 21 names he drew up during his campaign, including U.S. Senator Mike Lee of Utah, and William Pryor, a federal judge with the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals.  * Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus * Steve Bannon, former head of the conservative website Breitbart News * Jeff Sessions, Republican U.S. senator from Alabama and senior member of the Senate Judiciary Committee (subject to Senate confirmation) * Republican U.S. Representative Mike Pompeo from Kansas (subject to Senate confirmation) * Michael Flynn, retired Army lieutenant general and former director of the Defense Intelligence Agency ",1
7132,Trump considering Dallas investor Ray Washburne for interior secretary: CNBC,"(Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump is considering Dallas investor Ray Washburne as a possible interior secretary, CNBC reported on Monday, citing unnamed sources on Trump’s transition team. Washburne’s company, Charter Holdings, is involved in real estate, restaurants and diversified financial investments. A top Republican fundraiser, Washburne has served as vice chair of Trump Victory Committee. ",1
7133,"Tech worker visas face uncertain future under Trump, Sessions","SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - The main U.S. visa program for technology workers could face renewed scrutiny under President-elect Donald Trump and his proposed Attorney General, Senator Jeff Sessions, a long-time critic of the skilled-worker program. H-1B visas admit 65,000 workers and another 20,000 graduate student workers each year. The tech industry, which has lobbied to expand the program, may now have to fight a rear-guard action to protect it, immigration attorneys and lobbyists said. Trump sent mixed signals on the campaign trail, sometimes criticizing the visas but other times calling them an important way to retain foreign talent. Sessions, however, has long sought to curtail the program and introduced legislation last year aiming to make the visas less available to large outsourcing companies such as Infosys. Such firms, by far the largest users of H-1B visas, provide foreign contractors to U.S. companies looking to slash information technology costs. “Thousands of U.S. workers are being replaced by foreign labor,” Sessions said at a February hearing. A spokesperson for Sessions did not immediately respond to a request for comment. A Trump transition team spokesperson declined to comment. The H-1B visa is intended for specialty occupations that typically require a college education. Companies use them in two main ways to hire technology workers. Tech firms such as Microsoft and Google typically hire highly skilled, well-paid foreign workers that are in short supply. They help many of them secure so-called green cards that allow them to work in the U.S. permanently. By contrast, firms such as Infosys and Tata Consultancy Services, both based in India, use the visas to deploy lower-paid contractors that critics say rarely end up with green cards. Infosys did not immediately respond to a request for comment. A Tata spokesman declined to comment. H-1B visas are assigned through a lottery once a year by U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services. This year, companies filed 236,000 petitions for the 85,000 available visas, a cap set in U.S. law. They are awarded to employers - not employees - and tied to specific positions. Both Democratic and Republican critics have argued that companies such as Walt Disney Co and Southern California Edison Co (SCE_pe.A), a utility, have used the program to terminate in-house IT employees and replace them with cheaper contractors. Sessions last year urged then-Attorney General Eric Holder to investigate Southern California Edison’s use of H-1B visas in a letter than was also signed by Democratic Sens. Bernie Sanders, Richard Durbin and Sherrod Brown. Disney and Edison did not immediately respond to requests for comment but have said previously that they paid foreign contractors comparably with local staffers. The Justice Department in 2013 settled a visa fraud case with Infosys for $34 million. Federal investigators accused Infosys of using easier-to-obtain business travel visas to import foreign workers who were required to have H-1B visas. Investigators also alleged that Infosys told foreign workers to lie to U.S. officials about the cities where they would work. In the settlement, Infosys denied the allegations but agreed to retain a third-party auditor for two years and to provide the government with detailed descriptions of what its visa holders were supposed to be doing in the U.S. Several constituencies have called for program reforms, including the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, that industry’s largest professional association. It wants the lottery ditched in favor of a system that would award visas to companies offering the highest-paying jobs, said Russ Harrison, director of government relations.  That could potentially shut out employers looking to mine the program for cheap foreign labor. Sessions included a similar measure in his 2015 bill. Tech industry groups also want changes. FWD.us - the immigration lobbying group backed by Facebook co-founder Mark Zuckerberg - supports setting higher minimum wages and giving priority to companies that sponsor H-1B workers for green cards. “We’re going to advocate for expanding the program, but we’re also going to advocate for reforming the program,” FWD.us President Todd Shulte said in an interview. The current program mainly benefits big companies at the expense of both U.S. and immigrant workers, said Gaurav Mehta, a 32-year-old H-1B holder from New Delhi who works for a cyber security firm in San Francisco. H-1B workers struggle to switch jobs without risking deportation, he said, which allows employers to pay them less. “The current system is not working for Americans, and it’s not working for immigrants,” he said. Some Trump allies expect him to keep the program mostly intact, including Shalabh “Shalli” Kumar - an Indian-born Chicago businessman who donated $900,000 to his campaign.  “He has said to us that these are amazing people and it would be crazy to let them go,” Kumar said in an interview. But Kumar has urged Trump to eliminate country-by-country quotas that create long waits for Indian and Chinese nationals to get green cards. John Miano, an attorney with the Immigration Reform Law Institute - a conservative group that has been aligned with Trump - also supports prioritizing H-1B applications from companies offering higher pay. Such a change would hit the outsourcing firms hard. The top 10 recipients of H-1B visas in 2015 were all outsourcing firms, according to government data compiled by the IEEE. Tata Consultancy Services topped the list by securing 8,333 H-1B visas. Amazon, by contrast, ranked number 12 and was awarded just 826 H-1B visas. Google and Microsoft ranked No. 14 and 15, with Facebook at No. 24 and Apple at No. 34. Some H-1B visa holders aren’t waiting. Sofie Graham - a marketer at the San Francisco startup BuildZoom.com and a dual Irish and British citizen - secured her H-1B visa last year. Although she could have worked for six years on the visa, she and the company decided to apply for a green card. “Everywhere I looked, people were saying we should have fewer H-1Bs,” she said. “I just wanted to get a green card as soon as possible.” (This version of the story has been refiled to clarify that the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers represents engineers and not engineering companies) ",1
7134,Oklahoma Governor Fallin speaks to Trump about possible Interior Department job: spokesman,"(Reuters) - Oklahoma Governor Mary Fallin met on Monday with President-elect Donald Trump and Vice President-elect Mike Pence and discussed the possibility of serving in the new administration, including in the Department of the Interior, her spokesman said. “It was a wonderful discussion ... I was not offered a position,” Fallin told reporters in the lobby of the Trump Tower in New York. “It was just an initial meeting to address a wide range of topics.” A spokesman said they discussed the possibility of Fallin serving at the Interior Department. ",1
7135,"Factbox: Trump to meet with Oklahoma governor, ex-Texas governor Perry, Hawaii Democrat Gabbard, others","(Reuters) - U.S. Republican President-elect Donald Trump holds more meetings on Monday as he continues to form the cabinet and administration that will take over from President Barack Obama on Jan. 20. He is scheduled to meet with the following people, according to his transition team: *U.S. labor secretary under President George W. Bush *Deputy U.S. transportation secretary under President George H.W. Bush *Wife of U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell *Current Oklahoma governor serving second term; first elected in 2010  *One of 64 agriculture policy advisers to Trump’s presidential campaign *Former U.S. House of Representatives speaker, 1995-1999; represented Georgia from 1979-1999 *Has said he hopes to have an advisory position to Trump administration rather than a Cabinet post; had been floated as possible secretary of state  *Former Texas governor and Republican presidential candidate in 2012 and 2016 *Under consideration for Cabinet posts including defense, energy and veterans affairs *A Democratic U.S. representative from Hawaii, who was an early supporter of Bernie Sanders  *Serves on the U.S. House Armed Services and Foreign Affairs committees ",1
7136,Obama administration bars new oil exploration in Arctic waters,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Obama administration on Friday blocked new exploration for oil and gas in Arctic waters, in a win for environmental groups that had fought development of the ecologically fragile region. The Department of the Interior released a 2017 to 2022 leasing plan that blocked drilling in the Chukchi and Beaufort Seas off northern Alaska. It also limited petroleum development in the Cook Inlet off south-central Alaska.  Environmental activists have battled drilling in Alaska to protect whales, walruses and seals, and as part of a broader movement to keep remaining fossil fuels in the ground. The Interior Department said the plan was “balanced,” and left 70 percent of economically recoverable oil and gas resources open to drilling, mostly in the Gulf of Mexico. The plan focuses on the best areas “with the highest resource potential, lowest conflict and established infrastructure - and removes regions that are simply not right to lease,” Interior Secretary Sally Jewell said.  President Barack Obama, who last year became the first sitting president to cross the Arctic Circle, has made fighting climate change and protecting the Arctic priorities in his administration. But President-elect Donald Trump, a Republican who takes office on Jan. 20, 2017, has vowed to open resources to petroleum development and could take steps to reverse the decision. Oil interests have pressured the administration to explore for energy in the Arctic. Jack Girard, the head of the American Petroleum Institute industry group, said the decision “puts the U.S. at a serious competitive disadvantage.” Russia and Norway have also explored the Arctic, though Exxon Mobil wound down drilling in the Russian north in 2014 due to U.S. sanctions over Moscow’s aggression in eastern Ukraine. Fierce winds and frigid waters make the Arctic treacherous for drilling equipment. After spending billions of dollars to explore the Alaskan Arctic, Royal Dutch Shell retreated in 2015 after suffering a gash in one of its ships and environmentalists had uncovered details of an old law that forced the company to cut exploration there by half.  The U.S. Coast Guard complained when Shell was drilling off Alaska that it had been forced to divert resources, including a vessel that fought cocaine trafficking, to keep operations in the region safe. (reut.rs/2g4yHSW) Environmentalists applauded the new lease plan, which built on a similar decision in March when the government removed much of the Atlantic ocean from oil and gas leasing for five years. “This is excellent news for our oceans, from the Arctic to the Atlantic,” said Jacqueline Savitz, deputy vice president for U.S. campaigns of Oceana, an international advocacy group. ",1
7137,Gun shops eye busy Black Friday despite Hillary Clinton loss,"SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Christmas came early for U.S. gun shop owners - who saw a rush of firearms purchases ahead of the presidential election - but they may now be hard-pressed to match last year’s record holiday sales. Gun merchants had a record October, federal background check data shows, as gun enthusiasts snapped up pistols and rifles on fears that Democrat Hillary Clinton would win the White House and seek to restrict ownership.  Traffic has fallen off substantially since Republican Donald Trump, a gun rights supporter, won the presidency on Nov. 8. Shares of Smith & Wesson Holding Corp SWHC.O are down 15 percent since then, despite a rebound this week, while Sturm Ruger & Company’s (RGR.N) stock is 17 percent lower. Like most other retailers, gun sellers thrive during the holidays. Last year’s Black Friday featured record activity for a single day, according background check data.  December 2015 was the second busiest month ever, topped only by December 2012, when President Barack Obama threatened to rein in gun rights after a deranged man killed 26 people, including 20 children, in a shooting rampage at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut. Obama, a Democrat, never enacted any sweeping new gun restrictions because he faced opposition in a Republican-controlled Congress. Now, with this year’s Black Friday just days away, gun dealers say traffic is regaining momentum after the post-election drop. “I’m not expecting it to be any slower than our normal Black Friday,” said Kellie Weeks, owner of Georgia Gun Store in Gainesville, Georgia. “But if Hillary had won, we would have sold out already.”  After Obama was elected in 2008, November background checks jumped 48 percent compared to the prior November, according to background check data from the National Shooting Sports Foundation. By comparison, checks rose a more modest 5 percent in November 2004 after Republican George W. Bush was re-elected. Such checks are the best proxy for data on gun sales, which gun manufacturers do not publicly release. The foundation strips the data of applications for conceal-carry permits - typically made by people who already own guns - to give a better reflection of actual purchases.  Through October 2016, background checks are up 15 percent compared to the same amount of time last year, suggesting another a strong year of overall sales. Wall Street expects Smith & Wesson’s revenue to increase 28 percent in 2016 and 11 percent next year, according to Thomson Reuters data. The Springfield, Massachusetts, company reports its October-quarter results on December 1. Even after the recent selloff, Smith & Wesson’s stock is up 10 percent in 2016, better than the S&P 500’s 7-percent rise. Gilbert’s Gun Shop in Frankfort, Kentucky, expects to sell fewer high-capacity magazines over the holidays because customers no longer fear they will be banned. But the shop and other gun stores consulted by Reuters remain hopeful that demand for newly launched compact and target pistols will help spur a busy holiday season. “Some categories might be light,” he said. “But in general, sales through Black Friday and Christmas, I still think will be very strong.” ",1
7138,Obama says urges a wait-and-see approach on Trump proposals,"LIMA (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama on Sunday said that people should take a “wait-and-see” approach on President-elect Donald Trump as the real estate mogul works to assemble his choices for senior administration posts. Obama said he could not guarantee Trump would not pursue the policy positions he took during the campaign, but said the realities of the White House would force him to adjust how he approaches many issues. ",1
7139,"Obama, Putin talk about Syria and Ukraine in quick summit meet","LIMA (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama and his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin spoke for around four minutes on Sunday at the APEC summit about Syria and Ukraine, in what is likely to be their last in-person meeting before Obama leaves office. The two men met at the start of the summit meeting in Lima, Peru’s capital. They exchanged pleasantries and remained standing as they spoke. Obama later said at a news conference he told Putin the U.S. is deeply concerned about bloodshed and chaos in Syria “sown by constant bombing attacks” by the Syrian and Russian militaries, and that a ceasefire and political transition were needed. “As usual I was candid and courteous but very clear about the strong differences we have on policy,” Obama said. Putin said at a separate news conference he thanked Obama during Sunday’s meeting in Lima “for the years of joint work”. “I told him that we would be happy to see him (Obama) in Russia anytime if he wants, can and has desire”, Putin said. Obama and Putin have had a challenging relationship. The U.S. president said last week he had warned Putin about consequences for cyber attacks attributed to Moscow that were seen as trying to influence the U.S. election.     Obama said he also urged President Putin to help implement the Minsk peace agreement by working with France, Germany, Ukraine and the United States to halt the conflict in Donbass region of Ukraine.  During his race for the White House, Republican President-elect Donald Trump praised Putin. Putin said on Sunday that Trump had confirmed to him that he was willing to mend ties. ",1
7140,"Obama says Pelosi a strong leader, showing support for re-election bid","LIMA (Reuters) - President Barack Obama on Sunday called U.S. House Democratic chief Nancy Pelosi a remarkable leader, giving strong praise to the California lawmaker as House Democrats consider whether to re-elect to the post. Democrats need to fight for their principles but must be willing to work with the incoming administration of President-elect Donald Trump, Obama told a news conference after the APEC summit in Lima. ",1
7141,Obama declines comment on reports of possible removal of NSA chief,"LIMA (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama declined on Sunday to comment on media reports that senior defense and intelligence officials in his administration had requested the removal of National Security Agency chief Mike Rogers. Obama called Rogers a “terrific patriot” during a news conference at an Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit in Lima, adding he did not generally comment on personnel matters. ",1
7142,Obama says not worried about being last Democratic U.S. leader for a while,"LIMA (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama on Sunday said he is not worried about being the last Democratic U.S. president for a while, noting democrat Hillary Clinton won the popular vote and his own approval rating remained high.  He added, however, that the Democratic Party needed to organize better and better convey its message.   ",1
7143,Trudeau looks forward to welcoming Trump to Canada,"LIMA (Reuters) - Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said on Sunday that he looks forward to welcoming U.S. President-elect Donald Trump to Canada, hopefully soon after his inauguration in January. Following a meeting with outgoing U.S. President Barack Obama at the APEC trade summit in Peru, Trudeau added that the two heads of state discussed the softwood lumber trade issue that stems from an expired 2006 export agreement. ",1
7144,"New York's Cuomo unveils rights initiative, says election spawned 'social crisis'","NEW YORK (Reuters) - New York Governor Andrew Cuomo on Sunday launched an initiative to combat hate crimes and protect civil rights, saying the divisive U.S. presidential campaign had prompted a wave of disturbing incidents across the state and the country. In a speech at the Abyssinian Baptist Church in New York City, Cuomo said he would form a hate crimes unit of the state police, propose legislation increasing protections against discrimination for public school students and establish a private-public legal defense fund for impoverished immigrants. “The ugly political discourse of the election did not end on Election Day,” Cuomo, a Democrat, told the well-known African-American congregation. “In many ways it has gotten worse, (growing) into a social crisis that now challenges our identity as a state and as a nation and our people.” Civil rights groups including the ACLU have expressed concern over reports of a spate of incidents that appear motivated by racism, bigotry and sexism since Republican Donald Trump won the presidential election on Nov. 8.  Those reports include a swastika painted on a baseball dugout in the western New York village of Wellsville with the words “Make America White Again,” a racist version of Trump’s slogan, “Make America Great Again.” Several New York officials were scheduled to appear on Sunday at a rally organized by The Beastie Boys at Brooklyn’s Adam Yauch Park, which was named for the late member of the hip-hop group. The musicians called for the event after swastikas were found drawn at the park. On Friday, U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch said the Justice Department is investigating whether any of the incidents constituted hate crimes, which would trigger harsher penalties for the perpetrators. Cuomo, whose name has been floated as a possible Democratic presidential candidate in 2020, joined other officials in his party who have denounced the attacks since Election Day. Mayors in a number of large cities, including New York, Chicago and San Francisco, have insisted in recent weeks that their communities would remain so-called “sanctuary cities,” despite Trump’s campaign pledge to cut off federal funding for such municipalities. In sanctuary cities, local law enforcement generally do not help federal authorities search for undocumented immigrants. ",1
7145,Trump team promises to address ethics concerns on businesses,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump will work to ensure there is “proper separation” between his business empire and his job as president of the United States, Vice President-elect Mike Pence said on Sunday, amid fresh concerns about conflict of interest following a meeting with Indian real estate executives. Trump, who has said he planned to turn over handling of the Trump Organization to his adult children, has come under criticism for meeting on Tuesday with three Indian businessmen who are partners in a project to build a Trump-branded luxury apartment complex in Mumbai. Pence said on the CBS program “Face the Nation” that Trump and his family would “work with the best legal minds in this country and create the proper separation from their business enterprise during his duties as president of the United States.” A photo of the three executives meeting with Trump was posted on Twitter. Indian newspapers reported last week that the business leaders talked with the Trump Organization about expanding the Trump branded projects in India. Incoming White House chief of staff Reince Priebus, speaking on CNN’s “State of the Union” program, said Trump would comply with all laws and have the White House counsel’s office “review all of these things.” “And we will have every ‘I’ dotted and every ‘T’ crossed, and I can assure the American people that there wouldn’t be any wrongdoing, or any sort of undue influence over any decision-making,” Priebus said. Trump, who takes office on Jan. 20, has said his businesses will be overseen by his three grown children, Donald Trump Jr., Ivanka Trump and Eric Trump. Priebus was asked if it was appropriate for family members to sit in on official meetings after Ivanka Trump attended her father’s meeting with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on Thursday. “Donald Trump has been very clear from the very beginning that his family is very important to him,” Priebus said on CNN. ",1
7146,Pence not offended by comments to him at 'Hamilton' show,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Vice President-elect Mike Pence said on Sunday he was not offended by rare and pointed comments made to him by a cast member of “Hamilton” after he attended the hit Broadway show. “I wasn’t offended,” Pence said on “Fox News Sunday,” declining to ask for an apology as President-elect Donald Trump had demanded.  Pence acknowledged that many Americans were disappointed and anxious after Trump’s surprise Nov. 8 election victory following a raucous campaign, but he sought to reassure Americans that Trump would be a president “for all Americans.” After the show on Friday evening, Brandon Victor Dixon, who plays America’s third vice president, Aaron Burr, read a statement directed at Pence, who was in the audience, while standing in front of the cast in full costume. “We, sir - we - are the diverse America who are alarmed and anxious that your new administration will not protect us, our planet, our children, our parents, or defend us and uphold our inalienable rights,” Dixon said. Pence sought to address Dixon’s concerns, telling CBS in a separate interview that Trump has “a great heart. He’s got heart for the American people” and wanted to reassure “anyone, including the actor who spoke that night, that President-elect Donald Trump is going to be president of all the people.” Trump criticized the cast in a series of tweets on Saturday and again on Sunday.  “The Theater must always be a safe and special place. The cast of Hamilton was very rude last night to a very good man, Mike Pence. Apologize!” Trump wrote on Twitter on Saturday, taking time out from his search for appointees to his incoming administration.  “Our wonderful future V.P. Mike Pence was harassed last night at the theater by the cast of Hamilton, cameras blazing. This should not happen!” Pence praised the hit show and urged people to see it. Trump called the sold-out show “highly overrated” Sunday. Pence noted that there were some boos and cheers when he arrived at the theater. He recalled telling his family of the response: “That’s what freedom sounds like.” “Hamilton” is a hip-hop-infused musical that tells the story of Alexander Hamilton, a penniless immigrant who rose to become the right-hand man of General George Washington, as well as a key figure in the creation of the U.S. financial system and the creator of the U.S. Coast Guard. He was killed in an 1804 duel with Burr. ",1
7147,Trump to hold series of meetings as he assembles new administration,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump will hold a series of meetings on Sunday in New Jersey as he continues to put together a team for his incoming administration, Trump spokesmen said. They said Trump and Vice President-elect Mike Pence will meet with: talent agent Ari Emanuel; civil rights attorney Peter Kirsanow; Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach; Black Entertainment Television founder Robert Johnson; Bridgewater Associates President David McCormick; and retired Marine Corps General John Kelly. Trump and Pence will also meet with New Jersey Governor Chris Christie; former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani; U.S. Representative Cathy McMorris Rodgers; Speaker of the Oklahoma House of Representatives T.W. Shannon; American investor Wilbur Ross; and Jonathan Gray, global head of real estate at Blackstone Group, they added during a call with reporters. ",1
7148,Romney under 'active consideration' for Secretary of State: Pence,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Former Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney is under “active consideration” to serve as U.S. Secretary of State along with other candidates, Vice President-elect Mike Pence said on “Fox News Sunday.”  Romney, who met President-elect Donald Trump on Saturday, was a critic of Trump during the campaign. Pence said that Romney was willing to be considered for the position. Trump was “very grateful that Governor Mitt Romney came in. They had a good meeting. It was a warm and a substantive exchange and I know he is under active consideration to be Secretary of State... along with some other distinguished Americans.”  But Democrats were skeptical that Romney is an actual contender. Representative Adam Schiff, a California Democrat, said on CNN Sunday that he would love Romney to get the position and he would be a “consummate diplomat.” “But I think it’s a total head fake. I think this is Donald Trump still being the entertainer, still running a show where he wants to build suspense and he alone knows who the contestant will be the winner. It’s more of a nod to the appearance of bringing people together.”   ",1
7149,Romney in mix with others for secretary of state: Trump adviser,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican Mitt Romney is a possible choice for the job of secretary of state but President-elect Donald Trump is also looking at other people, Trump’s senior adviser Reince Priebus said on Sunday. Priebus also said on ABC’s “This Week” program that Romney and Trump had a “very substantive” conversation when the two met on Saturday in which they discussed foreign hot spots and other issues. ",1
7150,Radio host Ingraham says she's being considered for White House post,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Conservative radio talk show host Laura Ingraham said on Sunday she is being considered by President-elect Donald Trump to serve as White House press secretary. Ingraham said she has talked to Trump and she was privileged to be considered. “It’s an intriguing idea,” she said on “Fox News Sunday.” Ingraham defended the Trump transition team’s decision not to include a pool of reporters when he has traveled at times. She said the news media had been “stacking the deck against Trump” before the election.   ",1
7151,Trump confirms he is considering Mattis for U.S. defense post,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump said on Sunday he is considering retired General James Mattis for U.S. defense secretary, a day after meeting with him in New Jersey. Trump said in Twitter that Mattis, a retired U.S. Marine Corps general who previously headed U.S. Central Command, “was very impressive yesterday. A true General’s General!” ",1
7152,Queen to invite Trump to Britain for state visit: Sunday Times,"LONDON (Reuters) - Queen Elizabeth will invite U.S. President-elect Donald Trump for a state visit to Britain next year to try to cement close ties between the two countries, The Sunday Times newspaper said. Citing two ministers and a senior official close to Downing Street, the Sunday Times reported that discussions between British officials and Trump’s team would start soon to ensure that a date could be agreed for June or July next year. Britain is keen to reinforce its “special relationship” with the United States as the government of Prime Minister Theresa May prepares to leave the European Union, a divorce that will shape the country’s standing in the world. Trump invited May to visit him as soon as possible during their first telephone call since his election victory, the British prime minister’s office has said. Aides for May have said as yet there is no date for the trip. The Sunday Times said the British government hopes that an official state visit will be its “secret weapon” for cementing ties after Trump met leading Brexit campaigner Nigel Farage earlier this month - the first British politician to do so. The newspaper also said the president-elect told May during their phone call last week that his late Scottish mother was a “big fan” of the Queen and asked the prime minister to pass on his best wishes to her. ",1
7153,"Obama tells Latin America and world: give Trump time, don't assume worst","LIMA (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama did in Latin America what he tried to do in Europe: tell worried citizens not to draw negative conclusions about the man he once called unfit to serve in the White House, President-elect Donald Trump. In the last stop of an international farewell tour that included visits to Greece and Germany, Obama continued his efforts to calm anxieties since Republican businessman Trump beat Democratic rival and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in the U.S. presidential race. “My main message to you ... and the message I delivered in Europe is don’t just assume the worst,” Obama told a group of young people during a question-and-answer session in Peru on Saturday. “Wait until the administration is in place, it’s actually putting its policies together, and then you can make your judgments as to whether or not it’s consistent with the international community’s interest in living in peace and prosperity together.” Trump won the election after promising to build a wall on the U.S. border with Mexico, rip up trade deals and ban Muslims temporarily from entering the United States. Obama has sought to soothe fears by pledging to ensure a smooth transition of power and expressing optimism that the president-elect would shift away from inflammatory campaign rhetoric once he faced the realities of the job. “It will be important for everybody around the world to not make immediate judgments but give this new president-elect a chance to put their team together, to examine the issues, to determine what their policies will be, because as I’ve always said, how you campaign isn’t always the same as how you govern,” Obama said. But Obama has couched his assurances largely in hopeful language that Trump’s team would see the merits of policies that Democrats championed despite Trump’s pledged to dismantle them, from the Iran nuclear deal to an international pact to fight climate change. And the president, who campaigned vigorously for Clinton and showed visible disdain for Trump before his victory, has offset his words of reassurance with subtle digs at his successor by emphasizing themes of democratic values in Europe and Peru that Trump has been criticized for ignoring.  “You’re seeing some countries that are going backwards rather than forwards in terms of freedom of the press, in terms of freedom of the Internet, in terms of respecting political opposition and civil society,” Obama said on Saturday. Trump barred some news organizations from covering events during his campaign and threatened during a televised debate to jail Clinton for her use of a private email server while secretary of state. Though Obama came on his trip able to assure European countries that Trump would respect U.S. commitments to NATO, his other assurances, including for Latin American policy, seemed based more on optimism than knowledge of Trump’s plans. “With respect to Latin America, I don’t anticipate major changes in policy from the new administration,” he said, citing trade as a key exception. Trump announced hawkish picks for attorney general, national security adviser, and CIA director on Friday that suggest he is setting up his administration to take a hard line confronting Islamist militancy and curbing illegal immigration. ",1
7154,"As he shapes Cabinet, Trump meets former rival Romney and retired Gen. Mattis","BEDMINSTER, N.J. (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump and 2012 Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney set aside a fierce rivalry on Saturday and held talks likely to feed speculation that Romney could be in line to be the next U.S. secretary of state. After a day of meetings, Trump emerged to tell reporters that his search process was going “really efficiently” and that he had spoken to “really, really talented” people who could form part of his Cabinet. Trump said he might have some announcements on Sunday. He spoke highly of retired Marine General James Mattis, who transition officials said was a strong contender for defense secretary. Earlier, Trump and Romney emerged from their meeting after an hour and 20 minutes, and Trump told reporters their talks “went great.” Romney said the pair “had a far-reaching conversation with regards to the various theaters in the world.” “We discussed those areas, and exchanged our views on those topics – a very thorough and in-depth discussion in the time we had,” Romney said. “And I appreciate the chance to speak with the president-elect and I look forward to the coming administration and the things that it’s going to be doing.” Trump’s team said in a statement that Trump and Romney held a “substantive and in-depth conversation about world affairs, national security and the future of America.” “It was an extremely positive and productive conversation,” the statement said. Trump  met for an hour with Mattis. Asked if Mattis would be his defense secretary, Trump said, “He’s a great guy. He is some great man.”  The Trump team statement said Trump and Vice President-elect Mike Pence were “very impressed” with Mattis. “They had an incredibly in-depth conversation on plans for national security. The discussion included ISIS, the Middle East, North Korea, China, NATO and other hotspots around the world,” the statement said. Romney, who was a leader of the establishment Republican “never Trump” movement that tried to block Trump from becoming the nominee, was first in a long list of people Trump was meeting with on Saturday and Sunday as he seeks to fill out his Cabinet and gather advice ahead of his Jan. 20 move to the White House. In March, Romney said Trump would be dangerous as president, with policies that could touch off a recession. Romney also said, “I’m afraid that when it comes to foreign policy he is very, very not smart.”  Trump had denounced Romney as a “choke artist” for losing the 2012 election to President Barack Obama. But with the New York real estate developer now president-in-waiting, Romney’s appearance at Trump National Bedminster on an unseasonably warm November day was symbolic of hard-won party unity.     Whether Romney will join the Trump administration is unclear. Romney, a more mainstream Republican, would serve alongside more hawkish Trump appointees named on Friday: Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama as attorney general, retired Lieutenant General Michael Flynn as national security adviser and Representative Mike Pompeo as CIA director. Those nominations suggest Trump is setting up his administration to take a hard line confronting Islamist militancy and curbing illegal immigration. Transition officials said Trump’s meeting with Romney was supposed to be a general discussion about the incoming administration. A Romney confidant said of Romney’s secretary of state prospects: “Could it happen? I suppose. But it’s unlikely.” Instead, the source said the meeting gives “the good housekeeping seal of approval to Republicans who don’t know if they should help Trump or not.”     Trump has been considering former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani, a close adviser, for secretary of state, as well as former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations John Bolton and Senator Bob Corker of Tennessee. Trump is to meet Giuliani on Sunday. Also on Saturday, Trump met with Andy Puzder, chief executive of CKE Restaurants, the fast-food giant that operates the Carl’s Jr. and Hardee’s chains. Afterwards, Trump said he was “getting very close” to making some Cabinet decisions. Puzder, a possible labor secretary, said he would be “proud to serve in any position that this president asks me to serve in.” In addition, he met with two candidates for education secretary: Michelle Rhee, the former Washington, D.C., public schools chancellor, and Betsy DeVos, a former head of the Michigan Republican Party. On Sunday, Trump is to sit down with Wilbur Ross, a potential commerce secretary who made billions by investing in bankrupt companies and distressed assets, and business executive David McCormick, head of investment firm Bridgewater Associates, as well as New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, who was recently demoted in his role on Trump’s transition team. ",1
7155,Senior U.S. officials recommend removal of NSA director: sources,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The heads of the Pentagon and the U.S. intelligence community have recommended to President Barack Obama that the director of the National Security Agency, Admiral Michael Rogers, be removed from his position, sources familiar with the matter said on Saturday.     The recommendation by Defense Secretary Ash Carter and Director of National Intelligence James Clapper, first reported by The Washington Post, was delivered to the White House last month.         Obama chose Rogers to take over at the NSA in 2014 and gave him the task of repairing the damage after the huge leaks about its electronic spying program by contractor Edward Snowden.      But there have been other security lapses, the sources said, including the one that led to the arrest of NSA contractor Harold Martin earlier this year.          Rogers is being considered as a potential new director of national intelligence by President-elect Donald Trump, a post that oversees all 17 U.S. intelligence agencies.     The Washington Post reported that a decision by Rogers to travel to New York to meet with Trump on Thursday without notifying superiors caused consternation at senior levels of the administration, but the recommendation to remove him predated his visit. Rogers is head of both the National Security Agency and the U.S. military’s Cyber Command. Carter was also disappointed with the Cyber Command’s performance in the war against Islamic State, another source said. The White House, Pentagon, NSA and office of the Director of National Intelligence declined to comment. A Trump campaign spokesman had no immediate comment.      U.S. Representative Devin Nunes, chairman of the House of Representatives Intelligence Committee and a Republican, said later on Saturday he had written to Carter and Clapper asking them to testify to the committee about the matter. The Obama administration wants to split leadership at the National Security Agency and Cyber Command, arguing that the job of leading two agencies with differing missions is too much for one person.     But some members of Congress, led by Republican Senator John McCain, the Senate Armed Services Committee chairman, oppose that plan, saying that Cyber Command needs access to the NSA’s resources to do its job effectively.        ",1
7156,Trump blasts 'Hamilton' cast as 'rude'; creator Miranda says he's 'proud',"NEW YORK (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump on Saturday demanded an apology from the cast of “Hamilton” for appealing from the stage to Mike Pence to “uphold our American values” while the vice-president-elect was attending a performance of the Broadway hit. “The Theater must always be a safe and special place. The cast of Hamilton was very rude last night to a very good man, Mike Pence. Apologize!” Trump wrote on Twitter, taking time out from his search for appointees to his incoming administration. “Our wonderful future V.P. Mike Pence was harassed last night at the theater by the cast of Hamilton, cameras blazing. This should not happen!” Trump wrote. A mix of boos and cheers greeted Pence, a Republican, as he  entered the Richard Rodgers Theater in New York on Friday night to watch the highly acclaimed rap musical about the country’s founding fathers, whose color-blind cast features African-American and Latino actors portraying the country’s founding fathers, all of whom were white. After the show, Brandon Victor Dixon, who plays America’s third vice president, Aaron Burr, read a statement directed at Pence while standing in front of the cast in full costume.     “We, sir — we — are the diverse America who are alarmed and anxious that your new administration will not protect us, our planet, our children, our parents, or defend us and uphold our inalienable rights,” Dixon said.  Pence had already begun to leave his seat as Dixon began his remarks, videos posted on social media showed. “We truly hope that this show has inspired you to uphold our American values and to work on behalf of all of us,” Dixon said as audience members cheered and clapped. Trump’s remarks triggered a barrage of posts on Twitter, most of which were critical of the president-elect. Anthony Romero, executive director of the American Civil Liberties Union, said in a statement that the “Hamilton” cast was exercising the right to free speech and that Trump was wrong to criticize them for doing so. “The apology should instead come from President-elect Trump for calling into question the appropriateness of the Hamilton cast’s statements,” Romero said.   A show spokesman said Pence stood in the hallway outside the entrance to the auditorium and heard the full remarks, the New York Times reported.   “Hamilton” is a hip-hop-infused musical that tells the story of Alexander Hamilton, a penniless immigrant who rose to become the right-hand man of General George Washington, as well as a key figure in the creation of the U.S. financial system and the creator of the U.S. Coast Guard. He was killed in an 1804 duel with Burr.             The actor Dixon fired back at Trump’s allegations of harassment.  “@realDonaldTrump conversation is not harassment sir. And I appreciate @mike_pence for stopping to listen,” he tweeted in response to Trump’s Tweet. The show’s award-winning creator, Lin-Manuel Miranda, posted his own response. “Proud of @HamiltonMusical. Proud of @BrandonVDixon, for leading with love. And proud to remind you that ALL are welcome at the theater,” Miranda wrote on Twitter. Former U.S. House Speaker Newt Gingrich, who supported Trump during the presidential campaign, slammed the cast’s actions in a message on Twitter.  “The arrogance and hostility of the Hamilton cast to the Vice President elect ( a guest at the theater) is a reminder the left still fights,” wrote Gingrich, who is viewed as a possible pick for Trump’s cabinet.  Kellyanne Conway, Trump’s campaign manager, wrote on Twitter that Pence had deserved “respect and a peaceful night out with his nephew and daughter” at the theater. ",1
7157,Contenders for key jobs in Trump administration,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump held talks on Saturday with 2012 Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney, a meeting between famous foes fueling speculation that Romney could be in line to be the new U.S. secretary of state. Working to fill administration positions ahead of his inauguration on Jan. 20, Trump also met for an hour with retired Marine General James Mattis, who is considered a strong contender for defense secretary or another high-ranking job.  On Friday it was announced that Trump had chosen Republican Senator Jeff Sessions to be attorney general, retired Lieutenant General Michael Flynn to be national security adviser and Republican Congressman Mike Pompeo to head the CIA. Trump announced on Sunday he would make Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus his White House chief of staff and named Stephen Bannon, former head of the conservative website Breitbart News, as his chief strategist and senior counselor. Below are people mentioned as contenders for senior roles. * Steven Mnuchin, former Goldman Sachs Group Inc executive and Trump’s campaign finance chairman * Jeb Hensarling, U.S. representative from Texas and chairman of the House Financial Services Committee * Jamie Dimon, JPMorgan Chase & Co chief executive officer * Tom Barrack, founder and chairman of Colony Capital Inc * Mitt Romney, 2012 presidential nominee and former Massachusetts governor  * Rudy Giuliani, former mayor of New York City * Nikki Haley, governor of South Carolina * Jeff Sessions, U.S. senator from Alabama and early Trump supporter, member of the Senate Armed Services Committee  * John Bolton, former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations under President George W. Bush * Bob Corker, U.S. senator from Tennessee and chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee * Zalmay Khalilzad, former U.S. ambassador to Iraq * James Mattis, retired Marine general * David Petraeus, ex-CIA director and retired general * Tom Cotton, U.S. senator from Arkansas       * Jon Kyl, former U.S. senator from Arizona * Duncan Hunter, U.S. representative from California and early Trump supporter, member of the House Armed Services Committee * Jim Talent, former U.S. senator from Missouri who was on the Senate Armed Services Committee  * Kelly Ayotte, outgoing U.S. senator from New Hampshire and member of the Senate Armed Services Committee * Jeff Sessions, senior member of the Senate Judiciary Committee who takes a hard line on immigration, was announced as the choice on Nov. 18. * Tom Price, U.S. representative from Georgia who is an orthopedic surgeon * Rick Scott, Florida governor  * Rich Bagger, former pharmaceutical executive and former top aide to New Jersey Governor Chris Christie * Bobby Jindal, former Louisiana governor * Michael McCaul, U.S. representative from Texas and chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee * David Clarke, Milwaukee county sheriff and vocal Trump supporter  * Joe Arpaio, outgoing Maricopa County, Arizona, sheriff who campaigned for Trump  * Jeff Holmstead, energy lawyer, former EPA official during George W. Bush administration * Mike Catanzaro, energy lobbyist, former EPA official during George W. Bush administration * Robert Grady, venture capitalist, partner in private equity firm Gryphon Investors  * Leslie Rutledge, Arkansas attorney general * Carol Comer, commissioner of the Indiana Department of Environmental Management * Harold Hamm, Oklahoma oil and gas mogul, chief executive of Continental Resources Inc * Kevin Cramer, U.S. Representative from North Dakota * Robert Grady, venture capitalist, partner in private equity firm Gryphon Investors  * Larry Nichols, co-founder of Devon Energy Corp * James Connaughton, chief executive of Nautilus Data Technologies and a former environmental adviser to President George W. Bush * Sarah Palin, former Alaska governor, 2008 Republican vice presidential nominee * Jan Brewer, former Arizona governor * Forrest Lucas, founder of oil products company Lucas Oil * Harold Hamm, Oklahoma oil and gas mogul, chief executive of Continental Resources Inc * Robert Grady, venture capitalist, partner in private equity firm Gryphon Investors * Wilbur Ross, billionaire investor, chairman of Invesco Ltd subsidiary WL Ross & Co * Linda McMahon, former World Wrestling Entertainment executive and two-time Senate candidate * Ronald Burgess, retired lieutenant general and former Defense Intelligence Agency chief  * Robert Cardillo, director of the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency * Pete Hoekstra, former U.S. representative from Michigan * Republican U.S. Representative Mike Pompeo was announced as the choice on Nov. 18.  * Michael Flynn, retired lieutenant general and former director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, was announced as the choice on Nov. 18. * Kelly Ayotte, outgoing U.S. senator from New Hampshire and member of the Senate Armed Services Committee * Richard Grenell, former spokesman for the United States at the United Nations  * Peter King, U.S. representative from New York * Dan DiMicco, former chief executive of steel producer Nucor Corp The Trump transition team confirmed he would choose from the list of 21 names he drew up during his campaign, including U.S. Senator Mike Lee of Utah, and William Pryor, a federal judge with the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals.  * Victoria Lipnic, U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission commissioner and former Labor Department official during the George W. Bush administration. * Andrew Puzder, CEO of CKE Restaurants. ",1
7158,"Trump picks conservative loyalists for top security, law enforcement jobs","NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump picked three conservative loyalists to lead his national security and law enforcement teams on Friday, underscoring his campaign promise to take a hard line confronting Islamist militancy and curbing illegal immigration. Trump picked U.S. Senator Jeff Sessions for attorney general, rewarding a staunch supporter whose tough and sometimes inflammatory statements on immigration have reflected his own. The choice was applauded by the top Republican in the Senate but drew sharp criticism from civil rights activists. Retired Army Lieutenant General Mike Flynn, who has championed Trump’s promises to take a more aggressive approach to terrorism, was chosen as his national security adviser.  Trump named Representative Mike Pompeo, a vocal critic of the Obama administration’s security policy, as director of the Central Intelligence Agency. The three choices, announced by Trump’s transition team, come as the Republican president-elect works to fill key positions in his administration, which will take over from Democratic President Barack Obama on Jan. 20. The picks could heighten concerns abroad that the Trump administration might carry out campaign promises of banning Muslims from entering the United States or imposing more severe restrictions on migrants from countries or regions with high levels of militant Islamist activity, such as Iraq and Syria.  Sessions and Pompeo seem likely to be confirmed by the Senate despite heavy resistance from Democrats. Republicans will control a majority, with at least 51 seats in the 100-seat chamber, when Congress reconvenes in January. Flynn’s post does not need Senate confirmation.   One of the earliest Republican lawmakers to support Trump’s White House candidacy, Sessions opposes any path to citizenship for illegal immigrants and was an enthusiastic backer of Trump’s campaign promise to build a wall on the border with Mexico. He has also argued for curbs on legal immigration on the grounds that it drives down wages for U.S. workers. A former Alabama attorney general and U.S. attorney, Sessions, 69, has been in the Senate for 19 years. Allegations that he made racist remarks led the Senate to deny his confirmation as a federal judge in 1986. The chamber’s top Democrat, Chuck Schumer, said he would want Sessions to answer  “tough questions” about his civil rights positions. The attorney general acts as the country’s chief law enforcement officer and head of the Justice Department. Civil rights groups slammed Sessions as a poor choice to head a department charged with protecting voting rights and running immigration courts. “How can we trust someone in that role who has demonstrated he thinks all forms of immigration are bad for America?” said Beth Werlin, head of the American Immigration Council.  Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said he strongly supported Sessions for attorney general, calling him “principled, forthright, and hardworking.” Sessions has been one of Trump’s most enthusiastic backers on Capitol Hill and the president-elect has hired several of Sessions’ staffers, including policy chief Stephen Miller and Rick Dearborn, who has a top job managing the transition. Also on Friday, the first set of transition “landing teams” were starting work at the departments of State, Justice, Defense and the National Security Council to begin hashing out the details of shifting to a new administration.  Flynn, one of Trump’s closest advisers, was fired from the Defense Intelligence Agency in 2014, a move he has attributed to his outspoken views about fighting Islamist militancy. Other officials who worked with Flynn cited his lack of management skills and leadership style as reasons for his firing. An Army intelligence veteran of three decades, Flynn was assistant director of national intelligence under Obama. He views the 2003 invasion of Iraq as a strategic blunder and has refused to condemn Trump’s support for the renewed use of waterboarding. This is an interrogation technique that simulates drowning, is widely considered torture and was banned by Obama. Pompeo, 52, a third-term Republican congressman and former U.S. Army officer who founded an aerospace company, was a surprise pick to lead the CIA. A member of the House Intelligence Committee, Pompeo has called for a revival and expansion of a now-defunct domestic spying program to include “financial and lifestyle information” as well as phone records. He has said that Edward Snowden, a former government contractor who uncovered the spying program and who now lives in Russia, should get the death penalty if he is ever tried and convicted. Pompeo has been one of the most aggressive critics of the Obama administration’s handling of a 2012 attack on U.S. diplomatic facilities in Benghazi, Libya, that killed the U.S. ambassador and three other Americans.  Nevertheless, Democrats who have worked with him joined Republicans in describing Pompeo as knowledgeable and hard working. “While we have had our share of strong differences - principally on the politicization of the tragedy in Benghazi - I know that he is someone who is willing to listen and engage,”  Representative Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the Intelligence Committee, said on Friday.  Trump met on Friday with former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee, a possible pick to head the Department of Homeland Security, and U.S. Senator Tom Cotton of Arkansas, a possible candidate for defense secretary. Trump is considering retired General David Petraeus, who resigned as CIA chief in 2012 after an extra-marital affair, is being considered for the post of defense secretary, the Wall Street Journal said. Trump was expected to spend the weekend in Bedminster, New Jersey, the home of the Trump National Golf Club. On Saturday he was scheduled to meet with Mitt Romney, the 2012 Republican presidential nominee. Romney was one of the fiercest Republican critics of Trump during his unorthodox election campaign but is now under possible consideration for secretary of state. Admiral Mike Rogers, director of the National Security Agency, is the leading candidate to serve as Trump’s director of national intelligence, the Wall Street Journal reported.              ",1
7159,Trump defends decision to settle Trump University lawsuits,"(Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump on Saturday defended his decision to settle lawsuits over his Trump University real estate seminars for $25 million, saying he does not have time to fight the fraud cases in court now that he is headed to the White House. The lawsuits cast a shadow over the Republican’s presidential campaign and led to one of the more controversial moments of his run for the White House when he claimed the judge overseeing two of the cases was biased because he was of Mexican ancestry.  While denying any wrongdoing, Trump agreed on Friday to pay $25 million to settle the lawsuits. “I settled the Trump University lawsuit for a small fraction of the potential award because as President I have to focus on our country,” Trump wrote on Twitter on Saturday morning.   New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman has said over 5,000 students across the country were defrauded out of about $40 million, so Trump’s settlement of $25 million was around 60 percent of these estimated damages.  “The ONLY bad thing about winning the Presidency is that I did not have the time to go through a long but winning trial on Trump U. Too bad!” He said in a second tweet. In announcing the settlement, Schneiderman said the deal followed repeated refusals by Trump “to settle for even modest amounts of compensation for the victims of his phony university.” In a statement, Schneiderman called the settlement a “stunning reversal by Donald Trump and a major victory for the over 6,000 victims of his fraudulent university.” Students had claimed they were they were lured by false promises into paying up to $35,000 to learn Trump’s real estate investing secrets from his hand-picked instructors. Trump’s lawyers denied this. The deal covers three lawsuits relating to Trump University: two class actions suits in California and a New York case brought by Schneiderman. U.S. District Judge Gonzalo Curiel in San Diego must still approved the settlement. During his election campaign, Trump said that Curiel, who was born in Indiana to Mexican immigrant parents, could not be impartial because of Trump’s campaign pledge to build a wall on the U.S.-Mexico border to control illegal immigration.      ",1
7160,"Trump to meet Wilbur Ross, possible choice for commerce secretary","BEDMINSTER, N.J. (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump will meet on Sunday with billionaire investor Wilbur Ross, a possible candidate for commerce secretary in the new administration, a spokesman for Trump’s transition team said on Saturday. Trump, who takes office on Jan. 20, will also meet with others on Sunday, including New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani and Kris Kobach, the Kansas secretary of state and architect of anti-immigration efforts who says he is advising Trump on immigration issues. A Trump transition team official said a senior appointment could be announced soon.          ",1
7161,China state media warn Trump against renouncing free trade deals,"SHANGHAI (Reuters) - Chinese state media warned U.S. President-elect Donald Trump on Saturday against flip-flopping on trade deals in Asia, as Asia-Pacific leaders gathered for a summit amid fears that growing protectionism will stunt global economic growth. During the raucous election campaign, Trump fuelled concerns among many of the United States’ trading partners by pledging to renegotiate trade accords such as the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) and impose tariffs on imports from countries such as China. “Turning his trade-bashing campaign talks into actual policies could bash any hope that the Asia-Pacific will finally have its much-wanted free trade deal,” said a commentary in the official Xinhua news agency on Saturday. “Worse, it could drag his country and the wider world into deeper economic distress,” added the agency, which is a barometer of government thinking.  Xinhua also said that the exclusion of China from the proposed Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) free trade agreement was not about boosting trade and instead was U.S. President Barack Obama’s strategy to make sure Washington “rules supreme in the region.” Obama, Chinese President Xi Jinping and other Pacific Rim leaders are meeting at the annual Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) forum in Peru this weekend. Though Obama championed the TPP as a way to counter China’s rise, his administration has now stopped trying to win congressional approval for the deal that was signed by 12 economies in the Americas and Asia-Pacific, but excluded China. Without U.S. approval the agreement as currently negotiated cannot come to fruition. China’s Xi is selling an alternate vision for regional trade by promoting the Beijing-backed Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership (RCEP), which as it stands excludes the Americas. Chinese state media has warned Trump against isolationism and interventionism, calling instead for the United States to actively work with China to maintain the international status quo. “The billionaire-turned-politician needs to prove that derailing the global economy has not been one of the reasons why he ran for U.S. president,” Xinhua said.     ",1
7162,Trump's national security adviser vows to tackle North Korea nuclear threat: Yonhap,"SEOUL (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump’s national security adviser says North Korea’s nuclear program would be given a high priority under the new administration, a South Korean official who held talks with him said on Saturday. Michael Flynn, one of Trump’s closest advisers, also said he would work to strengthen the U.S. alliance with South Korea, calling the relationship “vital,” the South’s deputy presidential national security adviser Cho Tae-yong was quoted as saying by Yonhap news agency. Cho was leading a South Korean delegation to the United States to meet with key advisers to the president-elect to discuss the two countries’ response to the North’s pursuit of nuclear weapons in defiance of international sanctions. Cho spoke to South Korean reporters in Washington following the meeting with Flynn, Yonhap said. Flynn is a retired Army lieutenant general and a military intelligence veteran of three decades who has championed Trump’s promises to take a more aggressive approach to terrorism. His appointment as national security adviser this week does not require Senate confirmation.     The North conducted its fourth and fifth nuclear tests this year under young leader Kim Jong Un, who has vowed to build a nuclear arsenal and ballistic missiles to deliver them. The U.N. Security Council has held discussions to adopt a toughened new sanctions resolution following the North’s Sept. 9 nuclear blast.  U.S. President Barack Obama has been criticized by Congressional Republicans that his policy of “strategic patience” was a failure and that he must make full use of sanctions authorities given to him by Congress.  Trump pledged his commitment to defend South Korea under an existing security alliance during a phone call with South Korean President Park Geun-hye, Yonhap said last week. Trump had suggested during the election campaign he would be willing to withdraw U.S. military stationed in South Korea unless Seoul paid a greater share of the cost of the deployment. There are about 28,500 U.S. troops based in South Korea in combined defense against North Korea. ",1
7163,Pro-business Sessions will not go easy on corporate crime: lawyers,"(Reuters) - Jeff Sessions may be known as a pro-business conservative but as U.S. attorney general he is unlikely to shy away from indicting big companies and individuals for serious white-collar crimes, legal experts said, citing his record as a lawmaker. President-elect Donald Trump on Friday named Sessions, a four-term senator from Alabama and former federal prosecutor, to lead the Justice Department. Sessions, 69, an early supporter of Trump, is expected to accept the cabinet post if confirmed. A spokesman for Sessions did not respond to a request for comment. Because of the dearth of big banks and companies in his home state, there is little in Sessions’ track record as a federal prosecutor and state attorney general from the 1970s to the 1990s to suggest how he might approach complex cases of corporate malfeasance. But a review of his record in the Senate indicates he will likely push for corporate indictments, instead of settling for fines, and may focus on putting more executives in prison, lawyers who specialize in white-collar crime said. For example, during a 2010 confirmation hearing for James Cole, Sessions questioned the former U.S. deputy attorney general about the “dangerous” philosophy of not charging companies criminally because of concerns that doing so could lead to bankruptcy and hurt employees and shareholders. “Normally, I was taught if they violated a law, you charge them. If they didn’t violate the law, you don’t charge them,” Sessions said during the hearing. Matthew Schwartz, a former federal prosecutor and lawyer at Boies, Schiller & Flexner, said Sessions’ remarks suggested that he may be more willing than the current administration to require a guilty plea from corporations with less concern for  collateral consequences.  He said Sessions would also likely support the Justice Department’s renewed efforts to prosecute executives, outlined in a policy memo last year by Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates. While an unabashed businessman, Trump was highly critical of Hillary Clinton’s ties to Wall Street, accusing his Democratic rival of being beholden to the interests of big investment banks.  That message resonated with many working class voters who suffered in the financial crisis of 2008 and are still angry that no top-level Wall Street figures have been prosecuted for acts that almost brought down the global financial system.  “Until we see evidence to the contrary, it appears that the new Justice Department will be one that will seek to hold every individual accountable to the fullest extent. So the stakes may be higher,” Schwartz said. Jackson Sharman, a white-collar defense lawyer in Alabama, said that he believed Sessions would want to be as tough on white-collar as on street criminals. He pointed to Sessions’ recent opposition to a crime bill that would have shown sentencing leniency for non-violent offenders. Daniel Richman, a former federal prosecutor and Columbia Law School professor, who has testified before Sessions’ Senate Judiciary Committee, agreed that the Alabama senator will be “a strong supporter” of corporate enforcement. In the past, Sessions has come out in favor of tough Justice Department tactics against companies accused of fraud.  In 2007, corporate counsels pushed for a law that would have stopped the Justice Department from pressuring companies to waive attorney-client privilege during fraud investigations. But during a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing, Sessions argued against any such rule, noting that prosecutors regularly pressure street criminals to waive constitutional rights using the threat of tougher penalties if they do not co-operate.  Sessions said the Justice Department should be able to use similar leverage against corporations.  Corporate crime “is not easy to prosecute or investigate. They have the best lawyers that you can find, and they utilize all the legitimate tools that they have,” Sessions said. “And you have to be strong... a prosecutor cannot be a weak-kneed person going up against a major corporation in a fraud case.” ",1
7164,"Claims of votes by the dead, felons cloud North Carolina governor race","WINSTON-SALEM, N.C. (Reuters) - North Carolina’s gubernatorial race was undecided 10 days after the Nov. 8 vote and new allegations by the Republican incumbent’s campaign about felons and dead people casting ballots could leave the outcome in limbo for weeks. Republican Governor Pat McCrory, trailing Democratic challenger Roy Cooper by about 6,300 votes according to the state elections website Friday afternoon, has not conceded. Under state law, Friday was the deadline for counties to certify their results. But challenges over the validity of hundreds of votes and reviews of provisional ballots were expected to delay the reports from many, if not all, of the state’s 100 counties, elections officials said. The uncertainty has been punctuated this week by a war of words, with McCrory’s campaign accusing Cooper of being lax on voter fraud and Cooper’s campaign calling the incumbent dishonest and desperate. “It is unfortunate to see that rather than accepting the results, Pat McCrory is going to go down by besmirching Republican election officials (and) by impugning voters,” Marc Elias, a lawyer for the Cooper campaign, said in a call with reporters on Friday. McCrory’s campaign, however, argues it is following the legal process to ensure all legitimate votes are counted. Protests being filed by registered voters in some 50 counties argue that up to 200 ballots should be thrown out because they were cast under the names of dead people or by felons or individuals who voted more than once, according to the campaign. McCrory representatives also said thousands of votes in 12 counties may have been part of an absentee ballot fraud scheme. Several counties rejected election protests on Friday, including Durham County, where Republicans had called into question the tabulation of about 90,000 ballots on election night, local media reported. All of the state’s county elections boards are controlled by Republicans. Elias said there are not enough votes at issue to keep Cooper from winning. McCrory campaign spokesman Ricky Diaz called that claim presumptuous with counting incomplete. “There’s additional cases of voter fraud being discovered each day,” he said in a phone interview. If McCrory trails by 10,000 or fewer votes once counties submit their final tallies, he could demand a recount. A Cooper victory would be the only governorship addition  for Democrats. Republicans, who flipped seats in New Hampshire, Missouri and Vermont, will hold at least 33 governor offices next year, the most for the party since 1922. ",1
7165,"Trump's CIA pick supports domestic surveillance, opposes Iran deal","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Representative Mike Pompeo, President-elect Donald Trump’s surprise choice to head the CIA, supports the U.S. government’s sweeping collection of Americans’ communications data and wants to scrap the nuclear deal with Iran. The retired Army officer, West Point and Harvard Law School graduate also has defended the CIA’s use of interrogation techniques that are widely condemned as torture. The Kansas Republican has criticized Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton’s use of a private email server as secretary of state and her handling of the 2012 attacks on U.S. posts in Benghazi, Libya. A member of the House of Representatives Intelligence Committee, Pompeo, 52, was first elected in the 2010 Tea Party wave from the congressional district centered on his hometown of Wichita. Members of both parties regard him as intelligent, collegial and capable, with a keen grasp of national security issues. “Mike is very bright and hard-working, and will devote himself to helping the agency develop the best possible intelligence for policy makers,” said Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House intelligence committee. “While we have had our share of strong differences - principally on the politicization of the tragedy in Benghazi - I know that he is someone who is willing to listen and engage.”  Pompeo “is a serious guy who studies issues carefully,” said former National Security Agency and CIA director Michael Hayden. Some civil liberties and human rights advocates, however, expressed concern over Pompeo’s selection because he opposes  closing the Guantanamo Bay detention center. They also criticized his support for the National Security Agency’s now-defunct bulk communications metadata collection and other surveillance programs. “These positions and others merit serious public scrutiny through a confirmation process,” said Anthony Romero, the executive director of the American Civil Liberties Union. In a January op-ed in the Wall Street Journal he co-authored, Pompeo called for a “fundamental upgrade to America’s surveillance capabilities,” including resuming bulk collection of domestic phone metadata, the numbers and time stamps of calls, but not their content.  The program, which a federal appeals court and two governmental review panels found to be illegal and ineffective, should be expanded to include “publicly available financial and lifestyle information into a comprehensive, searchable database”, and that “legal and bureaucratic impediments to surveillance should be removed,” he wrote. He also called for the death penalty for Edward Snowden, the NSA contractor who disclosed the existence of the metadata program and other top-secret surveillance programs.    Pompeo stands a good chance of being confirmed by the Republican-controlled Senate. Announcement of his nomination was warmly greeted by Senator Richard Burr, the chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee, which will conduct his confirmation hearing.  Pompeo has been at the forefront of attacks in Congress on Clinton, accusing her of “criminality” for storing emails containing classified information on her private server. He served on the Republican-led House committee that investigated the attacks by Islamist extremists on U.S. diplomatic and CIA posts in Benghazi that killed four Americans. While the panel found no wrongdoing by the administration, Pompeo and another member appended to the final report a commentary accusing Clinton and other officials of failing to protect the posts and to respond appropriately to the attacks.     Democrats accused Pompeo of using inaccurate information to exaggerate alleged failures by Clinton on Benghazi.Some of Pompeo’s positions also are at odds with the assessments of the intelligence officers and analysts Trump wants him to command. While he has argued that the CIA’s use of harsh interrogation techniques, including waterboarding, which simulates drowning, produced useful intelligence, current CIA Director John Brennan has said he would resign if he were ordered to resume the practice. Other CIA and military officers and FBI agents have said so-called “enhanced interrogation techniques” do not produce reliable information because prisoners will “say anything” to end their suffering, as one CIA official put it. Pompeo also is at odds with the intelligence community’s assessment of the 2015 deal that lifted financial sanctions from Iran in return for limits on its nuclear program. He has vowed to overturn the deal, and suggested in a 2014 roundtable with journalists that the United States should bomb Iran’s nuclear facilities, a proposal that U.S. intelligence experts said would only delay Tehran’s development of a warhead, not halt it. Pompeo also has opposed the regulation of greenhouse gas emissions to combat climate change, while at the CIA, a recently created Mission Center for Global Issues tracks global warming as a threat to U.S. security. He has taken positions that are at odds with Trump’s, notably on Russia’s actions in Ukraine and its military support for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, who also is supported by Iran. Russia has established a toehold in the Middle East, and “we now have the Iranian-Russian axis there largely running free,” Pompeo told a security forum in 2015. Pompeo, who was born in California, graduated first in his class from the U.S. Military Academy at West Point and was an artillery officer in the army for five years. He received a degree from the Harvard Law School and was an editor of the prestigious Harvard Law Review.     ",1
7166,A surge in U.S. deportations could swamp an overtaxed system,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump’s plan to rapidly deport 2 to 3 million illegal immigrants with criminal records would further tax a system already stretched to its limits, current and former U.S. immigration officials say. Immigration courts, which issue deportation orders, set bond and grant or deny asylum, currently have a backlog of more than 500,000 cases.  Boosting staff could help address the problem but that could prove difficult. Officials at the Departments of Justice and Homeland Security say they have had trouble quickly finding and vetting enough qualified candidates to fill all the positions for judges and immigration agents that Congress has authorized.  The Executive Office of Immigration Review, which adjudicates immigration cases, has so far been able to fill only 294 judge positions out of the 374 Congress has authorized because the process is slow by necessity. Candidates for the job “face a rigorous screening process comparable to that of the appointment of a U.S. attorney,” said spokeswoman Kathryn Mattingly.  Trump said last week after his election victory that once he takes office he will move to deport or incarcerate up to 3 million illegal immigrants who have criminal records.     At U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, a force of 6,200 agents responsible for arresting and deporting criminal migrants is already spread thin. While some agents could be redeployed to other areas, more agents would likely need to be hired if deportations were sharply escalated, said an Immigration and Customs Enforcement official who asked not to named. The agency would probably need to add detention space as well, the official added.  More apprehensions of migrants could also strain the Border Patrol, which has struggled to fill open positions. Congress has mandated a force of more than 21,000 border agents, but it currently stands at just over 19,000. Former U.S. Border Patrol chief Mike Fisher said the agency ran into problems a decade ago after Congress asked it to double the number of Border Patrol agents from 6,000 to 12,000 between 2004 and 2006. The push to hire quickly helped fuel corruption, a March 2016 report by the Department of Homeland Security’s independent advisory council found.   The report concluded that the rapid hiring was exploited by Mexican drug gangs, which sent in cartel-friendly applicants for the patrol jobs. Once hired, they then facilitated drug smuggling across the U.S.-Mexico border. The agency began using polygraph tests in 2010 to weed out applicants with criminal histories or ties to cartels. Fisher said the testing made it harder to find qualified candidates, estimating that by the time he left in 2015, the border patrol made one hire out of every 100 applicants. “I can’t imagine if they said ‘double it’ now,” Fisher said.  Trump could try to change laws and procedures to expedite deportation processes, which could reduce the need for additional personnel.  On Friday, Trump tapped Republican Senator Jeff Sessions to be attorney general. Sessions has supported Trump’s plan to build a wall on the U.S. border with Mexico and undo Obama’s executive actions on immigration.  During President Barack Obama’s time in office, the United States has deported about 2.5 million illegal immigrants, more than under any other president. ",1
7167,Trump agrees to pay $25 million to settle Trump University lawsuits,"NEW YORK/SAN DIEGO (Reuters) - Donald Trump agreed on Friday to pay $25 million to settle fraud lawsuits over his Trump University real estate seminars, in what New York’s attorney general called a “stunning reversal” for the U.S. president-elect. The lawsuits had dogged Trump, who denied any wrongdoing,  throughout his campaign. They led to one of the more controversial moments of his run when he claimed the judge overseeing two of the cases was biased because he was of Mexican ancestry. The settlement was announced by New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman, who said it followed repeated refusals by Trump “to settle for even modest amounts of compensation for the victims of his phony university.” Lawyers for Trump had argued against students, who claimed they were they were lured by false promises into paying up to $35,000 to learn Trump’s real estate investing “secrets” from his “hand-picked” instructors. Three lawsuits relating to Trump University will be covered by the deal: two class actions suits in California and a New York case brought by Schneiderman. The agreement must still be approved by U.S. District Judge Gonzalo Curiel in San Diego. Trump will not admit any wrongdoing under the agreement. His attorney, Daniel Petrocelli, acknowledged Trump had previously vowed to fight the case. The settlement demonstrated Trump’s desire to set his personal feelings aside in order to work on issues facing the county, Petrocelli said. “President-elect Trump has laser focus on moving forward. It’s time to move on,” Petrocelli told reporters on Friday. Schneiderman and attorneys for the students praised the deal. “Today’s $25 million settlement agreement is a stunning reversal by Donald Trump and a major victory for the over 6,000 victims of his fraudulent university,” Schneiderman said in a statement. At a court hearing on Friday, students’ attorney Jason Forge said that out of the $25 million proposed settlement, $4 million will be earmarked for students represented by Schneiderman who were not part of the California class actions, as well as administrative costs. Class action lawyers for the students will not seek attorneys fees, but reimbursement for costs, he said.  Curiel, who is presiding over the two California cases, had urged both sides to settle. Trump said during his election campaign that Curiel, who was born in Indiana to Mexican immigrant parents, could not be impartial because of Trump’s campaign pledge to build a wall on the U.S.-Mexico border to control illegal immigration. In court on Friday, Trump lawyer Petrocelli praised Curiel for his hard work on the case.  Curiel said he hoped the settlement could be part of a healing process after the U.S. election “that this country very sorely needs.” ",1
7168,"Factbox: Trump to meet with Huckabee, Romney, others this weekend","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Republican President-elect Donald Trump will hold more meetings on Friday and Saturday as he moves to select people for his cabinet and administration, his transition team told reporters on Friday.  He is scheduled to meet with the following people: *Former Arkansas governor and Republican presidential candidate *Under consideration for U.S. homeland security secretary *Arrived alongside Tom Cotton, the freshman U.S. senator from Arkansas who, according to FOX News, is under consideration for U.S. Defense Secretary *Republican donor and former chair of the Michigan Republican Party  *Republican National Committee finance chairman *Retired four-star general and head of U.S. Central Command  *Visiting fellow at the Hoover Institution, a conservative-leaning think tank at Stanford University *CKE Restaurants chief executive officer and director *Under consideration for U.S. labor secretary, according to Politico *2012 Republican presidential nominee *Former governor of Massachusetts and CEO of 2002 Winter Olympic Games in Salt Lake City *Under possible consideration for U.S. secretary of state *Former chancellor of Washington D.C., public school system *Founder of StudentsFirst, an education advocacy group *Under consideration for education secretary, according to media reports *Chicago Cubs board member *Director and CEO of Ending Spending, a political group that has said it wants to reduce “wasteful and excessive government spending” *Founder and president of Center for Neighborhood Enterprise, a community development advocacy group  ",1
7169,"Trump considering Petraeus, others for Pentagon chief: WSJ","(Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump is considering retired General David Petraeus, who resigned as CIA chief in 2012 after an extra-marital affair was revealed, is being considered for the post of defense secretary, the Wall Street Journal reported on Friday, citing people with knowledge of the transition process. Also under consideration as Pentagon chief are retired Marine General James Mattis, retired Army General Jack Keane, former national security adviser Stephen Hadley and former Senator Jim Talent, the Journal said. Keane said on Twitter on Friday that he will not be joining the new administration. ",1
7170,NSA director Rogers is top candidate for DNI under Trump: WSJ,"(Reuters) - U.S. National Security Agency Director Admiral Mike Rogers is the leading candidate to become President-elect Donald Trump’s next director of national intelligence, the Wall Street Journal reported on Friday, citing two unnamed people familiar with the matter. Rogers met with Trump in New York on Thursday, members of Trump’s transition team said on Friday.  ",1
7171,"With Trump victory, blunt U.S. general gets second chance","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - On his way to the polls on election day, Michael Flynn pulled out his phone and took a video of himself saying his vote for Donald Trump was part of a larger fight against “the dishonesty and deceit of our government.” For Flynn, a retired U.S. Army three-star general and one of Trump’s closest advisers, it was another parting shot at an administration he thinks unfairly fired him from the Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA) in 2014 for telling hard truths about the war on Islamist extremism. Named on Thursday to become Trump’s national security adviser, Flynn is now poised for a second act in public life – and he has promised nothing short of an upheaval.    “We just went through a revolution,” Flynn, 57, told a forum on Saturday. “This is probably the biggest election in our nation’s history, since bringing on George Washington when he decided not to be a king. That’s how important this is.” Flynn’s advocates say his experience battling radical Islamist militants in Iraq and Afghanistan, along with candor that has ruffled feathers in Washington more than once, makes him the kind of ally Trump needs on his national security team. David Deptula, a retired Air Force lieutenant general who used to work with Flynn, praised his willingness to “speak truth to power and not politicize his answers.” “Mike Flynn is a straight shooter and a no-bullshit kind of guy. And that’s exactly what we need in terms of senior leaders giving advice to the national leadership,” Deptula said. His critics voice concerns about a management style that alienated some of his subordinates at DIA, a lumbering bureaucracy that Flynn sought to shake up. That’s an explanation some gave for why he was pushed into retirement. Flynn could not be reached for comment. Several former U.S. officials who worked closely with Flynn described him as extremely smart but a poor manager who advocated a precipitous overhaul of the DIA that ignited hostility and resistance from veteran intelligence officials. “Flynn understood that DIA was a mess,” one said. “But he telegraphed his intent for radical change in a way that he immediately created resistance to his ideas, no matter their merits.” Two other former officials also said they had concerns about Flynn’s management style, a potential liability in a White House job that requires coordinating U.S. policy and resolving disagreements among senior officials at different agencies. One of the officials said senior career DIA officials and other agency employees held Flynn responsible for an offensive “Dress for Success” presentation that was distributed to the workforce in January 2013. It recommended gender-specific fashion guidelines, urged people to “consider your body type” and said makeup made women “more attractive.”     Flynn apologized for the presentation in a subsequent memo that said neither he nor the agency “condone this briefing.” Flynn’s policy views suggest he will take a more aggressive approach against Islamist militants. Former colleagues expect his effort to bolster America’s battle against jihadists to be shaped by his belief that the United States is losing a global war against Islamist extremism that may last for generations. In a new book Flynn co-authored, he prescribes a harder political line on Iran, including information warfare to expose shortcomings in Iran’s revolution. Like Trump, Flynn calls the 2003 invasion of Iraq a strategic blunder and says that energy should have been directed instead toward political support for opponents of Iran’s theocratic rulers. He shares Trump’s vision of warmer relations with Israel  but also advocates stronger ties with Egypt, whose autocratic president, Abdel Fattah al-Sisi, ousted the Muslim Brotherhood and was the first world leader to congratulate Trump on his victory. Flynn’s appearances on Russia’s government-run broadcaster RT, particularly at a gala last year attended by President Vladimir Putin, have also raised eyebrows in military circles.  However, he has also expressed skepticism about Moscow’s intentions - a view that does not seem to fit Trump’s vision of a new era of detente with the Kremlin.  Although he has more experience battling the Taliban, al Qaeda and other militant groups than anyone else in Trump’s inner circle, Flynn’s critics in the intelligence community and the military question whether his ouster from the DIA has changed him. “The whole experience seems to have made him bitter,” said another former U.S. official who worked with Flynn and spoke on condition of anonymity. Representative Adam Schiff, the senior Democrat on the House intelligence committee, questioned Flynn’s temperament, saying Trump needs someone more steady and “thorough in their analysis” to temper him.  “I’m not sure that’s what you get with General Flynn. And I would be worried about an impulsive president with an impulsive security adviser,” Schiff told CNN. Former colleagues are alarmed by his adoption of Trump’s divisive campaign rhetoric - including leading chants of “Lock Her Up!” aimed at Hillary Clinton during the Republican National Convention and saying on Twitter “Fear of Muslims is RATIONAL.” “I think what you have is frustration that eventually turns to anger after he leaves,” said this former U.S. official. “He was frustrated over DIA; he was frustrated over administration policy toward Syria; and he’s frustrated and angry over his removal from the Department of Defense.” ",1
7172,"Factbox: The nasty things Trump, Romney have said about each other","(Reuters) - Even for a 2016 election campaign marked by rhetorical invective, the remarks President-elect Donald Trump and Mitt Romney made about each other in the run-up to the Nov. 8 vote were especially harsh.  Those exchanges make all the more significant Trump’s plan to meet Romney, the unsuccessful 2012 Republican presidential candidate, on Saturday. A source familiar with the meeting said they may discuss whether Romney should be considered for secretary of state in a Trump administration.  Here are some of the things, kind and unkind, that Trump and Romney have said about each other. * “Governor Romney, go out and get ‘em. You can do it.” - Trump endorsing Romney in February 2012 * “Donald Trump has shown an extraordinary ability to understand how our economy works ... It means a great deal to me to have the endorsement of Mr. Trump.” - Romney accepting the 2012 endorsement * “Dishonesty is Donald Trump’s hallmark.” - Romney speaking at a political forum in Utah in March * “He was begging for my endorsement. I could’ve said, ‘Mitt, drop to your knees,’ and he would’ve dropped to his knees.” - Trump at a March campaign rally responding to the Romney speech and describing how Romney had sought his endorsement in 2012 * “Think of Donald Trump’s personal qualities. The bullying, the greed, the showing off, the misogyny, the absurd third-grade theatrics. Now, imagine your children and your grandchildren acting the way he does.” - Romney’s anti-Trump speech in March * “He failed horribly ... Mitt is indeed a choke artist.” - Trump in March assessing Romney’s presidential run * “Here’s what I know. Donald Trump is a phony, a fraud. His promises are as worthless as a degree from Trump University.” - Romney in March * “Mitt Romney had his chance to beat a failed president but he choked like a dog. Now he calls me racist - but I am least racist person there is.” - Trump tweet in June * “I think his comments time and again appeal to the racist tendency that exists in some people and I think that’s dangerous.” - Romney in a CNN interview in June * “Mitt Romney called to congratulate me on the win. Very nice!” - Trump tweet five days after the Nov. 8 election     ",1
7173,Most Americans back 'just the facts' news stories: Pew survey,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Most Americans want the media to present facts in news stories without adding interpretation, a Pew Research Center survey said on Friday amid a debate in the media about its role in covering Donald Trump’s unconventional presidential campaign. Journalists face the issue of how much guidance they should provide to help their audiences make sense of the news. The question is especially keen after the 2016 election when the media grappled with challenging false statements made by Republican Trump in his campaign against Democrat Hillary Clinton. Fifty-nine percent of U.S. adults reject the idea of adding interpretation, saying that the news media should present the facts alone, the survey showed. Four in 10 favored adding some interpretation to the facts. “Although the public prefers the news media to present ‘just the facts,’ they may not even agree on what the facts are,” Pew said in a statement. In the same survey, 81 percent of registered voters said that most supporters of Clinton and Trump not only disagreed over plans and policies, but also disagreed on basic facts. Voters who supported Trump, now the president-elect, favored a “just the facts” approach by 71 percent to 29 percent. Clinton supporters were evenly split on the issue. The survey showed strong support for fact-checking by the media. The election campaign saw a proliferation of fake news sites and articles on social media competing with news published by traditional media, although this was not included in the survey. Eighty-one percent of those who prefer facts without interpretation believe fact-checking is a major or minor responsibility of the news media. Among those who prefer interpretation, 83 percent think fact-checking is a responsibility. The survey of 4,132 adults was conducted from Sept. 27 to Oct. 10, before Election Day. The margin of error is 2.8 percentage points. ",1
7174,Conservatives have concerns about Sessions as Trump's attorney general,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump on Friday named his earliest and staunchest supporter in the Senate, conservative Republican Jeff Sessions, to become the next U.S. attorney general, triggering an outcry from civil rights groups as well as some conservatives outside Congress who are uneasy about Sessions’ positions. If approved for the job by a simple majority in the Republican-dominated Senate, Sessions, 69, would lead the Justice Department and the FBI. He brings a record of controversial positions on race, immigration and criminal justice reform that Democrats may target. Ana Navarro, a Republican strategist and Trump critic, said on Twitter, “Jeff Sessions, considered too racist to be a judge in the ‘80s, is Trump’s AG.” Holly Harris, executive director of U.S. Justice Action Network, a sentencing reform advocacy group that includes powerful conservative tax reform lobbyist Grover Norquist, said Sessions’ nomination “obviously presents a challenge.” Sessions has opposed lowering mandatory minimum sentences for low-level offenders.   Many civil rights and immigration groups also have concerns about Sessions with the American Civil Liberties Union saying his positions on gay rights, capital punishment, abortion rights and presidential authority in times of war should be examined. Kristen Clarke, president of the Lawyers’ Committee for Civil Rights Under Law, told Reuters: “Our nation deserves an attorney general who will be committed to enforcement of our nation’s civil rights laws and who will not turn the clock back on progress that has been made.” Trump spokesman Jason Miller defended Sessions against allegations of racism, saying: “When Senator Sessions was U.S. attorney he filed a number of desegregation lawsuits in Alabama, and he also voted in favor of the 30-year extension of the Civil Rights Act... So we feel very confident that Senator Sessions has the background and the support to receive confirmation.” Sessions’ office did not respond to a request for comment on his nomination or criticism. Sessions was a federal prosecutor in 1986 when he became only the second nominee in 50 years to be denied confirmation as a federal judge. This came after allegations that he had made racist remarks, including testimony that he had called an African-American prosecutor “boy,” an allegation Sessions denied. Sessions said he was not a racist, but he said at his hearing that groups such as the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People and the American Civil Liberties Union could be considered “un-American.” He also acknowledged he had called the Voting Rights Act of 1965 a “piece of intrusive legislation.” Sessions, a four-term senator from Alabama, has friends on Capitol Hill. Convivial, with a pixie-like demeanor and soft Southern accent, his gentle manner belies his hard-line positions. No members of the Senate Judiciary Committee, which will hold Sessions’ confirmation hearing, had expressed outright opposition to his nomination as of Friday morning, but many Democrats said he would get a thorough and tough confirmation hearing.  “Given some of his past statements and his staunch opposition to immigration reform, I am very concerned about what he would do with the Civil Rights Division at the Department of Justice and want to hear what he has to say,” said Charles Schumer, the newly elected Democratic Senate leader. Judiciary Committee member Senator Jeff Flake, a moderate Republican on immigration issues and a long-time critic of Trump, said on Twitter that he will support Sessions, who he said is “well regarded, even by those who don’t always agree with him.” The Justice Department under Democratic President Barack Obama has been criticized for siding with protesters over police in matters of racial profiling or unlawful use of force. His Justice Department opened investigations of 23 police departments around the country for patterns of civil rights violations and Sessions, as attorney general, would have the discretion to drop investigations that are still open. Jim Pasco, the executive director of Fraternal Order of Police, the nation’s largest police union, said police have had a good relationship working with Sessions, especially on policies that allow police to keep assets seized from criminals.  “The door (to Sessions) has been open and we expect it to remain open,” Pasco said.  Sessions’ hard-line and at times inflammatory statements on immigration are similar to Trump’s but have angered other members of Congress. He opposes a path to citizenship for undocumented immigrants and was an enthusiastic backer of Trump’s promise to build a wall on the border with Mexico. As a senator, Sessions opposed Obama’s nomination of Loretta Lynch as attorney general on the grounds that she would carry out an Obama immigration policy that shielded many undocumented immigrants from deportation. Sessions also has questioned the 14th Amendment, which guarantees citizenship to everyone born in the United States, and opposes plans to admit more immigrants from war-torn Middle Eastern countries. As attorney general, Sessions would be able to turn more to state governments to enforce federal immigration laws.  He also could increase enforcement on companies that outsource technology jobs. As a senator, Sessions criticized U.S. companies that brought guest workers to the United States on temporary visas.  Sessions first endorsed Trump’s presidential bid in February, surprising those who had expected him to embrace Texas Senator Ted Cruz, a fellow Southerner and the favorite of the chamber’s most conservative wing. Sessions was Trump’s only backer in the Senate for months and became a powerful member of his inner circle. He has led Trump’s national security committee since March and was named vice chairman of the transition’s executive committee last week. Sessions defended Trump in October when a leaked video showed him bragging about groping women, leading dozens of Republican officials to drop their support. ",1
7175,"Obama, EU leaders agree to stick together, stay tough on Russia","BERLIN (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama and European leaders on Friday underscored the importance of working together in NATO and chided Russia for its bombing of Syria and failure to implement a Ukrainian peace accord. The White House statement followed a meeting at which Obama sought to reassure his counterparts from Germany, Britain, Spain, Italy and France that his successor Donald Trump would not break up the transatlantic alliance. Trump raised concerns during the campaign when he said he could withhold military aid from NATO allies if they had not met their defense commitments and said he would forge closer ties with Russian President Vladimir Putin. “President Obama expressed confidence that, even at a moment of great change, democratic values have done more to advance human freedom and progress than any other system in history, and will continue to do so going forward,” the White House said. The leaders agreed on the need to work together to stabilize the Middle East and North Africa, as well as securing diplomatic resolutions for the conflicts in Syria and eastern Ukraine. European leaders had sought Obama’s support as they prepare to extend sanctions imposed on Russia by Washington and Brussels in 2014 following its intervention in eastern Ukraine, and consider fresh sanctions over Russia’s actions in Syria, where it backs Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. German Chancellor Angela Merkel told a news conference with Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy that no decisions had been made about extending the Ukraine sanctions, but actions to implement the Minsk peace accord were not sufficient. Merkel said the leaders discussed their concerns about Syria during their meeting on Friday, but did not talk about imposing Syria-related sanctions against Russia that have been sought by the Syrian opposition. Obama and the EU leaders called for an immediate end to attacks on rebel-held parts of the city of Aleppo by Syrian government forces and their allies Russia and Iran that monitoring groups say have killed dozens this week alone. Syrian opposition officials on Friday met EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini and other officials and urged them to focus on protecting civilians and lifting the siege, said Anas al-Abdah, who heads the Syrian National Coalition. He said he had hoped for stronger words from Obama and the EU leaders, and called for Washington and Brussels to put more “real pressure” on Russia and Iran. U.S. and EU officials have stressed the need for a political solution, including the departure of Assad, but Trump has said he views the fight against Islamic State as a bigger priority. EU leaders are expected to extend sanctions related to Ukraine in December or January. Obama and the European leaders “unanimously agreed on the continued need for Russia to fully meet its commitments under the Minsk agreements and that Ukraine-related sanctions against Russia must remain in place until it does so,” the White House said. They said a durable ceasefire in eastern Ukraine was needed to move forward with free and fair local elections in the occupied regions of Donetsk and Luhansk.     ",1
7176,'First line of defense': Democratic states vow to fight Trump in court,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democratic attorneys general in at least five U.S. states have vowed to fight President-elect Donald Trump in the courts if he rolls back Obama-era regulations or adopts policies they view as infringing upon civil liberties. With Republicans controlling the White House and both chambers of Congress, the Democratic Party looks set to rely more heavily on top law officials in states they run to help keep a check on Trump’s exercise of power. Any efforts by a Trump administration to weaken consumer protection or climate change policies, for example, could lead to conflict between the states and the federal government, attorney general offices in Maryland, Virginia, Washington, Massachusetts, and New York told Reuters. In some instances, that could see them asking a federal judge to block federal action nationwide.  “I view my role as being on the first line of defense against a Trump administration if it chooses to act in an unconstitutional fashion,” said Bob Ferguson, the Democratic attorney general of Washington state. When George W. Bush was president, Democratic states forced his administration to take the first step toward regulating carbon emissions for the first time.  Michael Kelly, a spokesman for Virginia’s attorney general, Mark Herring, said that if a Trump administration “crosses the line and pursues actions that are illegal or violate the Constitution, Attorney General Herring will be ready to stand up and defend the rights of Virginians.”      The Trump transition team did not respond to a request seeking comment. Attorneys general are the top legal officials in the 50 states and are typically elected. After this year’s elections, 21 will be Democrats, in addition to the attorney general for the District of Columbia.  Acting on behalf of their states, they generally have legal standing to bring lawsuits challenging federal regulations or executive actions, including those that may infringe upon civil rights. “The President-elect has made a number of promises that, if implemented, would violate the Constitution or Massachusetts law,” Massachusetts Attorney General Maura Healey said in a statement. “If the incoming administration chooses to try to act in ways that are unconstitutional, my office will take action to protect the rights and liberties of our residents and our state,” she said. A dozen attorney general offices contacted by Reuters declined to discuss potential legal strategies before Trump takes office. Democratic states that sue might initially get a sympathetic hearing, as many federal courts are staffed with judges appointed by President Barack Obama during his eight years in office.  But challengers face one major obstacle, a Supreme Court likely soon to regain its conservative majority once Trump makes an appointment to fill a vacant seat. The court is currently divided 4-4 between conservatives and liberals. Republican-controlled Texas, which took a leading role in challenging Obama’s executive actions, provides a model for the Democratic attorneys general.  Climate change is likely to be area of friction between Trump, who has vowed to roll back regulations aimed at cutting greenhouse gases, and Democratic states, which have supported such efforts at the federal level or enacted their own measures. The top target for Trump is Obama’s Clean Power Plan, which seeks to limit carbon emissions from power plants. Amy Spitalnick, a spokeswoman for New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman said his office “will continue to fight to protect New Yorkers’ public health, property, and environment, and to lead the coalition of states defending the Clean Power Plan.” Immigration policy is another potential flashpoint. Trump has said he will rescind an Obama executive order giving deportation relief to up to 4 million people and end federal funding for cities like New York and Los Angeles that give sanctuary to undocumented immigrants.     A federal court blocked the Obama executive order in February 2015 after Texas and 25 other Republican states challenged it. The Supreme Court split 4-4 on the issue in June, leaving the lower court’s ruling in place. On consumer protection, states can both challenge any Trump efforts to loosen regulations and ramp up their own enforcement efforts, said Doug Gansler, a Democrat who served as Maryland’s attorney general from 2007 to 2015. “If the federal government abdicates that responsibility, the more aggressive and progressive state attorneys general will fill that vacuum,” he said. ",1
7177,Top Senate Democrat cites civil rights concerns with Trump pick Sessions,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Incoming U.S. Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer on Friday said he is “very concerned” about Republican U.S. President-elect Donald Trump’s selection of Senator Jeff Sessions as attorney general and indicated there would be tough questioning in the chamber’s confirmation process. “Given some of his past statements and his staunch opposition to immigration reform, I am very concerned about what he would do with the Civil Rights Division at the Department of Justice and want to hear what he has to say,” Schumer said in a statement. ",1
7178,"Factbox: Trump makes picks to fill security, legal posts","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican U.S. President-elect Donald Trump on Friday announced his selections for his top security posts, including the head of the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), his national security adviser and attorney general. An official with Trump’s transition team told Reuters that Trump had chosen retired General Michael Flynn as national security adviser, U.S. Senator Jeff Sessions to serve as attorney general, and U.S. Representative Mike Pompeo to lead the CIA. All three accepted, the official said.      Below are details about his selections: Sessions, 69, was the first U.S. Senator to endorse Trump’s presidential bid and has been a close ally since. A conservative from Alabama, he is serving his fourth term in the chamber, where he is a member of the Senate Judiciary Committee with oversight of federal courts, immigration, crime and terrorism.  The son of a country-store owner, he is a former Army Reserve captain and served as the U.S. Attorney for Alabama’s Southern District under former President Ronald Reagan and later as Alabama’s Attorney General.  Although he was confirmed by the Senate for his U.S. Attorney post in 1981, he was denied a federal judgeship in 1986 when a Senate panel failed to advance his nomination amid allegations he had made racially-charged remarks, which he denied.  Sessions must secure confirmation by the U.S. Senate to lead the Justice Department as attorney general, but he would only need to win majority support in the chamber, which is controlled by Republicans. Sessions has long taken a tough stance on immigration, opposing any path to citizenship for undocumented immigrants. During the Republican George W. Bush administration, he blasted a bipartisan effort to create a guest-worker program for illegal immigrants backed by Bush. NATIONAL SECURITY ADVISER: RETIRED LIEUTENANT GENERAL MICHAEL FLYNN Flynn, 57, was an early supporter of Trump and serves as vice chairman on his transition team. A former director of the Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA), he began his U.S. Army career in 1981 and served deployments in Afghanistan and Iraq. He later worked in the Office of the Director of Intelligence.        Once a registered Democrat, Flynn became head of the DIA in 2012 under President Barack Obama and but retired a year earlier than expected according to media reports and became a fierce critic of Obama’s foreign policy.  He went on to launch his own consulting firm that has come under scrutiny for its ties to a Turkish businessman. He told the Wall Street Journal on Thursday that he would sever ties with the firm to serve Trump.     Flynn has said the United States should work more with Russia on global security issues. In an August interview with the Washington Post, he defended a paid speech for state-run Russian Television.     Pompeo, 52, is a third-term congressman from Kansas who serves on the U.S House Select Intelligence Committee, which oversees the CIA, National Security Agency (NSA) and cyber security. Pompeo also was a member of the House Select Committee on Benghazi investigating the 2012 attack on a U.S. compound in Libya.  The California native graduated first in his class from the U.S. Military Academy at West Point and served as a platoon leader in the U.S. Army before leaving military as a captain to attend Harvard Law School. In 1996, he moved to Kansas to launch an aircraft parts company. The firm’s decision to open a factory in Mexico came under fire when Pompeo later ran for public office. Pompeo defended his work, saying the company had created jobs in the state. His ties to Koch Industries, owned by billionaire conservative donors Charles and David Koch, has also drawn scrutiny. He won re-election in the Nov. 8 election with 61 percent of the vote, according to Kansas’s unofficial election results online. Pompeo has been critical of former U.S. intelligence contractor Edward Snowden who leaked National Security Agency information, saying in a 2014 letter that his telecast appearance at an event undermined the ideals of “fairness and freedom.”    (This version of the story was refiled to remove extraneous “to” in headline) ",1
7179,"Japan's PM Abe meets Trump, says confident can build trust","NEW YORK (Reuters) - Japan’s Prime Minister Shinzo Abe described Donald Trump as a “trustworthy leader” after meeting the U.S. president-elect on Thursday to get clarity on statements Trump had made while campaigning that had caused concern about the alliance. Abe, speaking after the hastily arranged 90-minute meeting at Trump Tower in Manhattan, reporters: “The talks made me feel sure that we can build a relationship of trust.” But he would not disclose specifics because the conversation was unofficial. Trump, in a brief entry on his Facebook page accompanied by a photo of the two men, said: “It was a pleasure to have Prime Minister Shinzo Abe stop by my home and begin a great friendship.” Japan’s leadership has been nervous about the future of an alliance that is core to Tokyo’s diplomacy and security. Trump had fanned worries in Tokyo and beyond with comments on the possibility of Japan acquiring nuclear arms, demands that allies pay more for keeping U.S. forces on their soil or face their possible withdrawal, and his opposition to the U.S.-led 12-nation Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) free trade pact. Abe had worked closely with President Barack Obama on the TPP trade pact, which was part of Obama’s push to counter the rising strength of China and a pillar of Abe’s economic reforms. “Alliances cannot function without trust. I am now confident that President-elect Trump is a trustworthy leader,” said Abe, describing the talks as “candid” and held in a “warm atmosphere”. Abe gave Trump a golf driver and received golf-wear in return, Japanese officials said. Photographs taken inside the ornate meeting room at Trump Tower showed Abe accompanied only by an interpreter and Trump by his daughter Ivanka, her husband and Trump adviser Jared Kushner, and Retired Lieutenant General Michael Flynn whom a senior Trump official said on Thursday had been offered the national security adviser position. Abe said he had agreed to meet again with Trump “at a convenient time to cover a wider area in greater depth.” It was unclear if that would happen before Trump’s inauguration on Jan. 20. Trump official Kellyanne Conway told CBS earlier on Thursday that “any deeper conversations about policy and the relationship between Japan and the United States will have to wait until after the inauguration.” Back in Tokyo, Finance Minister Taro Aso commented: “The meeting ran longer than planned, which means that they were on the same wavelength and it went well.” Some of Trump’s campaign rhetoric suggested an image of Japan forged in the 1980s, when Tokyo was seen by many in the United States as a threat to jobs and a free-rider on defense. A Trump adviser who spoke earlier in the week, however, stressed a more positive view and credited Abe with making changes. “Frankly, the prime minister has been more assertive and forthright in trying to make those changes to Japan’s global posture,” he said.  Trump, a brash billionaire real estate magnate, and Abe, a political blue blood, share a stated desire to raise their countries’ global standing and both have support from right-wing constituencies. Abe has boosted Japan’s overall defense spending since taking office in 2012. He has also stretched the limits of its pacifist postwar constitution to allow the military to take a bigger global role. Japan’s defense spending, though, still stands at just over 1 percent of GDP compared with more than 3 percent in the United States. Abe was expected to see Obama at an Asia-Pacific summit in Peru on the weekend. Hours before Abe and Trump met, Obama’s secretary of state, John Kerry, and Japanese Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida met in Lima to discuss the Paris climate accord - a deal Trump has pledged to exit. Diplomats and analysts say that however good the atmospherics, it will be hard to assess Trump’s policies on security issues ranging from overseas deployments of U.S. troops, China’s maritime assertiveness and the North Korean nuclear threat until Trump makes key appointments. ",1
7180,"Merkel: Didn't discuss sanctions on Russia over Syria with Obama, EU leaders","BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Friday that President Barack Obama and European leaders did not discuss imposing sanctions against Russia over its military involvement in Syria when they met in Berlin on Friday. “We did not discuss in concrete terms sanctions against Russia with regard to this,” Merkel said at a joint news conference with Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy. Merkel said the leaders had, however, discussed sanctions against Russia over its role in the Ukraine conflict. She said no decision had been made yet on whether to extend those sanctions but added that progress towards implementing the Minsk peace agreement was not sufficient. ",1
7181,Can Trump make coal great again? At least some companies think so,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Most of the U.S. coal industry doubts Donald Trump can fulfill his promise to make the ailing industry great again in a country awash in dirt-cheap natural gas, a competing fuel.  But a small sub-section of the coal sector that mines metallurgical coal - a variety used by steel makers instead of power plants - is gearing up for a Trump-inspired boom. That’s because the Republican president-elect has promised a spending surge for roads, bridges and tunnels after he takes office on Jan. 20, a push to upgrade America’s infrastructure with the support of leading Democrats that could jolt demand for metallurgical coal from American steel mills. Prices for met coal, as it is called, have already risen in recent months on lower supply from China. “This is the best news that Appalachia as a whole has had in about 10 years,” said Jason Bostic, a vice president at the West Virginia Coal Association, referring to Trump’s infrastructure agenda. “Suddenly there’s a little bit of hope here.” Corsa Coal Corp, a producer of met coal based in Pennsylvania, was already encouraged by the China-driven price spike before Trump’s victory. Now it believes U.S. politics are going its way too. “The thing that has got me the most excited is the potential for infrastructure spending,” said George Dethlefsen, Corsa’s chief executive. “All those things are very energy- and steel-intensive, and that’s good for our business.” The company  plans to boost its production of met coal by 70 percent in 2017 to around 1.2 million short tons. In the meantime, it is putting mines on a six-day-a-week schedule, up from four days, and it is looking at loading coal on its midnight shift, which it normally reserves for maintenance. Arch Coal Inc, which produces both met and steam coal used in power plants, said it was also optimistic about Trump, particularly his promise to roll back regulations. But other representatives of the steam coal industry have said regulation reversals may not overcome their main problem: plentiful and cheap natural gas following a decade-long hydraulic fracturing drilling boom. National production figures for met coal are unavailable, since the government does not break the data out. But total U.S. coal production has fallen to its lowest level since 1986, costing the industry thousands of jobs, as low natural gas prices and President Barack Obama’s emissions and water regulations took their toll. Met coal prices, however, reflect the coal sector’s only major sign of life this year. They have risen to above $270 a metric ton this month from lows of $70 a ton in February, driven in part by China reducing its output. Corsa and Arch are among a very small number of U.S. met coal producers that are publicly traded, with most of the others small and privately owned. Alpha Natural Resources, which emerged from bankruptcy in July, declined to comment.  Trump’s transition team is weighing an “infrastructure bank” to make investments in projects as part of an economic focus that also includes revamping taxes and regulation, a Trump adviser said this week. Democrats, including Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer and House Minority leader Nancy Pelosi, have indicated they hope to work quickly with Trump on infrastructure. But whether they will succeed is far from certain, as many Republicans oppose spending bills. Ramaco, a private company, announced in September it will open two met coal mines in West Virginia and Virginia next year, thanks to $90 million in private equity investments that came in as global met coal prices swung upward. Randy Atkins, the chairman and chief executive of Ramaco, said adding new mines was possible if Trump’s U.S. infrastructure push succeeds but would depend on whether additional investors flock in to fund them. Banks and financial institutions are sensitive to recent bankruptcies of major coal companies - including Arch and Peabody Energy Corp - and the weak financial conditions of others, Atkins said. Jim Truman, the director of global metallurgical coal markets at research group Wood Mackenzie, said the specialized workers that would be required, such as underground electricians, could also be hard to find given coal’s downturn since 2008. Phil Smith, a spokesman for the United Mine Workers of America, said the other key to the U.S. met coal industry’s outlook is whether new infrastructure relies on American-made steel and coal as Trump has promised. “If we are importing the coal or importing steel made with foreign coal, then it won’t make any difference for American miners,” Smith said. ",1
7182,Trump offers Sessions attorney general post: CBS News,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump has offered Republican Senator Jeff Sessions the job of U.S. Attorney General, CBS News and Bloomberg reported on Friday. Republican National Committee spokesman Sean Spicer, who is involved in the Trump presidential transition, would not confirm the reports on CNN. “Until Donald Trump says it, it’s not official,” Spicer said.  ",1
7183,Trump lawyers aim to delay fraud trial at hearing,"(Reuters) - Attorneys for U.S. President-elect Donald Trump will try at a court hearing on Friday to delay a civil trial involving allegations from students that they were defrauded by the now-defunct Trump University.  The former students say they were lured by false promises to pay up to $35,000 to learn the New York businessman’s real estate investing “secrets” from his “hand-picked” instructors. Trump owned 92 percent of Trump University and had control over all major decisions, the students’ court papers said.  Trump denies the allegations and has argued he relied on others to manage the business. U.S. District Judge Gonzalo Curiel in San Diego has urged both sides to settle in advance of a trial scheduled to begin on Nov. 28. Trump’s lawyers filed a motion last week asking to delay the case until after Trump’s Jan. 20 inauguration, saying the presidential transition was “all-consuming.” They also proposed that Trump’s trial testimony be recorded before trial.  The students opposed the request, saying Trump had already provided several hours of deposition testimony that could be presented to a jury.  “Any delay would be a slippery slope because President-Elect Trump’s life is only going to get more complicated and unpredictable as time goes by,” they wrote. Curiel is presiding over two cases against Trump and the university. A separate lawsuit is pending, filed by New York’s attorney general who has said over 5,000 students across the country were defrauded out of about $40 million. Trump aroused controversy earlier this year when he said during his campaign that Curiel, who was born in Indiana to Mexican immigrant parents, could not be impartial because of Trump’s pledge to build a wall on the U.S.-Mexico border. ",1
7184,Trump may discuss secretary of state job with critic Romney: source,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump planned a Saturday meeting with Mitt Romney, the 2012 Republican presidential nominee and fierce Trump critic, and may discuss whether he should be a candidate for secretary of state, a source familiar with the meeting said on Thursday. Trump already has a lengthy list of potential candidates for the post of top U.S. diplomat, including former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani, former U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations John Bolton, U.S. Senator Bob Corker of Tennessee, and South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley, who met Trump on Thursday. Trump, a former reality TV star, has shown a flair for the dramatic in his deliberations over his Cabinet, saying only he knows who “the finalists” are. Corker told CNN on Wednesday he was “in the mix” for the position but that Trump might pick someone who was closer to him during the presidential campaign. He met on Thursday in Washington with Vice President-elect Mike Pence. Trump’s expected meeting with Romney amounts to an olive branch of sorts to one of his sharpest critics. Romney, who in a speech in March called Trump “a phony, a fraud,” urged Republicans to vote for anyone but the New York real estate magnate while the party was picking its presidential nominee. Trump, in turn, used harsh rhetoric at times during his campaign to dismiss Romney as a failure who blew a chance in 2012 to defeat Democratic President Barack Obama, whom Trump felt was a weak opponent. The source told Reuters that a broad discussion was expected during the meeting and that discussion about the secretary of state position was possible. The source had said earlier his understanding was that the meeting would occur on Sunday. Asked about the meeting, Trump senior adviser Kellyanne Conway suggested it was still being arranged. “We’re working on it,” she said.  “I think it’s good that the president-elect is meeting with people like Mr. Romney,” U.S. Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama, one of Trump’s closest confidants and a potential nominee for defense secretary, told reporters at Manhattan’s Trump Tower. Sessions sounded far from certain Romney would be offered a job. “There are a lot of talented people that he (Trump) needs good relationships with. And I think Mr. Romney would be quite capable of doing a number of things. But he will be one of those, I am sure, that’s reviewed. Donald Trump will make that decision,” Sessions said. When Romney, a former Massachusetts governor, opted out of running for the 2016 Republican presidential nomination, people close to him suggested that serving as secretary of state might be appealing to him if a Republican won the presidency. A steady stream of potential Trump administration hires made their way through the lobby of Trump Tower to meet with either Trump or officials close to him. All indicated a willingness to serve, such as Jeb Hensarling, a Texas Republican who is chairman of the U.S. House of Representatives Financial Services Committee. He is a potential treasury secretary in the Trump administration. “I stand ready to help the president in any capacity possible. I’ve got a great position in public policy today, if he wants to talk to me obviously, about serving somewhere else, we’ll look at serving somewhere else,” he told reporters. ",1
7185,Trump offers national security adviser post to Michael Flynn: senior Trump official,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump has offered retired Lieutenant General Michael Flynn the position of White House national security adviser, a senior Trump official said on Thursday. Asked if Flynn is expected to accept, a person familiar with the offer replied: “When the president of the United States asks you to serve, there is only one answer.” Flynn, a former head of the Defense Intelligence Agency, advised Trump during the campaign on national security issues and often served as an introductory speaker at campaign rallies. ",1
7186,Contenders for key jobs in Trump administration,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - New names for possible appointees to U.S. President-elect Donald Trump’s Cabinet have emerged, including 2012 presidential candidate Mitt Romney as secretary of state, as he works to fill administration positions ahead of his inauguration on Jan. 20. A senior Trump official said the job of national security adviser has been offered to retired Lieutenant General Michael Flynn. Trump announced on Sunday he would hire Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus as White House chief of staff and named Stephen Bannon, former head of the conservative website Breitbart News, as his chief strategist and senior counselor. Below are people mentioned as contenders for senior roles. * Steven Mnuchin, former Goldman Sachs Group Inc executive and Trump’s campaign finance chairman * Jeb Hensarling, U.S. representative from Texas and chairman of the House Financial Services Committee * Jamie Dimon, JPMorgan Chase & Co chief executive officer * Tom Barrack, founder and chairman of Colony Capital Inc * Mitt Romney, 2012 presidential nominee and former Massachusetts governor  * Rudy Giuliani, former mayor of New York City * Nikki Haley, governor of South Carolina * Jeff Sessions, U.S. senator from Alabama and early Trump supporter, member of the Senate Armed Services Committee  * John Bolton, former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations under President George W. Bush * Bob Corker, U.S. senator from Tennessee and chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee * Zalmay Khalilzad, former U.S. ambassador to Iraq * Jeff Sessions, U.S. senator from Alabama and early Trump supporter, member of the Senate Armed Services Committee * Tom Cotton, U.S. senator from Arkansas       * Jon Kyl, former U.S. senator from Arizona * Duncan Hunter, U.S. representative from California and early Trump supporter, member of the House Armed Services Committee * Jim Talent, former U.S. senator from Missouri who was on the Senate Armed Services Committee  * Kelly Ayotte, outgoing U.S. senator from New Hampshire and member of the Senate Armed Services Committee * Rudy Giuliani, former mayor of New York City * Ted Cruz, U.S. senator from Texas * Jeff Sessions, senior member of the Senate Judiciary Committee who takes a hard line on immigration * Kris Kobach, Kansas secretary of state, architect of anti-immigration efforts who says he is advising Trump on immigration issues * Pam Bondi, Florida attorney general  * Trey Gowdy, U.S. representative from South Carolina who headed the House committee that investigated the 2012 attacks on the U.S. mission in Benghazi, Libya * Henry McMaster, lieutenant governor of South Carolina * Tom Price, U.S. representative from Georgia who is an orthopedic surgeon * Rick Scott, Florida governor  * Rich Bagger, former pharmaceutical executive and former top aide to New Jersey Governor Chris Christie * Bobby Jindal, former Louisiana governor * Michael McCaul, U.S. representative from Texas and chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee * David Clarke, Milwaukee county sheriff and vocal Trump supporter  * Joe Arpaio, outgoing Maricopa County, Arizona, sheriff who campaigned for Trump  * Jeff Holmstead, energy lawyer, former EPA official during George W. Bush administration * Mike Catanzaro, energy lobbyist, former EPA official during George W. Bush administration * Robert Grady, venture capitalist, partner in private equity firm Gryphon Investors  * Leslie Rutledge, Arkansas attorney general * Carol Comer, commissioner of the Indiana Department of Environmental Management * Harold Hamm, Oklahoma oil and gas mogul, chief executive of Continental Resources Inc * Kevin Cramer, U.S. Representative from North Dakota * Robert Grady, venture capitalist, partner in private equity firm Gryphon Investors  * Larry Nichols, co-founder of Devon Energy Corp * James Connaughton, chief executive of Nautilus Data Technologies and a former environmental adviser to President George W. Bush * Sarah Palin, former Alaska governor, 2008 Republican vice presidential nominee * Jan Brewer, former Arizona governor * Forrest Lucas, founder of oil products company Lucas Oil * Harold Hamm, Oklahoma oil and gas mogul, chief executive of Continental Resources Inc * Robert Grady, venture capitalist, partner in private equity firm Gryphon Investors * Wilbur Ross, billionaire investor, chairman of Invesco Ltd subsidiary WL Ross & Co * Linda McMahon, former World Wrestling Entertainment executive and two-time Senate candidate * Ronald Burgess, retired lieutenant general and former Defense Intelligence Agency chief  * Robert Cardillo, director of the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency * Pete Hoekstra, former U.S. representative from Michigan * Pete Hoekstra, former U.S. representative from Michigan * Michael Flynn, retired lieutenant general and former director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, was offered the job, according to a senior Trump official. * Kelly Ayotte, outgoing U.S. senator from New Hampshire and member of the Senate Armed Services Committee * Richard Grenell, former spokesman for the United States at the United Nations  * Peter King, U.S. representative from New York * Dan DiMicco, former chief executive of steel producer Nucor Corp The Trump transition team confirmed he would choose from the list of 21 names he drew up during his campaign, including U.S. Senator Mike Lee of Utah, and William Pryor, a federal judge with the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals.  * Victoria Lipnic, U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission commissioner and former Labor Department official during the George W. Bush administration. * Andrew Puzder, CEO of CKE Restaurants. ",1
7187,Ford tells Trump no Lincoln SUV production going to Mexico,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump said Ford Motor Co Executive Chairman Bill Ford Jr told him the automaker would not move a Kentucky plant to Mexico, but the firm said it informed him the decision was to keep one vehicle in U.S. production. On Thursday, Trump posted on Twitter: “I worked hard with Bill Ford to keep the Lincoln plant in Kentucky. I owed it to the great State of Kentucky for their confidence in me!”  “He will be keeping the Lincoln plant in Kentucky - no Mexico,” the President-elect tweeted. But Ford has repeatedly said it has no plans to close any U.S. plants and likely could not do so under the terms of the current United Auto Workers contract that expires in 2019. This is not the first time Trump’s comments about Ford production have been called into question. Last year, he took credit for Ford moving work from Mexico to Ohio, while the automaker had already made the decision in 2011 - long before Trump announced a run for president. Spokeswoman Christin Baker said Ford “confirmed with the President-elect that our small Lincoln utility vehicle made at the Louisville Assembly plant will stay in Kentucky”.  “We are encouraged that President-elect Trump and the new Congress will pursue policies that will improve U.S. competitiveness and make it possible to keep production of this vehicle here in the United States,” she added, in a statement. The company builds both the Ford Escape and Lincoln MKC SUV at its Louisville Assembly Plant in Kentucky, which Trump refers to as the “Lincoln plant” and where Ford employs about 4,700 people. It also has a separate truck plant in Louisville, where it builds pickups and larger SUVs. It is not clear how many jobs would have been impacted if the low-selling MKC had moved to Mexico.  Ford has sold about 20,000 MKC SUVs this year in the United States, compared with 258,000 Escape SUVs. Ford said last month it would suspend production of the Escape and MKC at its Louisville Assembly Plant in Kentucky for two weeks because of low demand.  In 2015, it told workers at the plant that it planned to phase out MKC production by 2019 and move it elsewhere.     The U.S. No. 2 automaker is planning to move some small-car production south of the border. Ford has endured scathing criticism from Trump over its Mexican investments for nearly 18 months.  He has said at times incorrectly that Ford planned to fire American workers because of its Mexican investments. During his presidential campaign, the Republican candidate also said that if elected he would not allow Ford to open a new plant in Mexico and would slap hefty tariffs on any Ford vehicles made there. A Trump spokeswoman did not immediately respond to questions about whether Ford’s decision to keep production of an SUV in the United States would cause him to drop plans to impose tariffs on some Ford vehicles built in Mexico. In April 2015, Ford said it planned to invest $2.5 billion to build two new plants in Mexico, adding 3,800 jobs in all. Earlier this year, Ford said it will invest a further $1.6 billion in Mexico for small-car production to start in 2018. In September, Ford confirmed that all of the company’s small-car production will leave U.S. plants and head to lower-cost Mexico by 2019, but no plants would be closed as a result.  Ford has repeatedly said no U.S. jobs will be lost because of the move - and it will produce two new vehicles at a Detroit area plant that built the small cars. In October, Bill Ford said he had met with Trump to talk about his extensive attacks on Ford’s investments in Mexico. Ford said Trump’s criticism was “infuriating” and “frustrating” because of the company’s extensive investments and employment in the United States. ",1
7188,Case on Trump worker contract raises conflict of interest question,"(Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump has often boasted about the strict confidentiality pledges he exacts from his employees.  Now a legal challenge to one of those agreements is pending before a U.S. agency over which he will soon have influence, potentially posing an early test of concerns about conflicts of interest between Trump’s public role and his business empire. In September, a worker-advocacy group filed a charge with the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) claiming a nondisclosure contract used by Trump is unlawfully broad. The contract prohibits employees, independent contractors and even volunteers from ever disclosing any information that Trump deems confidential about his personal, business or political life. The NLRB has said that sweeping or unclear contracts inhibit workers from discussing working conditions or speaking to union organizers.  The five-member NLRB currently has two vacancies that Trump is slated to fill early in his term, likely tipping what has been a liberal-leaning agency under President Barack Obama to a more business-friendly posture. If the NLRB rules against Trump, it could free up workers to be more vocal about their concerns and strengthen their bargaining power. In addition to the confidentiality case, there are about 10 other Trump-related cases pending at the NLRB. The cases involve alleged labor violations at the Trump International Hotel Las Vegas, where management has refused to bargain with the Culinary Workers Union. It was not clear if the confidentiality contract was intended for workers on Trump’s election campaign or employees in his businesses, and Reuters could not independently verify its authenticity. Representatives of the Trump Organization did not respond to requests for comment. The case is at a very early stage and could be settled or dismissed before reaching a full hearing before the five-member NLRB. The board’s decisions may be appealed in a federal court. The NLRB is comprised of three members from the sitting president’s party and two from the opposing party, a system that typically results in wide policy shifts between administrations. In addition to the current two vacancies, another will arise when a current member’s term expires next December.  Under the Obama administration, the NLRB has struck down  confidentiality agreements and other employment contracts that could discourage workers from organizing at T-Mobile USA Inc, Quicken Loans, DirectTV and a number of other companies.  Government ethics experts and labor lawyers said that if Trump’s handpicked NLRB members uphold the contract, it could suggest favoritism.  “There is an appearance of bias and political pressure that could undermine the legitimacy of the agency,” said Richard Painter, a professor at the University of Minnesota Law School who was the chief White House ethics lawyer under Republican President George W. Bush. The NLRB cases represent one of several areas where concerns may arise over potential conflicts of interest raised by Trump’s new role and his sprawling business interests. Trump last week said he would allow his children to run his businesses while maintaining his ownership interest via a “blind trust.” If the current cases are ruled upon by the NLRB, one possible solution to the potential conflict could be for Trump appointees to recuse themselves from cases involving his business organization, said a former NLRB chairman, William Gould.  Gould said that during his tenure at the agency, in the mid-1990s, members recused themselves from cases that raised any chance of a conflict. Gould, who is now a professor at Stanford Law School, said he disqualified himself from cases involving a union of which his son was a member. Several experts, however, said recusal would not be legally required unless Trump’s appointees represented him or his companies in the past or were otherwise involved in his business. The challenge to Trump’s confidentiality agreement was filed by David Rosenfeld, a California labor lawyer, on behalf of the Committee to Preserve the Religious Right to Organize, a worker advocacy group that he created.  Reuters reviewed a copy of the employment agreement that Rosenfeld filed with his complaint, which targeted both the Trump Organization and the Trump campaign. Rosenfeld said he copied it from the campaign website, but that the agreement was no longer posted there.  It was not clear how many employees signed this version of the agreement, and Reuters was unable to find a copy on the website. The agreement prohibits disclosure of details about Trump’s “personal life, political affairs and/or business affairs,” as well as anything “Mr. Trump insists remain private or confidential.” It forbids employees from publicly disparaging Trump and his wife, children, grandchildren, siblings and other relatives. Confidentiality agreements are common, but labor law experts said they can be unlawful if they are too broad or don’t specify what types of information will be deemed confidential.  Trump defended a similar confidentiality agreement in a case earlier this year involving a former campaign aide, whom Trump accused of giving information about other staffers to reporters. In a statement, the Trump campaign said confidentiality agreements were “standard practice” for entities that need to safeguard sensitive information. The case settled for undisclosed terms.  ",1
7189,Japan PM Abe: Confident of building relationship of trust with Trump,NEW YORK (Reuters) - Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said on Thursday he was confident of building a relationship based on trust with U.S. President-elect Donald Trump. Abe said the two talked about various issues but refrained from disclosing the contents of the meeting with Trump because the talks were unofficial.  He made the comments in New York after a meeting that was intended to smooth relations following Trump’s campaign rhetoric that cast doubt on long-standing U.S. alliances. ,1
7190,Trump has offered national security adviser job to Flynn: AP,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump has offered retired Lieutenant General Michael Flynn the job of national security adviser, the Associated Press reported on Thursday, citing a senior Trump official. The official would not say whether Flynn, a former head of the Defense Intelligence Agency who advised Trump during the campaign on national security issues, has officially accepted the job, according to AP. ",1
7191,Congress could undo Obama-era student loan relief,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Congress could as soon as January start to dismantle President Barack Obama’s transformation of student loan rules by blocking freshly minted regulations designed to help students who say they were defrauded by for-profit colleges. The new measures, which lay out loan relief procedures for the students, were issued by the Department of Education just days before the election. That is recent enough to allow the new Republican-led Congress to disapprove them under a 1996 law called the Congressional Review Act. It gives Congress 60 legislative days to reverse regulations with a simple vote. Republicans opposed the rule when it was proposed. Lamar Alexander, who chairs the Senate committee on education, is considering introducing a resolution that would overturn the so-called “Borrower Defense” rule, according to a spokeswoman.  Even without a legislative reversal, president-elect Donald Trump, who ran on an anti-regulation platform and started his own for-profit school, could instruct agencies to be more restrictive in how they interpret this rule and others aimed at easing student loan burdens. Students who attended the now-defunct Trump University did not qualify for federal loans and are not eligible for loan relief. Trump is facing civil lawsuits alleging fraud related to the school. After he was elected president, the stocks of for-profit education companies rose. The borrower defense rule was inspired by the meltdown of Corinthian Colleges Inc. in 2015, according to Rohit Chopra, who worked on the Corinthian case at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and later moved to the Department of Education as a special adviser. In recent months, ITT Tech. Inc. has also folded, leaving students adrift. By law, students at struggling technical and professional colleges are already allowed relief on federal loans, but the new rule creates a path for getting that relief. Students can make a fraud claim to the Education Department and then apply for a refund of federal money they borrowed and then paid to the school. It is the payment on a fraud complaint - sometimes made in the absence of any actual conviction - that rankles Republicans. They also dislike that the rule leaves students free to file class action suits against the schools, instead of arbitrating all disputes, said Neal McCluskey, who follows higher education at the Cato Institute, a libertarian think tank.  It is not clear how many students - or how much in loans - would be affected by the new rule. The Education Department says it has already approved $250 million in relief to more than 15,000 applications from students who borrowed to attend Corinthian. The projected 10-year federal government expenses associated with the rules total $16 billion.  Congressional disapproval resolutions have failed in the past, because Obama vetoed them. But in 2017, anti-regulation Republicans will control the House, the Senate and the White House, and it takes only a simple majority of both chambers to reverse a rule.  Education Secretary John King defends the rule, saying his department went through a very thorough rule-making process and addressed thousands of comments in the final version of the regulations. “The fact remains that students need some sort of process for student loan discharge in the case of a school closure or fraud,” said Justin Draeger, president of the National Association of Student Financial Aid Administrators. “I’m not sure it’s as easy as simply voiding the entire regulation.” There are other higher education reforms a Trump administration might undo, said Elizabeth Baylor, director for post-secondary education at left-leaning Center for American Progress. Many borrower programs instituted under Obama are at the education secretary’s discretion, and Trump could appoint someone stricter on granting relief. A new secretary could also simply discontinue programs, she said.  In the same vein, Steve Gunderson, president of Career Education Colleges and Universities, says Congress could block the new rule without a resolution, either through an upcoming budget bill or education legislation. ",1
7192,Trump team will receive first Pentagon briefing on Friday: Pentagon spokesman,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump’s transition team is expected to receive its first briefing from the Defense Department on Friday, Pentagon spokesman Peter Cook said in a statement. He said Trump’s transition team contacted the Pentagon “a short time ago to arrange the initial briefings.” “As Secretary (Ash) Carter has said, we will do everything we can to help ensure a seamless and efficient transition,” Cook said. ",1
7193,Meeting between Trump and Japan's Abe has ended: Trump official,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - A meeting in New York on Thursday between U.S. President-elect Donald Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has ended, a Trump transition team official said. The hastily arranged meeting was an attempt to smooth relations following Trump’s campaign rhetoric that cast doubt on long-standing U.S. alliances. ",1
7194,Ohio congressman Ryan challenges Pelosi for House Democratic leader,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Representative Tim Ryan of Ohio said on Thursday he was challenging House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi, who has led the party in the chamber for 14 years, as Democrats question their strategy and leadership after a stinging general election defeat. Ryan, 43, who has been in Congress since 2003, said in a statement that Democrats had only been in the House of Representatives majority for four of the past 18 years, “and last week’s election results set us back even further.”  “Vote for me and I will dedicate all of my energy to lead us back into the majority,” said Ryan, who is from an old working-class, steel area of northeastern Ohio, the type of region the Democrats want to wrest back from Republicans. “At this time of fear and disillusionment, we owe it to our constituencies to listen and bring a new voice into leadership.”   Democrats had expected to do much better in the Nov. 8 election, when Republican Donald Trump, a New York businessman with no experience in public office, won the White House on the back of working-class voters.  Republicans kept their majorities in both Senate and House after some Democrats had predicted double-digit wins in the House and a chance to win the Senate.  Ryan announced his long-shot challenge after several days of publicly weighing it. Pelosi, 76, of California, claims she has support of two-thirds of Democrats before they vote Nov. 30. “I’m respectful what people are saying. There’s a lot of unease,” Pelosi said when asked about the potential challenge. “And as members in there said, we cannot be taking in the full responsibility for what happened in the election ... a lot of it was beyond our control,” she added. A senior House Democratic aide called Ryan’s bid a “publicity stunt.” He said Ryan had shortchanged party coffers, paying only half of his dues owed since 2014 to the party’s campaign committee. Ryan’s office declined comment. At a closed-door meeting of House Democrats Thursday, about half the roughly two dozen lawmakers who spoke “said we need new leadership,” Representative John Yarmuth of Louisville, Kentucky, said in an interview. He declined to say who he would support. Representative Emanuel Cleaver II of Kansas City, Missouri, was also noncommittal but said the caucus should “take his (Ryan’s) candidacy seriously and contemplate where the caucus is, and where it could go under his leadership.” ",1
7195,U.S. spy chief to resign as Trump takes office,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Director of National Intelligence James Clapper announced his resignation on Thursday and said it “felt pretty good” to step down, ending a six-year tenure as the top U.S. spy that included a sometimes rocky relationship with Congress. Clapper, 75, a retired three-star U.S. Air Force general, will stay on until Democratic President Barack Obama leaves office in January. He has said for months he intended to leave when Obama departed and his replacement will be chosen by Republican President-elect Donald Trump. Clapper’s term was marked by efforts to grapple with the re-emergence of an aggressive Russia, extremist attacks and growing cyber threats, as well as misleading a Senate committee about federal policy on collecting data on millions of Americans. His formal letter of resignation was issued in response to a White House request that all Obama administration political appointees submit resignations effective at noon on Jan. 20, a spokesperson for the Office of the Director of National Intelligence said. Clapper appeared before the U.S. House of Representatives intelligence committee hearing on Thursday and Representative Adam Schiff, the committee’s top-ranking Democrat, lightheartedly said he hoped Clapper would stay in the job for four more years. “I submitted my letter of resignation last night, which felt pretty good,” Clapper responded. “I’ve got 64 days left.” In March 2013 Clapper found himself at the center of controversy after testifying before the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, telling Senator Ron Wyden that the U.S. government did “not wittingly” collect data on millions or hundreds of millions of Americans. His statement was disproved months later when former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden exposed classified details of U.S. surveillance programs, including one that collected domestic U.S. phone call data in bulk. Clapper later said his response to the Senate was the “least untruthful” one he could provide. On Thursday, Wyden said senior intelligence officials “engaged in a deception spree regarding mass surveillance” during Clapper’s tenure. Others praised Clapper with Senate Intelligence Chairman Richard Burr, a North Carolina Republican, saying he had “served our country honorably and with distinction in every capacity requested of him.” Before last week’s presidential election Clapper’s office issued a pre-election declaration accusing Russia of hacking U.S. political operatives and individuals as part of a scheme to “interfere with the U.S. election process.” On Thursday he declined to comment on whether the Russians had shared any of the hacked information with unnamed Americans in the past 18 months. Clapper said he did not expect “a significant change in Russian behavior” when asked about Russia’s alleged involvement in hacking. He added that Russia was planning to expand its presence at a naval base it maintains in Tartous, Syria.     The leading candidates to replace Clapper in the Trump administration include Robert Cardillo, director of the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency and a previous deputy director of national intelligence under Clapper, according to national security officials and people close to Trump’s transition team. Retired Lieutenant General Ronald Burgess, who headed the Defense Intelligence Agency during Obama’s first term, and former Republican Representative Pete Hoekstra, who chaired the House Intelligence Committee, also may be in contention, sources said. The director of national intelligence oversees 17 U.S. intelligence agencies and serves as the president’s principal intelligence adviser and briefer. As deputy director of national intelligence, Cardillo had served as Obama’s “alternate” principal briefer, an official said. Clapper’s service in military and intelligence spanned six decades, beginning in the 1960s in the U.S. Marine Corps followed by enlistment as a U.S. Air Force officer. ",1
7196,Trump Treasury candidate's bank accused of discrimination,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Two California housing advocacy groups have alleged that a bank formerly controlled by Steven Mnuchin, a top candidate to be President-elect Donald Trump’s Treasury secretary, engaged in discriminatory practices against black and Latino communities.  In a complaint filed with the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, the groups are seeking an investigation of claims that OneWest Bank violated the Fair Housing Act through “redlining” practices such as failing to locate bank branches in black and Latino communities and extending very few or no mortgage loans to borrowers of color. Mnuchin, a former Goldman Sachs executive and Hollywood film financier who is under consideration for the Treasury post, was not mentioned in the complaint, submitted on Wednesday by the California Reinvestment Coalition and Fair Housing Advocates of Northern California. But their allegations against a bank that was Southern California’s largest during Mnuchin’s ownership could fuel attacks from Senate Democrats if he is nominated to lead the Treasury, which is charged with safeguarding and regulating the U.S. financial system.  Mnuchin could not immediately be reached for comment through his office at Dune Capital Management, the New York-based hedge fund that he leads. Earlier on Thursday, he was seen entering Trump Tower in New York, where Trump’s transition team is meeting.  The submission is the latest in the two housing groups’ long-running campaign against OneWest, which also included complaining about its foreclosure practices and opposing its sale by a Mnuchin-led investor group to CIT Group Inc for $3.4 billion last year. The complaint to HUD alleges that OneWest originated just two mortgages to African American customers in the bank’s assessment area. It also maintained and marketed bank-owned homes in predominantly white neighborhoods better than in neighborhoods of color. CIT said in a statement: “CIT is committed to fair lending and works hard to meet the credit needs of all communities and neighborhoods we serve.” Kevin Stein, deputy director of the California Reinvestment Coalition, insisted that the housing groups had long planned to file the complaint this week and the timing was not influenced by Mnuchin’s emergence as a candidate for Treasury. Mnuchin in 2009 led a group that acquired assets of failed mortgage lender IndyMac Bank for $1.55 billion from the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp, a deal that included a loss-sharing agreement on failed mortgages.  Rebranded as OneWest, it subsequently grew to have 73 branches and $23 billion in assets at the time the CIT deal was announced in 2014. ",1
7197,Some members of Trump team can begin agency briefings: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Some members of President-elect Donald Trump’s transition team can now begin work with officials at certain government agencies as they prepare for the new administration to take over in January, the White House said on Thursday.  “The President-elect’s team has now completed the necessary steps for an initial group of authorized individuals to begin receiving briefings and other materials from our transition teams at select agencies across the government,” said White House spokeswoman Brandi Hoffine in a statement. “We expect to receive additional names for a wider range of agencies from the President-elect’s team as the transition work continues, and we will facilitate those requests on a rolling basis,” Hoffine said. ",1
7198,Trump considering Mitt Romney for secretary of state: NBC News,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump is considering Mitt Romney, the 2012 Republican presidential nominee, for secretary of state, NBC News reported on Thursday, citing unnamed sources. Romney, a former Massachusetts governor, is due to meet Trump on Sunday to discuss the position, NBC News said.  ",1
7199,Arkansas attorney general says open to working in Trump administration,"(Reuters) - Arkansas Attorney General Leslie Rutledge said on Thursday she was open to working in the incoming Trump administration, saying she wanted to do whatever she could to help roll back regulations that are hurting U.S. businesses. “My interest is in helping the Trump administration,” Rutledge told reporters as she arrived for meetings at Trump Tower in New York. “Whether that’s continuing on as the attorney general of Arkansas or (working) in the administration, then my ears are open.” She declined to say who she was scheduled to meet with. ",1
7200,"Trump, Pence have spoken with nearly 30 foreign leaders - statement","(Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump and Vice President-elect Mike Pence have spoken with nearly 30 foreign leaders since winning the Nov. 8 election, Trump’s transition team said in a statement on Wednesday. Discussions with many of the leaders, including Chinese President Xi Jinping and Russian President Vladimir Putin, were already public knowledge. Leaders from Afghanistan, Iraq and Pakistan were missing from the list, as were any African heads of state or leaders from Southeast Asia. ",1
7201,Factbox: Short list of potential picks for Trump administration,"(Reuters) - New candidates to serve in U.S. President-elect Donald Trump’s Cabinet emerged on Wednesday, including U.S. Senator Ted Cruz as a potential attorney general and North Carolina Governor Nikki Haley as secretary of state, as he works to fill administration positions ahead of his inauguration on Jan. 20. Trump said on Sunday he would hire Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus as White House chief of staff and named Stephen Bannon, former head of the conservative website Breitbart News, as his chief strategist and senior counselor. Below are people mentioned as contenders for senior roles. * Steven Mnuchin, former Goldman Sachs Group Inc executive and Trump’s campaign finance chairman * Jeb Hensarling, U.S. representative from Texas and chairman of the House Financial Services Committee * Jamie Dimon, JPMorgan Chase & Co chief executive officer * Tom Barrack, founder and chairman of Colony Capital Inc * Rudy Giuliani, former mayor of New York City * Nikki Haley, governor of South Carolina  * John Bolton, former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations under President George W. Bush * Bob Corker, U.S. senator from Tennessee and chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee * Newt Gingrich, former U.S. House of Representatives speaker * Zalmay Khalilzad, former U.S. ambassador to Iraq * Jeff Sessions, U.S. senator from Alabama and early Trump supporter, member of the Senate Armed Services Committee * Tom Cotton, U.S. senator from Arkansas       * Retired Lieutenant General Michael Flynn, former director of the Defense Intelligence Agency  * Jon Kyl, former U.S. senator from Arizona * Duncan Hunter, U.S. representative from California and early Trump supporter, member of the House Armed Services Committee * Jim Talent, former U.S. senator from Missouri who was on the Senate Armed Services Committee  * Kelly Ayotte, outgoing U.S. senator from New Hampshire and member of the Senate Armed Services Committee * Rudy Giuliani * Ted Cruz, U.S. senator from Texas * Jeff Sessions, senior member of the Senate Judiciary Committee who takes a hard line on immigration * Kris Kobach, Kansas secretary of state, architect of anti-immigration efforts who says he is advising Trump on immigration issues * Pam Bondi, Florida attorney general  * Trey Gowdy, U.S. representative from South Carolina who headed the House committee that investigated the 2012 attacks on the U.S. mission in Benghazi, Libya * Chris Christie, New Jersey governor * Henry McMaster, lieutenant governor of South Carolina * Newt Gingrich * Tom Price, U.S. representative from Georgia who is an orthopedic surgeon * Rick Scott, Florida governor  * Rich Bagger, former pharmaceutical executive and former top aide to New Jersey Governor Chris Christie * Bobby Jindal, former Louisiana governor * Michael McCaul, U.S. representative from Texas and chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee * David Clarke, Milwaukee county sheriff and vocal Trump supporter  * Joe Arpaio, outgoing Maricopa County, Arizona, sheriff who campaigned for Trump  * Jeff Holmstead, energy lawyer, former EPA official during George W. Bush administration * Mike Catanzaro, energy lobbyist, former EPA official during George W. Bush administration * Robert Grady, venture capitalist, partner in private equity firm Gryphon Investors  * Leslie Rutledge, Arkansas attorney general * Carol Comer, commissioner of the Indiana Department of Environmental Management * Harold Hamm, Oklahoma oil and gas mogul, chief executive of Continental Resources Inc * Kevin Cramer, U.S. Representative from North Dakota * Robert Grady * Larry Nichols, co-founder of Devon Energy Corp * James Connaughton, chief executive of Nautilus Data Technologies and a former environmental adviser to President George W. Bush * Sarah Palin, former Alaska governor, 2008 Republican vice presidential nominee * Jan Brewer, former Arizona governor * Forrest Lucas, founder of oil products company Lucas Oil * Harold Hamm * Robert Grady * Wilbur Ross, billionaire investor, chairman of Invesco Ltd subsidiary WL Ross & Co * Linda McMahon, former world Wrestling Entertainment executive and two-time Senate candidate * Retired Lieutenant General Ronald Burgess, former Defense Intelligence Agency chief  * Robert Cardillo, director of the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency * Pete Hoekstra, former U.S. representative from Michigan * Retired Lieutenant General Michael Flynn * Pete Hoekstra * Michael Flynn * Stephen Hadley * Kelly Ayotte * Richard Grenell, former spokesman for the United States at the United Nations  * Peter King, U.S. representative from New York * Dan DiMicco, former chief executive of steel producer Nucor Corp * Jeff Miller, retiring U.S. representative from Florida and chairman of the Veterans Affairs committee The Trump transition team confirmed he would choose from the list of 21 names he drew up during his campaign, including U.S. Senator Mike Lee of Utah, and William Pryor, a federal judge with the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals.  ",1
7202,Merkel silent on fourth term despite glowing words from Obama,"BERLIN (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama called German Chancellor Angela Merkel an “outstanding” ally on Thursday and said she might get his support if he were a German citizen and she decided to run for a fourth term as leader of Europe’s largest economy. Merkel, whom many expect to stand again, declined to show her hand, despite Obama’s words of support. She said she would announce her decision at the appropriate moment, but “that is not today”.  “Chancellor Merkel has been an outstanding partner,” Obama told reporters in Berlin when asked if he wanted her to run again, praising her integrity and their shared core values.  Merkel told a joint news conference that it was difficult to say goodbye to Obama after their close partnership over the past eight years. “The parting is hard for me,” she said, before adding that the U.S. constitution limited a president’s time in office to a maximum of eight years and that she had to accept this. Obama smiled at journalists and winked. He said Merkel faced “big burdens” if she chose to run again. “I wish I could be there to lighten her load somewhat, but she is tough.” Merkel, in power since 2005, is expected to announce on Sunday whether she will run for chancellor again in next year’s federal election, the Redaktionsnetzwerk Deutschland media group reported on Wednesday. Close Merkel aides have said she is moving toward another run, and one lawmaker in her conservative party this week told CNN that she would definitely put herself forward. A poll conducted for German broadcaster ARD, released on Thursday, showed Merkel’s conservatives would get 32 percent of the vote if the elections were held on Sunday, down one percentage point from a poll taken on Nov. 3. The center-left Social Democrats, junior partner in her  “grand coalition,” would get 23 percent, up one percentage point from the last poll, while the pro-environment Greens would get 13 percent, also up one point, the poll conducted by Infratest dimap showed. The anti-immigrant Alternative for Germany (AfD) party dropped one percentage point to 12 percent.  ",1
7203,Trump 'unbelievably impressed' with Sen. Sessions: statement,"(Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump has been deeply impressed with U.S. Senator Jeff Sessions, his transition team said on Thursday of the longtime supporter who is under consideration for secretary of defense and attorney general. “While nothing has been finalized and he is still talking with others as he forms his Cabinet, the president-elect has been unbelievably impressed with Senator Sessions and his phenomenal record as Alabama’s Attorney General and U.S. Attorney,” the team said in a statement.  Sessions met with Trump on Wednesday in New York. ",1
7204,Obama says will continue to try to affect change in Syria,"BERLIN (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama on Thursday said it would be naive to expect a 180-degree turn by Russia or Syrian President Bashar al Assad, but the United States and its allies would continue to try to affect change to end the deadly Syrian crisis.  Obama spoke at a joint news conference after a meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel.  ",1
7205,Obama says will come back to Germany for Oktoberfest,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Outgoing U.S. President Barack Obama says he plans to come back to Germany at least one more time — to visit Munich’s annual beer-swigging Oktoberfest. “It’s wonderful to be back in Berlin. This is my sixth visit to Germany, it will not be my last,” Obama told a joint news conference with German Chancellor Angela Merkel. “I have somehow continued to miss Oktoberfest so that’s probably something that is better for me to do as a former president rather than as president. I’ll have more fun,” he said. Around 7.5 million litres of beer are consumed each year at the Oktoberfest by locals and tourists alike, many decked out in traditional lederhosen and dirndls. ",1
7206,Merkel: I will announce decision on fourth term at right time,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Thursday she would announce at the appropriate moment whether she will run for a fourth term next year, adding “that is not today.”  She was speaking during a news conference in Berlin with U.S. President Barack Obama who said he might vote for Merkel if he was German. “Merkel has been an outstanding partner,” Obama said. Many in Germany expect Merkel to run in a general election next year in which her conservatives are expected to remain the largest bloc in parliament. ",1
7207,Obama says hopes Trump can stand up to Russia when needed,"BERLIN (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama on Thursday said he hoped President-elect Donald Trump could stand up to Russia when needed, and would take a constructive approach to cooperating with Moscow where interests aligned. “In order for us to solve many big problems around the world, it is in our interest to work with Russia,” Obama told a joint news conference with German Chancellor Angela Merkel. “My hope is that the president-elect coming in takes a similarly constructive approach, finding areas where we can cooperate with Russia where our values and interests align, but that the president-elect also is willing to stand up to Russia when they are deviating from our values and international norms,” Obama said. He added it was important for sanctions imposed against Russia over its actions in eastern Ukraine to remain in place until Moscow complied with the Minsk peace agreement. Obama, asked if he thought Merkel should run for a fourth term as chancellor, said he considered her an outstanding leader and would vote for Merkel, if he were a German citizen. ",1
7208,House Republicans pursue short-term government funding bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives have decided to pursue a short-term measure to keep the government funded at current levels until March in order to give incoming President-elect Donald Trump more of a say on budget and appropriations issues, lawmakers said on Thursday. The decision, which surfaced as House Republicans prepared to meet Vice President-elect Mike Pence, calls for replacing a funding measure that expires on Dec. 9 with a similar resolution that would run through March 31. Lawmakers said the short-term measure would allow Trump to have greater input on setting funding priorities for the remainder of fiscal year 2017, which ends on Sept 30. “I think the new, incoming government would like to have a say-so on how spending is allocated,” House Speaker Paul Ryan told reporters. “And so we are working with ... the new Trump administration on the timing of that on the continuing resolution.” Democrats and some Republicans described the decision as a mistake that could lead to a more difficult appropriations task next year. Representative Hal Rogers, who chairs the House Appropriations Committee, expressed disappointment at the decision, which suspends months of work by lawmakers and their staffs on full-scale appropriations bills Congress had intended to enact before year end. “I am extremely hopeful that the new Congress and the new administration will finish these bills,” Rogers said in a statement, adding that his panel would immediately begin working on the new measure, known as a continuing resolution. Representative Charlie Dent, a Republican member of Rogers’ committee, called the decision a mistake following an election in which Democrats were able to increase their Senate minority.  “It will be harder to pass an omnibus in March,” Dent said. “And we’ll have a smaller margin in the senate to help us. I’d rather clear the decks for a new administration. But apparently the new administration would like to be able to put their imprint on this.” House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi said the continuing resolution would only perpetuate uncertainty about government funding.  “They’re making a big mistake for themselves. They’re going to have a kettle of fish in March that they can’t even imagine,” she said. Some conservative House Republicans have sought a continuing resolution that would expire at the same time as the legislative limit on the government debt. ",1
7209,U.S. Mideast intelligence analysts felt superiors distorted findings,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Officials in the U.S. military’s Central Command, which oversees combat operations in the Middle East and South Asia, were much more likely than counterparts elsewhere to believe superiors  distorted or suppressed their analyses, according to a government intelligence survey.     Results of the December 2015 survey are likely to reinforce questions in Congress and elsewhere about whether the administration is pressuring officials to make over-optimistic claims about progress against Islamic State and the Taliban to help U.S. President Barack Obama leave office in January on a high note.     The Office of the Director of National Intelligence (ODNI)     survey, which had not been reported until now, was one of the main topics of a House intelligence committee hearing on Thursday.     In one of its more striking findings, only 36 percent of  Central Command officials surveyed said they were confident that their mid- and senior-level managers were not deliberately distorting or suppressing their analyses. The average for the other eight U.S. military commands, which include those in the Pacific, Africa and Europe, was 72 percent. Central Command directs the American military missions in Afghanistan, Iraq, Syria and elsewhere in the Middle East and South Asia. Its analysts typically assess intelligence such as potential targets for bombing and an enemy’s strength. Asked if “anyone attempted to distort or suppress analysis on which you were working in the face of persuasive evidence,” 40 percent of the CENTCOM respondents said yes, compared to an average of 13 percent. The survey found that when that question was asked, 65 percent of the command’s respondents said “politicization” was an issue.  “The data suggests respondents from Central Command believe their workplace adheres to objectivity standards relatively less than do workplaces of their IC counterparts,” the report said, using an acronym for the U.S. intelligence community.  Outgoing Director of National Intelligence James Clapper said the situation at Central Command had improved in the 2016 survey. Clapper told a congressional intelligence hearing on Thursday that CENTCOM objectivity numbers were now similar to those in other combatant commands. “I do think there is, by virtue of the change in commanders and...(there) has been a change in the atmosphere there and so I’ve been encouraged by the trends particularly this year,” Clapper said.  CENTCOM did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Separately, Clapper told the hearing that he had submitted his letter of resignation but would stay until the end of the Obama administration. The survey has been conducted annually since 2006 and about 4,000 analysts and managers responded to it, including 125 CENTCOM analysts and managers. It cautions, however, that because responses were voluntary, “care should be taken when broadly interpreting results” for each command.         Officials in other U.S. intelligence agencies said the Central Command issues were not the product of pressure from White House or other senior officials, and played a minor role in the administration’s public claims of progress against Islamic State and the Taliban, many of which have proved to be overly optimistic. That is true, these officials said, because much of the Central Command analysis consists of daily bomb damage assessments and other situation reports, not strategic intelligence, and constitutes only a small part of the material that finds its way from numerous other intelligence agencies, including the CIA and the National Security Agency, into the President’s daily intelligence briefing. Nevertheless, the findings of the survey, which was posted with no notice last month on a remote part of the ODNI website, are likely to raise questions about intelligence assessments provided by Central Command. Earlier this year, a U.S. congressional report said Central Command painted too rosy a picture of the fight against Islamic State in 2014 and 2015 compared with the reality on the ground and grimmer assessments by other analysts.       The Defense Department Inspector General is investigating the findings and is expected to issue a separate report, military officials said.     ",1
7210,Sanders to build base outside of Washington in new Democratic post,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Senator Bernie Sanders, a former Democratic presidential candidate, said on Thursday he will help rebuild party support outside of Washington and craft a new economic message for all Americans. Sanders, who will become outreach chair on the Senate Democrats leadership team, will try to engage Americans who feel disconnected from the political process. Sanders is an Independent from Vermont but tends to vote with Democrats.    “The real action to transform America won’t take place on Capitol Hill, it will be in the grassroots America among millions struggling economically and young people,” Sanders said at a breakfast hosted by the Christian Science Monitor. Democrat Charles Schumer of New York, elected the Senate’s new minority leader on Wednesday, said Sanders will join his 10-member leadership team. He wants to harness Sanders’ popularity with young and working class voters during the hard-fought primary battle with Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton. Democrats are regrouping after the upset victory of Republican Donald Trump and after Republicans gained control of the Senate and House and made big gains in control of state legislatures. Sanders, who will also become the ranking Democrat on the Senate Budget Committee, said he will make sure the panel represents the needs of working families, not billionaires. One problem for the Democrats is while they make the point that the economy is better off today than it was eight years ago, it has not improved for the middle class for decades, he said. “What the Democrats I think too often have ignored is that for the last forty years ... the middle class of this country has been shrinking,” Sanders told the breakfast, saying that real wages have gone down while income inequality has risen.     Sanders said he supports fresh leadership for the Democratic National Committee, the party’s organization and has endorsed Congressman Keith Ellison, of Minnesota, as the new leader of the party. Ellison, who is a progressive and a Muslim, reflects the diversity of the party, Sanders and other Democrats say.  Sanders also said that Hillary Clinton should play a key role. After her defeat last week, Sanders said he did not talk to her directly, only on a conference call. “She ended up getting more votes that Mr. Trump and it goes without saying that she has a very important role to play about the future of the Democratic party,” he said. ",1
7211,U.S. spy chief says expects Russia plans to expand presence in Syria base,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Director of National Intelligence said Russia was planning on expanding its presence at its naval base in Tartous, Syria to support its naval operations in the eastern Mediterranean. James Clapper also said he did not expect a “significant change in Russian behavior” when asked about Russia’s hacking activities. ",1
7212,U.S. spy chief declines to comment on whether Russia shared info with Americans from hacks,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Director of National Intelligence declined to comment on Thursday when asked whether Russia or those responsible for hacking the Democratic Party or Democratic party organizations had shared any information with the United States or Americans over the last year and a half.  “Sir, I’d rather not respond off the top of my head and in any event this would probably best left to a classified session,” James Clapper told a House intelligence committee hearing.  ",1
7213,Confusion over Trump's first talks with foreign leader,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - One day before U.S. President-elect Donald Trump’s first meeting with a foreign leader, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, Japanese officials said they had not finalized when or where in New York it would take place, who would be invited, or in some cases whom to call for answers. Uncertainty over the talks shows the difficulties in turning Trump from a freewheeling businessman into a sitting president with a watertight schedule and a fully functioning administration by his inauguration on Jan. 20.               Japanese and U.S. officials said on Wednesday the State Department had not been involved in planning the meeting, leaving the logistical and protocol details that normally would be settled far in advance still to be determined. “There has been a lot of confusion,” said one Japanese official.  The meeting was only agreed to last week and Trump and his advisers have been busy in meetings at his headquarters in Manhattan’s Trump Tower in recent days to work out who gets which job in the new administration.  While world leaders sometimes hold loosely planned bilateral meetings at regional summits, it is unusual for foreign leaders to hold high-level diplomatic talks in the United States without detailed planning. Abe is on his way to an Asia-Pacific summit in Peru. State Department spokesman John Kirby said that to his knowledge, Trump’s transition team had not been in contact with the department either to discuss the transition of government or to seek information ahead of his meetings with foreign leaders. Trump is expected to use the Abe meeting to reassure Japan and other Asian allies rattled by his campaign rhetoric, advisers to Trump said.  But Trump, a brash outsider with no diplomatic or government experience, and Abe, a veteran lawmaker, have differences on policy issues such as free trade.     Several Trump aides did not immediately answer requests on Wednesday for comment about the Abe visit or contact between the transition team and the State Department.    Speculation about top appointments to the Trump administration has intensified since the head of the team overseeing the transition, New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, was removed last week and replaced by Vice President-elect Mike Pence. Transition team officials said on Wednesday night that Trump planned to announce “landing teams” on Thursday that would begin setting up staff in key agencies, like the State and Justice departments. They added in a conference call with reporters that those who begin working on the teams would have to sign an agreement not to lobby for five years after they leave the administration, keeping with a Trump campaign promise to institute a ban on lobbying for executive branch employees.  Trump on Wednesday denounced reports of disorganization in the team, singling out the New York Times for saying world leaders have had trouble getting in touch with him since his upset victory over Democrat Hillary Clinton in the Nov. 8 presidential election.     The Republican real estate magnate said on Twitter he had taken “calls from many foreign leaders despite what the failing @nytimes said. Russia, U.K., China, Saudi Arabia, Japan.”  The Times, a frequent target of Trump’s Twitter blasts, said on Tuesday that U.S. allies were “scrambling to figure out how and when to contact Mr. Trump” and blindly dialing in to Trump Tower to try to reach him. The newspaper said Trump was working without official State Department briefing materials in his dealings with foreign leaders.         “The failing @nytimes story is so totally wrong on transition,” Trump tweeted, without specifying what it was in the article that was incorrect. “It is going so smoothly. Also, I have spoken to many foreign leaders.”     Trump and Pence had spoken to 29 foreign leaders, the transition team said on Wednesday. Trump has mostly stuck to normal practice for a U.S. president-elect with the order in which he has spoken to foreign leaders on the phone since his election victory. But some of his contacts have stretched the limits of the usual procedure.      Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi, an army general who seized power three years ago, appears to have been the first leader to speak to Trump after the election, ahead of closer allies like the leaders of Britain and Germany. Sisi’s office called Trump last Wednesday and the incoming U.S. president told him it was “the first international call he had received to congratulate him on winning the election.”  Australian media reported that Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull was the second leader Trump spoke to, after the Australian ambassador to the United States got Trump’s personal phone number from Australian golfer and Trump friend Greg Norman.  Trump also talked on the phone to the leaders of Britain, Germany, Turkey and other allies.   But a phone call on Monday with Russian President Vladimir Putin, in which the two men agreed to aim for “constructive cooperation,” raised eyebrows among Democrats and traditionalist Republicans worried about a resurgent Moscow. Trump also met Britain’s anti-EU Brexit campaigner Nigel Farage at Trump Tower last weekend, ahead of any meeting with British Prime Minister Theresa May. State Department spokesman Kirby said: “There’s been no outreach to date” from Trump’s transition aides. “But it’s not for us to approve or disapprove of conversations that the president-elect is having or may have in the future with foreign leaders.” Despite fevered speculation, Trump has yet to say who will fill Cabinet positions such as secretary of state, treasury secretary or defense secretary. His team said that was not unusual and was in line with the timing of the transition of Democrat Barack Obama to the White House after he won the presidency in 2008.  Trump could add son-in-law Jared Kushner as a top White House adviser, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday. Kushner, who is married to Ivanka Trump, has been a central adviser during the campaign and transition. The Trump transition team has repeatedly denied it is seeking high-level security clearance for Kushner. A federal anti-nepotism law prohibits a president from hiring family members to serve in his administration, but the Journal said it was not clear if the law applied to a position inside the White House. It added Kushner had indicated he would avoid the issue by not taking pay for any White House work.       Kellyanne Conway, a senior Trump aide who served as his campaign manager, said she did not think Kushner was seeking an official role in the White House. “I just hung up the phone with Jared, and we didn’t discuss that,” Conway told reporters on Wednesday night. “I think he just wants to be incredibly helpful to his father-in-law as he’s been all along.” South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley will meet with Trump on Thursday, the transition team said. She emerged on Wednesday as a potential candidate for secretary of state. After speculation emerged that JPMorgan Chase & Co Chief Executive Jamie Dimon remained a contender for treasury secretary, the bank’s stock price dropped. ",1
7214,Obama says would support Trump moves to improve U.S. healthcare,"BERLIN (Reuters) - President Barack Obama said on Thursday he would support any move by President-elect Donald Trump to improve healthcare for Amercicans. “Trump says that he can improve the health system. I believe that if he is able to insure the same number of people - better than I am - I would support this,” Obama told German television station ARD, according to a translation into German. During the U.S. presidential campaign, Trump called for the Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare, to be repealed and replaced and labeled the 2010 law “a disaster.” He has since said he is considering retaining parts of Obama’s healthcare law. ",1
7215,Clinton urges renewed 'fight for values',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Defeated Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton called on Wednesday for a renewed fight for a more-inclusive United States despite disappointment over an election loss that laid bare national divisions. In her first public remarks since conceding to Republican Donald Trump last week, Clinton said that many Americans were asking whether his victory meant the United States was still the country they thought it was. “The divisions laid bare by this election run deep, but please listen to me when I say this. America is worth it, our children are worth it,” she said at a Children Defense Fund event honoring scholarship winners. “Believe in our country, fight for our values and never, ever give up.” Although Fund founder Marian Wright Edelman called the nonprofit advocacy group’s event “a love-in for Hillary Rodham Clinton,” the former first lady said it had not been easy for her to attend. “There have been times this past week when all I wanted to do was just to curl up with a good book or our dogs, and never leave the house again,” said Clinton, whose ties to the Children Defense Fund date back to her work there as a young law student. Clinton, a former secretary of state, won the popular vote but lost the crucial electoral college tally to Trump, a New York real estate magnate who has taken a hard line on immigration and has opposed accepting Syrian refugees. “I know many of you are deeply disappointed by the results of the election. I am too, more than I can ever express,” Clinton said. “But as I said last week, our campaign was never about one person or even one election. It was about the country we love, and building an America that is hopeful, inclusive and big hearted.” She said that help for children backed by Republicans and Democrats was a hopeful sign of both parties working together. The federal Children’s Health Insurance Program, for example, now covers 8 million children and its creation had relied on bipartisan support, Clinton said. “For the sake of our children, and our families and our country, I ask you to stay engaged, stay engaged on every level,” Clinton said. She added, “I am as sure of this as anything I have ever known. America is still the greatest country in the world, it is still the place where anyone can beat the odds.” ",1
7216,Kremlin 'awaits' signals from Trump's team to establish contacts,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Kremlin was expecting “signals” from the team of U.S. President-elect Donald Trump in order to establish contacts with the future administration, Kremlin foreign policy aide Yuri Ushakov told reporters on Thursday. “It is not clear yet, whom we should contact informally,” he said. “We are waiting for signals.” Ushakov said he did not rule out contacts with Trump’s team before his inauguration in January. ",1
7217,U.S. panel urges ban on China state firms buying U.S. companies,"WASHINGTON/HONG KONG (Reuters) - U.S. lawmakers should take action to ban China’s state-owned firms from acquiring U.S. companies, a congressional panel charged with monitoring security and trade links between Washington and Beijing said on Wednesday. In its annual report to Congress, the U.S.-China Economic and Security Review Commission said the Chinese Communist Party has used state-backed enterprises as the primary economic tool to advance and achieve its national security objectives. The report recommended Congress prohibit U.S. acquisitions by such entities by changing the mandate of CFIUS, the U.S. government body that conducts security reviews of proposed acquisitions by foreign firms. “The Commission recommends Congress amend the statute authorizing the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS) to bar Chinese state-owned enterprises from acquiring or otherwise gaining effective control of U.S. companies,” the report said. CFIUS, led by the U.S. Treasury and with representatives from eight other agencies, including the departments of Defense, State and Homeland Security, now has veto power over acquisitions from foreign private and state-controlled firms if it finds that a deal would threaten U.S. national security or critical infrastructure. If enacted, the panel’s recommendation would essentially create a blanket ban on U.S. purchases by Chinese state-owned enterprises. The report “has again revealed the commission’s stereotypes and prejudices,” Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang said in Beijing.  “We ask that Chinese companies investing abroad abide by local laws and regulations, and we hope that relevant countries will create a level playing field,” he told a daily news briefing. The panel’s report is purely advisory, but could carry extra weight this year because they come as President-elect Donald Trump’s transition team is formulating its trade and foreign policy agenda and vetting candidates for key economic and security positions. Congress also could be more receptive, after U.S. voter sentiment against job losses to China and Mexico helped Republicans retain control of both the House and the Senate in last week’s election. Trump strongly criticized China throughout the U.S. election campaign, grabbing headlines with his pledges to slap 45 percent tariffs on imported Chinese goods and to label the country a currency manipulator on his first day in office. “Chinese state owned enterprises are arms of the Chinese state,” Dennis Shea, chairman of the U.S.-China Economic and Security Review Commission, told a news conference. “We don’t want the U.S. government purchasing companies in the United States, why would we want the Chinese Communist government purchasing companies in the United States?” The recommendation to change laws governing CFIUS was one of 20 proposals the panel made to Congress. On the military side, it called for a government investigation into how far outsourcing to China has weakened the U.S. defense industry. The 16-year-old panel also said Congress should pass legislation that would require its pre-approval of any move by the U.S. Commerce Department to declare China a “market economy” and limit anti-dumping tariffs against the country. The United States and U.S. businesses attracted a record $64.5 billion worth of deals involving buyers from mainland China this year, more than any other country targeted by Chinese buyers, according to Thomson Reuters data.  The push into the United States is part of a global overseas buying spree by Chinese companies that this year has seen a record $200 billion worth of deals, nearly double last year’s tally.  CFIUS has shown a higher degree of activism against Chinese buyers this year, catching some by surprise. Prominent deals that fell victim to CFIUS include Tsinghua Holdings’ $3.8 billion investment in Western Digital (WDC.O).     Overall, data do not demonstrate CFIUS has been a significant obstacle for Chinese investment in the United States. In 2014, the latest year for which data is available, China topped the list of foreign countries in CFIUS review with 24 deals reviewed out of more than 100 scrutinized by CFIUS. Although the number of Chinese transactions reviewed rose in absolute terms, it fell as a share of overall Chinese acquisitions, the report noted, and the vast majority of deals reviewed by CFIUS were cleared. ",1
7218,China's interference in Hong Kong reaching alarming levels: U.S. congressional panel,"HONG KONG (Reuters) - A U.S. congressional panel has warned of an “alarming” rise in China’s interference in Hong Kong, noting fears over the former British colony’s continued role as a global financial hub. In its annual report to Congress on Wednesday, the bipartisan U.S.-China Economic and Security Review Commission highlights the “chilling” abduction and detention of five booksellers based in Hong Kong as well as pressure on media and academic freedoms. Britain handed Hong Kong back to China in 1997 under a “one country, two systems” agreement that ensures its freedoms, independent legal system and wide-ranging autonomy remain intact. The commission, in a detailed 33-page section, urges a fresh probe from the State Department into Hong Kong’s autonomy and freedoms, as well as continued congressional oversight. “Hong Kong’s traditional standing as a global financial hub has significant economic implications for the United States, as U.S. trade and investment ties with Hong Kong are substantial,” the report notes. It says the booksellers’ detentions - including two foreign nationals and one who was abducted inside Hong Kong - broadened domestic fears of mainland encroachment and sparked a record turnout in September’s legislative election. “This incident has threatened the maintenance of the ‘one country, two systems’ framework and led some observers to question Hong Kong’s status as a leading global financial hub,” the report warns. “The election took place against the backdrop of an alarming rise in mainland interference in Hong Kong.” U.S. senators Marco Rubio and Tom Cotton also introduced a bill that would freeze U.S.-based assets and ban U.S. entry of those responsible for the “surveillance, abduction, detention, or forced confessions of certain booksellers and journalists in Hong Kong”, according to a statement on Rubio’s senate website. In Beijing, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang said Hong Kong was an internal matter for China and no foreign country had the right to interfere. “In order to try to split the country, some forces have openly sought foreign support,” Geng told a daily news briefing. “Those who attempt to use foreign forces to achieve their own political goals will not succeed.” The report comes amid deepening concerns in Beijing over a fledgling independence movement in the city. The High Court this week backed a government demand to bar two recently elected lawmakers, who insulted China when taking their oath of office, from the legislature. In a statement after the report’s release, the Hong Kong government said the “one country, two systems” principle was being implemented successfully, as was the city’s role as a global commercial hub. It also urged foreign parties not to interfere. The booksellers were involved in the production and sale of gossipy political titles banned in mainland China but freely available in Hong Kong. Their plight fueled Western governments’ concerns and sparked formal diplomatic protests. One of the five men, Swedish passport holder Gui Minhai, who disappeared from the Thai resort of Pattaya last October, is the only one still in detention in China. Another, Lam Wing-kee, returned to Hong Kong in June, saying he had been held captive by Chinese agents for eight months.  The report places the worsening climate in the city in the context of China’s broader disregard for international legal agreements and norms on issues such as the South China Sea and Taiwan. ",1
7219,Key U.S. senator remains concerned over ChemChina-Syngenta deal,"BEIJING (Reuters) - A powerful U.S. senator said he is concerned that state-owned ChemChina, which is buying Swiss crop protection and seed group Syngenta SYNN.S for $43 billion, could use U.S. sovereign immunity laws to shield itself from claims in U.S. courts. Some Chinese state-owned entities have argued that they have sovereign immunity and thus can’t be sued in U.S. courts under the U.S. Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act (FSIA) of 1976. The acquisition by China National Chemical Corp (ChemChina) [CNNCC.UL] of Syngenta, the largest global investment by a Chinese company, won U.S. regulatory clearance in August despite concerns from some lawmakers over U.S. food security. This week, a U.S. congressional panel urged lawmakers to take action to ban Chinese state-owned firms from acquiring U.S. companies. In a Nov. 9 letter to U.S. Senator Chuck Grassley that was posted on his website, ChemChina said its U.S.-incorporated businesses are subject to U.S. civil law, and that FSIA does not apply to commercial activity.  Grassley, who represents the U.S. agricultural powerhouse state of Iowa, said in a Nov. 16 response that he remained concerned that ChemChina could seek to shield itself from U.S. court jurisdiction.  “While ChemChina indicated that immunity would not extend to Syngenta’s U.S. business, the company failed to note that immunity would otherwise apply to a wholly state-owned entity,” he said on his website.  Some legal experts say the sovereign immunity defense, intended under international law to shield governments from legal rulings made by a foreign power, typically does not apply to commercial cases. ChemChina’s acquisition is now in the process of gaining approval from the European Commission, and the deal is expected to be closed around the end of March. In its letter to Grassley, ChemChina said the Chinese government does not interfere with ChemChina’s operations and has not directed ChemChina or any of its affiliates to engage in price-fixing with competitors.  “Syngenta will continue to have its same strategy, management, people and culture and its headquarters in Basel. No jobs will be lost and no jobs will go overseas as a result of this transaction,” it said. ChemChina also said the Chinese government does not interfere with its operations and has not directed ChemChina or any of its affiliates to engage in price fixing with competitors.  ",1
7220,China sees THAAD deployment as 'weather vane' under Trump,"BEIJING (Reuters) - Whether President-elect Donald Trump goes through with a deployment of a U.S. anti-missile system in South Korea will be a key indicator to how political ties unfold with China, sources with ties to the leadership in Beijing said. Beijing will also be keeping a close eye on Trump’s meeting on Thursday with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan, its key regional rival, for clues on how the President-elect, who has never held public office, is likely to conduct foreign policy, they said. South Korea and the United States have agreed to deploy a Terminal High Altitude Area Defence (THAAD) anti-missile system  to counter missile threats from North Korea. It is expected to be in place within eight to 10 months, the commander of U.S. forces in South Korea said earlier this month. China has argued the planned deployment undermines strategic stability in Northeast Asia, and worries that THAAD’s powerful radar provides coverage of China’s missile installations. “Whether deployment of the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense is delayed is a political weather vane,” one source said. A security adviser to Trump said last week his meeting in New York with Abe on Thursday may mark the start of talks to garner Tokyo’s support for a push-back against China’s growing influence in Asia. “We have heard what he said. We will now watch what he does,” said the source, requesting anonymity because he is not authorized to speak to media. “We will play it by ear,” the source said, invoking an idiom that translates to blocking a punch or a kick as it comes. Trump has created doubts over his commitment to security alliances with Japan and South Korea, suggesting they need to pay more for a U.S. military presence and even hinting they should develop their own nuclear weapons capability. Japan going nuclear would be China’s worst nightmare and is likely to provoke strong reaction, diplomats and analysts have said. China’s relations with Japan have long been poisoned by what Beijing sees as Tokyo’s failure to fully atone for its invasion and occupation of parts of China before and during World War Two as well as competing claims over a group of East China Sea islets. “Northeast Asia would be a powder keg,” a second source said, referring to a nuclearized sub-region including China, Japan, North and South Korea. The State Council Information Office, or cabinet spokesman’s office, had no immediate comment. China is generally opposed to military alliances, seeing them as Cold War relics.  China’s stability-obsessed leaders do not know what to make of the 70-year-old Trump, whose win over Hillary Clinton was unexpected, and has backpedaled on some of his more controversial campaign statements. For example, Trump pledged his commitment to defending South Korea under an existing security alliance during a phone call last week with South Korean President Park Geun-hye. Trump had said during the election campaign he would be willing to withdraw the 28,500 U.S. troops stationed in South Korea unless Seoul paid a greater share of the cost of the U.S. deployment. Trump told Reuters in an interview in May he was willing to talk to North Korean leader Kim Jong Un to try to stop Pyongyang’s nuclear program - a major shift in U.S. policy toward the isolated nation - but has also called for China to do more to rein in Pyongyang. Sino-U.S. relations after Trump takes office on Jan. 20 are expected to be fluid, although Chinese President Xi Jinping told Trump during a telephone call on Monday cooperation was the “only correct choice” for the two giants. A statement from Trump’s presidential transition office said the two men “established a clear sense of mutual respect for one another” and he believes the two countries will have one of the strongest relationships moving forward. Trump’s election does offer some good news for China: it signals the demise of the U.S.-led Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP), which excludes China; it raises the possibility of belated U.S. backing for the China-led Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank, and possibly marks an end to President Obama’s strategic “pivot” to Asia. The bad news is that Trump has often made provocative remarks about China during his campaign, including threats to slap 45 percent tariffs on imports from China and label the world’s second-biggest economy a currency manipulator. Wei Jianguo, a retired vice commerce minister, was optimistic a trade war could be avoided. “Protectionism is on the rise, but a trade war between China and the United States is unlikely,” Wei, vice chairman of the China Center for International Economic Exchanges, a government-backed think-tank, told Reuters. “That was just election rhetoric,” he said. ",1
7221,Trump's golf buddy Norman pitches Australia to lead diplomatic line,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull became one of the first world leaders to speak to U.S. President-elect Donald Trump this week, but only after one of Trump’s old golfing buddies was asked to chip in. Turnbull confirmed that Australian golfing great and former world number one Greg Norman had been tapped to help facilitate the introduction to Trump, who includes building golf courses among his many business interests. The connection enabled Turnbull to jump the line of world leaders waiting to get the new U.S. leader on the phone, well ahead of larger allies like Britain and Japan, after Trump’s surprise win in last week’s presidential election. “In diplomacy and policies, you use lots of networks. All I can say is we have great networks, great connections and Greg Norman is a great Australian,” Turnbull said on Thursday. “(Norman) is a great advocate for strengthening the Australian-American alliance. One of our greatest assets is the more than million Australians who live overseas,” he told reporters in Sydney. Australia’s unconventional diplomatic approach reflects the apparent confusion that surrounds the incoming Trump administration as it  works on the transition before he is sworn in as president on Jan. 20.  Norman, a U.S. resident, described Republican Trump as a friend and said he was happy to help. “Donald, for all his bluster, rhetoric and aggressive style of messaging, caught the attention of those that needed a rudder for their forgotten ship and beliefs,” Norman said in a statement. “Like it or not, he made a poignant and powerful impact on a base that sat sadly alienated,” he said. Damon Hunt, a spokesman for Turnbull, said Australia had already been using its network of expatriates in the United States to canvass both candidates well before Trump unexpectedly defeated Democratic rival Hillary Clinton. Trump’s contact information was handed on to Australia’s ambassador in the United States, Joe Hockey, who then relayed it to Turnbull, Hunt said. “The only thing that was unusual about it was that we built relationships with both sides. A lot of countries and certain politicians just picked the Democrats, we were never going to back just one horse,” Hunt said. ",1
7222,"China, U.S. must avoid excessive mutual suspicion: Chinese envoy","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - China and the United States must avoid being overly suspicious of each other’s strategic intentions, China’s ambassador to the United States said on Wednesday while looking ahead to the Presidency of Donald Trump. Trump lambasted China throughout the U.S. election campaign, drumming up headlines with his pledges to slap 45 percent tariffs on imported Chinese goods and to label the country a currency manipulator on his first day in office. He has also vowed to build up the U.S. Navy in what advisers say will be a strategy to reassure countries in the Asia-Pacific worried about China’s assertive pursuit of territorial claims. China’s Washington envoy, Cui Tiankai, told a film screening to commemorate the 1979 normalization of U.S.-China ties that after “a most unusual political season,” it was important to build consensus and identify common ground. He said both countries were already cooperating on many issues, but added: “We have to make greater efforts to promote better mutual understanding and we should be careful not to be overly suspicious about each other’s strategic intentions. “There are people here in the United States who believe that everything that China does is aimed at challenging the United States’ s global dominance, and there are people who believe that everything the U.S. is doing is aimed at containing China. “I think both views are wrong.” There would inevitably be problems and challenges in the next four years, Cui said, “but ... I am quite confident that, on the whole, the relationship will move forward on a stable and right track.” Cui said the countries had a shared responsibility to cooperate on issues such as terrorism and proliferation of weapons of mass destruction. “We both want stability in the world. We both strive for a stronger global economy, and we both need a better natural environment. Common goals call for a close partnership.”  Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping spoke by phone on Monday and Xi told the U.S. President-elect cooperation was the only choice for the world’s two largest economies, while Trump said they had established a “clear sense of mutual respect.” Nevertheless, Trump’s election has created uncertainty when Beijing hopes for stability as it faces daunting reform challenges at home, slowing growth and a leadership reshuffle that will assemble a new party elite around Xi in late 2017.  Zbigniew Brzezinski, who as U.S. National Security Adviser drove normalization with China in the late 1970s told the same Washington event the world was watching U.S. political developments “with some stupefaction.” “We are now living in a political system, a worldwide system, that is experiencing a very serious crisis... . (I)t is potentially threatening to both sides, to the well-being of global stability,” he said. “You can have serious political problems in China … there are serious problems in the United States. We don’t know how we will be managing responsibilities in the foreseeable future, given some of the initial warning signals,” Brzezinski said.  (This story has been refiled to remove extraneous word from headline) ",1
7223,"Schumer, McConnell elected top leaders in Senate","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democratic U.S. senators elected Chuck Schumer of New York as minority leader on Wednesday, and he tapped former presidential candidate Senator Bernie Sanders to help Democrats woo blue-collar workers, many of whom voted for President-elect Donald Trump. Senate Republicans also met and voted to keep Mitch McConnell of Kentucky as the majority leader. Schumer, 65, replaces the retiring Harry Reid of Nevada as the top Democrat in the Senate as the party prepares to deal with Republican Trump and Republican majorities in both the Senate and House of Representatives. Schumer said Democrats had learned from the Nov. 8 election that they needed “a sharper, bolder economic message about returning the economic system which so many feel is rigged against them to one that works for the people.” “We’re ready to stand shoulder-to-shoulder with Republicans, working with soon-to-be-President Trump on issues where we agree, but we will go toe-to-toe against the president-elect whenever our values or the progress we’ve made is under assault,” Schumer, who has been in the Senate since 1999, told reporters after the Democrats’ closed-door election. In a move recognizing the influence of Sanders with many working-class voters, Schumer asked the independent senator from Vermont to be caucus head of outreach. Sanders, who lost the presidential primary to former senator and secretary of state Hillary Clinton, said his job was to reach out to “grassroots America.” Another liberal, Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts was given the role of vice chair of the conference while yet another progressive voice, Tammy Baldwin of Wisconsin, was made conference secretary. Senator Joe Manchin, a more conservative Democrat from West Virginia, was named vice chairman of the Democratic policy and communications committee.  Schumer said he knew there would be differences of opinion on the new team, but that together the group could “speak to the blue-collar worker in West Virginia, and Michigan, as well as the people who live along the coast.”  Trump’s economic populism helped him flip some once-reliably Democratic areas in blue-collar states while Democrats did better in large urban centers and coastal states. Senator Dick Durbin of Illinois remained minority whip, the No. 2 spot, while Senator Patty Murray of Washington was chosen as assistant Democratic leader. In the House, Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi announced she was running for minority leader again and said she already has the support of more than two-thirds of her caucus. Pelosi, who may face a challenger, agreed this week to delay leadership elections until Nov. 30 after her fellow Democrats called for more time to reassess why they fell short of their goals in the Nov. 8 election. ",1
7224,"Trump cyber security team, policy slow to take shape: officials","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump’s transition team has not announced a point person dedicated to cyber security policy or staffing in his administration, an omission that could make the United States more vulnerable to threats and worsen a government cyber talent shortfall, current and former national security officials said. They and multiple sources involved with the Trump transition organization said they were unaware of any person in the Trump orbit who is dealing specifically with cyber security, and that there has been minimal contact with federal agencies. The apparent lack of expertise or prioritization coincides with U.S. intelligence agencies, including the CIA, having   pivoted to digital warfare to address the growing national security and economic threats that nation-states and extremist groups pose in cyberspace. In response to a request for comment, a Trump spokeswoman referred to a cyber-security “vision” on Republican Trump’s campaign website, which calls for an immediate review of U.S. cyber defenses and vulnerabilities and lists high-profile hacks as “key issues” without further explanation. It did not mention cyber attacks on Democratic Party political organizations during the election campaign that the U.S. government said were carried out by Russia to interfere with the Nov. 8 vote. Trump praised WikiLeaks for publishing leaked emails from his opponent Hillary Clinton’s campaign and also questioned whether Russia was responsible for the hacks. A former National Security Agency (NSA) official who reviewed the “vision” statement said it was short on detail. Kellyanne Conway, a senior advisor to Trump who managed his campaign, told reporters in the lobby of Trump Tower Wednesday that reports of a rocky transition process were false. “You don’t form a federal government overnight,” she said. The ousting of former Republican lawmaker Mike Rogers from Trump’s transition team on Tuesday left a void of expertise on cyber and intelligence matters for the president-elect, officials said.   Rogers, who chaired the House Intelligence Committee while in Congress was talked about in Washington as a potential CIA Director or Director of National Intelligence. Former Defense Intelligence Agency Director Michael Flynn and retired lieutenant general Ronald Burgess are part of Trump’s transition team. They were focused on intelligence and security matters, according to a Trump team document that has circulated among Washington trade and lobbying organizations in the week since the New York businessman’s stunning election victory. Flynn is a contender to be the next Director of National Intelligence or White House National Security Adviser, according to people close to him and multiple media reports. A less likely possibility, according to the people, is Flynn would be named head of the National Security Agency. But neither Flynn nor Burgess are experts on cyber security, nor have they indicated an interest in the subject to Obama administration officials, sources close to the Trump and Obama teams said. The federal government has struggled for years to keep pace with the rising need for cyber talent.  A July memo from the White House’s Office of Management and Budget found a critical shortage of talent across the country was worsened in government, caused in part by an inability to compete with lucrative salaries in the private sector.  James Norton, a former George W. Bush administration official who helped set up the Department of Homeland Security’s first cyber security team, said that Trump’s transition team may be waiting to move forward on the issue until after cabinet-level security posts are filled.  “Cyber will be a priority,” said Norton, now president of Washington-based consulting firm Play-Action Strategies LLC. “There’s a little bit of fog, but I think that will clear once the names of the nominees are out.”  But finding and retaining qualified technical people to serve in government may become even more difficult under a Trump presidency because of disagreements with his policies and politics, three former national security officials said.  The president-elect’s bombastic statements on the campaign trail frequently alarmed tech companies and at times elicited public mockery, such as when Trump called for closing off parts of the Internet to limit militant Islamist propaganda or urged his supporters to boycott Apple when it refused to help the FBI unlock an iPhone tied to one of the San Bernardino, Calif., shooters. Susan Hennessey, a former attorney in the office of the general counsel at the NSA, said she has been urging people in the intelligence community to keep working in Trump’s administration because their expertise will be necessary to protect the country and resist potential abuses of executive power on issues such as surveillance. “In candor, I’m sad to be asking former colleagues whom I respect to consider setting aside their conscience in order to serve their country,” said Hennessey, who now serves as managing editor of the national security blog Lawfare. “I can’t and don’t blame anyone who feels they can’t stay.” A current national security official who has been approached by the Trump transition team said all or most political appointees in the Obama administration are expected to be sent packing after Trump’s inauguration on Jan. 20. He predicted that as much as five to 10 percent of the federal workforce also might leave.  Richard Clarke, a former senior White House advisor on counterterrorism and cyber security in both the Bill Clinton and George W. Bush administrations, said Trump’s election presents an opportunity to civil servants to help shape or resist the president-elect’s opinion on policy matters. He said many of the same concerns about Trump existed within the federal bureaucracy when former President Ronald Reagan was elected in 1980. “These people like Reagan and Trump are not well-grounded in policy,” Clarke said. “They don’t have a lot of firm beliefs that stem from years of analysis and experience,” Clarke told Reuters. “You can change their mind if you do it subtly, if they trust you. And you may not even know you’ve changed their mind, because they don’t know what their mind is.” Some parts of government are more effective than others at “slow-rolling” the president’s impulses, Clarke said. But “you can’t slow-roll work that needs to be done,” such as improving cyber security and addressing cyber threats, he said. ",1
7225,U.S. Senate leader says Iran sanctions renewal will pass,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate will vote to renew sanctions on Iran for 10 years before adjourning next month, the chamber’s Republican leader said on Wednesday, sending the bill to the White House, where President Barack Obama is expected to sign it into law. The House of Representatives voted overwhelmingly on Tuesday for the decade-long extension of the Iran Sanctions Act, or ISA, first adopted in 1996 to punish investments in Iran’s energy industry and deter the country’s pursuit of nuclear weapons. The act will expire at the end of 2016 if it is not renewed. “We’re going to take up the House bill,” Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell told reporters at the Senate’s weekly Republican leadership news conference. “... And we’re going to pass it.” The Obama administration and other world powers reached an agreement last year in which Tehran agreed to curb its nuclear program in exchange for sanctions relief. But members of Congress said they wanted the ISA to stay in effect to send a strong message that the United States will respond to provocations by Iran and give any U.S. president the ability to quickly reinstate sanctions if Tehran violated the nuclear agreement. White House officials have said they did not think the reinstatement was needed, now that the nuclear agreement has been in effect for almost a year. But they also have not raised concerns that a renewal would violate the deal. Apart from the ISA, the nuclear agreement’s longer-term future became more uncertain when Republican Donald Trump was elected president on Nov. 8, and Republicans kept their majorities in both the Senate and House of Representatives. Every Republican in Congress opposed the nuclear agreement. And Trump was harshly critical of it as he campaigned. ",1
7226,Congressional panel calls for U.S. women's history museum,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A congressionally-appointed panel on Wednesday called for the creation of a U.S. museum of women’s history, with preferred sites on or near Washington’s National Mall. The American Museum of Women’s History would close a gap in the U.S. capital, which has museums devoted to everything from space and spies to stamps and black history, but none focused on women, its backers said. “America needs and deserves a physical national museum dedicated to showcasing the historical experiences and impact of women in this country,” said the report from the seven-member commission - all women - empaneled by Congress in 2014. Creation of the museum would call for a decade-long effort to gather support and funding and to build it. The cost for a building of 75,000 square feet (6,900 square meters) to 90,000 square feet (8,400 square meters) would be estimated at $150 million to $180 million in private funds, the report said. The commission also recommended that Congress donate land free of charge for the museum site or provide an existing building. The museum would become part of the Smithsonian Institution, the world’s biggest museum complex, overseen by a board also appointed by Congress. The federal government would assume operation and maintenance costs. The panel recommended three sites for a women’s museum on or around the National Mall, a vast area stretching two miles (3.2 km) from the U.S. Capitol west to the Lincoln Memorial and often called “America’s front lawn.” One site is on the side of the Mall opposite the National Museum of African American History and Culture, which opened in September. The second site is the Smithsonian’s 19th-century Arts and Industries Building, also on the Mall, and the third is on the grounds of the U.S. Capitol. Congress declared the Mall closed to new building in 2003, but made an exception for the African American museum. With the Mall already crowded with monuments and museums, Washington planners are looking for ways to pay tribute to U.S. historical figures and events away from the area. ",1
7227,New York City mayor tells Trump about fear over his policies,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio said on Wednesday he told Donald Trump during a private meeting that fear is gripping communities in America’s largest city over the U.S. president-elect’s vows to crack down on illegal immigrants. The Democratic mayor and the wealthy Republican New York real estate developer traded insults during the campaign, but met for about an hour inside Trump’s skyscraper headquarters. Afterward, de Blasio said he expressed his concerns about Trump’s policies toward immigrants, as well the need for tough Wall Street regulation and protecting the rights of racial and religious minorities. De Blasio, who supported fellow Democrat Hillary Clinton against Trump in last week’s election, said the two men had a candid and substantive discussion. De Blasio said he told Trump immigrant families should not be torn apart by deportations, and that the police tactic supported by Trump of stopping and searching people on the street can drive a wedge between minorities and law enforcement. New York historically has been a city filled with immigrants. According to census data, 37 percent of New York City’s 8.6 million residents are foreign-born, far above the national figure of 13 percent.  “I tried to express to him how much fear there is - how much fear there is in communities all over this city,” the mayor told reporters outside Trump Tower.  During the campaign, Trump called for the deportation of all of the estimated 11 million immigrants in the United States illegally. Trump said in a TV interview aired on Sunday his priority was to remove up to 3 million immigrants who have criminal records or are gang members or drug dealers, and would decide on the others after the U.S. border is secured. The mayor last Thursday said New York would remain a sanctuary city shielding illegal immigrants, adding that “we are not going to sacrifice a half million people who live among us, who are part of our community.” Trump has said he may want to place some U.S. mosques under surveillance and suggested he may want to maintain a national database of Muslims. The New York Police Department has 900 officers who are Muslim, de Blasio said he told Trump.  The mayor declined to say what Trump’s responses had been. “I think they both said it was a very productive meeting,” Trump’s campaign manager, Kellyanne Conway, said separately, adding that the president-elect is open to speaking with a variety of people. Trump during the campaign called de Blasio the worst mayor in America and in New York City’s history. The mayor during the campaign called Trump dangerous and “one of the worst demagogues in recent U.S. political history.” Trump grew up in the New York City borough of Queens and still makes Manhattan his primary residence. Trump has not said whether he will continue to live part-time in New York after he takes office on Jan. 20. De Blasio said he spoke to Trump about the importance of tough banking regulations and of tax cuts that do not favor the wealthy. Trump has promised a “dismantling” of the Democratic-backed 2010 Dodd-Frank financial reform law enacted following the financial crisis, and has promised deep tax cuts. The mayor expressed some optimism that Trump would follow through on a campaign pledge to spend more on infrastructure. Trump said during the campaign he would rebuild America’s infrastructure including highways, bridges, tunnels, airports, schools and hospitals. “It would have a hugely positive impact on millions of New Yorkers, and hopefully put a lot of people back to work,” de Blasio said. ",1
7228,"Ahead of Trump meeting, Abe told not to take campaign rhetoric literally","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will seek reassurances from U.S. President-elect Donald Trump on U.S.-Japan ties on Thursday and a senior adviser to Abe said he had been told that campaign remarks calling the alliance into question should not be taken literally. Abe is due to meet Trump in New York on Thursday and is expected to be the first foreign leader to meet the president- elect since his election last week. Trump’s transition team has not responded to requests for comment on the meeting, but an adviser to Trump, speaking anonymously, said this week that Trump would seek to reassure Abe and other Asian allies rattled by his campaign rhetoric. Trump had fanned worries in Tokyo and beyond with his comments on the possibility of Japan acquiring nuclear arms and demands that allies pay more for the upkeep of U.S. forces on their soil or face the possibility of their withdrawal. Katsuyuki Kawai, an adviser to Abe sent to set up the Trump meeting, said he had spoken to several Trump advisers since arriving in Washington on Monday. “I have been meeting with so many top aides to the president-elect and also I have been meeting with the very distinguished senators and congressmen and they unanimously told me that we don’t have to take each word that Mr. Trump said publicly literally,” he told Reuters. Kawai said that among the Trump advisers he had met were Representative Devin Nunes, Senator Tom Cotton, and the presidents of the conservative Heritage Foundation and Hudson Institute think tanks, Jim DeMint and Ken Weinstein. Kawai said the fact that Abe would be the first foreign leader Trump would meet since winning the presidency on Nov. 8 was “a meaningful signal” and Abe’s aim was “to establish the highest level personal ties with the president-elect.” “That meeting will be the first for building up the great personal relationship between two leaders,” he said. “Prime Minister Abe will definitely talk about the importance of the Japan-U.S. alliance and that alliance is not only for Japan and the United States, but also for the entire Indo-Pacific region as well as world politics.” A Trump adviser, who did not want to be identified because he was not authorized to speak to the media, said he expected the meeting to “set the tone” for Trump’s relations with Japan and the region.  “I think the message ... is going to be extremely reassuring,” the adviser said. “I expect he is going to reaffirm his commitments to the alliance and the American commitment to being in the Pacific long-term.” The adviser said Japan’s financial support for U.S. troops in Japan might come up but was unlikely to be a focus. Some diplomats say that until Trump makes key appointments, it will be hard to assess his policies on issues ranging from overseas deployments of U.S. troops, China’s maritime aggressiveness in Asia and North Korea’s nuclear threat. A day before the Trump-Abe meeting, Japanese officials said they had no idea exactly when the meeting would take place, where in New York it will happen, who will be invited or whom to call for answers. Japanese and U.S. officials said on Wednesday the State Department had not been involved in planning the meeting, which has left the logistical and protocol details that normally would be settled weeks in advance still to be determined. “There has been a lot of confusion,” said one Japanese official. Abe, a political blue blood and veteran lawmaker, and Trump, a brash outsider with no diplomatic or government experience, have sharp differences on policy issues such as free trade. But the two may find they have much in common, including pledges to restore their countries’ global stature and a desire to counter a rising China while improving relations with Russia. “Prime Minister Abe and Mr. Trump will have good chemistry,” said Takashi Kawakami, a professor at Tokyo’s Takushoku University. “Both tend to decide and act based on intuition. And both are pragmatists who put their countries’ interests first.” Kawai said Abe considered the U.S. relationship Japan’s most important and that it was essential that it was built on trust. “That is why the prime minister wants to build the highest level personal ties with Mr. Trump,” he said. Some of Trump’s rhetoric suggests an image of Japan forged in the 1980s, when Tokyo was seen by many in the United States as a threat to jobs and a free-rider on defense. His election also has dashed hopes for U.S. approval of a 12-nation trade pact, the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP), a linchpin of Washington’s “pivot” to Asia and a pillar of Abe’s economic reforms. But Abe’s personal attitude about defense appears to be viewed more positively in the Trump camp, even if it would like Japan to do more. Since taking office in 2012 Abe has boosted Japan’s overall defense spending while stretching the limits of its pacifist post-war constitution to allow the military to take a bigger global role. “Frankly, the prime minister has been more assertive and forthright in trying to make those changes to Japan’s global posture,” the Trump adviser said. “I think he’s going to get a very receptive audience there.”  Japan agreed last December to boost spending for U.S. forces in Japan by 1.4 percent for the next five years, at an average of 189.3 billion yen  ($1.74 billion) per year. Defence Minister Tomomi Inada has said Tokyo was paying enough. However, defense spending still stands at just over 1 percent of GDP against over 3 percent in the United States. ",1
7229,European leaders and Obama to discuss Russia sanctions in Berlin: sources,"BERLIN (Reuters) - European leaders and President Barack Obama on Friday will discuss extending sanctions imposed on Russia for its intervention in Ukraine, and possible new sanctions for its bombing in Syria, sources familiar with the plans said. The meeting in Berlin, hosted by German Chancellor Angela Merkel and including the leaders of Britain, France, Italy and Spain, comes a little over a week after Donald Trump’s victory in the U.S. presidential election. Trump has indicated that he will seek a rapprochement with Russia, raising doubts in Europe about the future of the sanctions regime introduced by Washington and Brussels in 2014 following Russia’s intervention in eastern Ukraine. A German official said the plan was to agree a rollover of EU sanctions against Russia, which are due to expire at the end of January, in the coming weeks. There is concern that Trump might move in the opposite direction after his inauguration on Jan. 20. European leaders will therefore be seeking clarity from Obama, who met Trump last week and said afterwards the president-elect would maintain core relationships around the world, including with NATO. Obama arrived in Berlin on Wednesday evening after visiting Greece.  “We’re in a really critical situation,” said the German official. “We have to prevent a situation where the EU rolls over the sanctions and then the new U.S. president comes in and lifts them.” Obama and Merkel are expected to hold talks on Thursday followed by a news conference at which they will raise the issue of Syria, a source said. European officials fear that Russia will use the time before Trump’s inauguration to launch new offensives in Syria and Ukraine. Two diplomatic sources said the issue of Syria would also come up at the Friday meeting. “Syria will definitely be on the agenda,” said one, citing coordinated Russian missile strikes against rebels in Syria launched on Tuesday from an aircraft carrier in the Mediterranean. The Kremlin has said it is maintaining a moratorium on air strikes in the city of Aleppo. European Union leaders last month condemned Russia for its bombing of civilians in Aleppo and signaled that they could introduce new sanctions for its actions there if the bombing continued. The Syrian opposition has been pressing Western countries to expand sanctions to include some Russian firms that are supplying weapons and bank notes to Syria. Syrian opposition leaders are due to meet with EU leaders, including EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini, in Brussels on Friday. Another source said European leaders were keen to send a signal to Trump, making it more difficult for him to reverse U.S. policy and cosy up to Russia. ",1
7230,No new U.S. administration is completely prepared: Biden,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - No newly elected administration is totally ready to govern on the first day in office, U.S. Vice President Joe Biden said on Wednesday after a lunch meeting with Vice President-elect Mike Pence. “No administration is ready on day one. We weren’t ready on day one,” Biden told reporters. “But I’m confident on day one everything will be in good hands.” Biden met with Pence and his wife at the vice president’s residence in Washington for about two hours. He said he would be available to assist Pence at any time. ",1
7231,Top U.S. diplomat role an unlikely fit for 'tough guy' Giuliani,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Former New York City Mayor Rudolph Giuliani is now the leading candidate to become President-elect Donald Trump’s secretary of state, but even some Republicans say his tough-guy personality and global business ties may be at odds with international diplomacy. Giuliani, 72, has been one of Trump’s most vocal and high-profile supporters, and according to sources close to him and Trump, he is eager to become the top U.S. diplomat and expects a decision by Trump as early as next week. The other top candidate, the sources said, is former United Nations Ambassador John Bolton, a foreign policy hawk. New York mayor at the time of the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks by al Qaeda militants, Giuliani is also considered a hard-liner on national security matters, but he has little diplomatic experience. Still, some prominent Republicans said he is qualified to take command of U.S. diplomacy at a time of chaos in the Middle East, rising nationalism in much of Europe, and growing challenges from Russia and China. Senator Lindsey Graham, a respected conservative voice on defense and foreign policy who serves on the Senate Armed Services Committee and who made a rather short-lived bid for the 2016 Republican presidential nomination, on Tuesday called Giuliani “competent and capable” of being secretary of state.  “Rudy is an internationally-known figure. He’s a personal friend. He has dealt with the unimaginable, which was 9/11. He’s a loyal supporter of President Trump. He should be rewarded in my view,” Graham told reporters. Giuliani himself extolled his foreign policy credentials in an interview with Fox News Channel’s Sean Hannity on Tuesday.  “I’ve been in 80 countries, 150 different foreign trips,” Giuliani said. “A lot of it for different reasons. Speeches. Security consulting, where I helped bring down crime.” Critics, however, said they are troubled not only by Giuliani’s combative nature and lack of experience, but also by his international business ties and his lucrative speaking engagements for an Iranian exile group that was on the U.S. terrorism list until four years ago. The Trump transition team did not immediately respond to a request for comment on its consideration of Giuliani for secretary of state. After serving as New York mayor for eight years, Giuliani founded management and security consulting firm Giuliani Partners in 2002, which he left in 2007 when he campaigned for the Republican presidential nomination and questions were raised about his foreign business ties.  The firm’s clients have included Colombia and, reportedly, the government of Qatar. Giuliani appears to have resumed work with the firm after his 2007 failed presidential bid, and is listed as chairman and chief executive officer of Giuliani Partners on the Giuliani Security and Safety website. He joined a Texas law firm as a name partner in 2005. The firm did lobbying work for Citgo, a U.S. subsidiary of Venezuela’s state-owned oil company, which at the time was  controlled by President Hugo Chavez, Venezuela’s late socialist ruler. At the time, Giuliani’s office said he was not personally involved in the lobbying and said Giuliani believed that “Chavez is not a friend of the United States.” Giuliani’s dealings in Russia may face scrutiny in Senate confirmation hearings. His ties to TriGlobal Strategic Ventures, a consulting firm that helps Western clients advance their business interests in emerging markets of the former Soviet Union, date back to 2004, when Giuliani visited Moscow to meet Russian businessmen and politicians, according to the company’s website. The consulting firm’s president, Vitaly Pruss, has “created and developed strategies” for companies including Russian oil pipeline monopoly Transneft and has “worked closely” with Giuliani Partners, according to his profile on TriGlobal’s website. State-owned Transneft was among Russian oil companies targeted with sanctions by Western powers following Russia’s annexation of Crimea under President Vladimir Putin. Giuliani also has spoken in support of the People’s Mujahedin Organization of Iran, a group of Islamic leftists who opposed Iran’s late shah, but fell out with the Shi’ite clerics who took power after the 1979 revolution and later aligned itself with Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein. The U.S. government considered it a terrorist organization until 2012. Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky, who also was a contender for the 2016 Republican presidential nomination, told CNN on Tuesday he was worried about Giuliani’s ties to foreign governments.     “Whether or not you have divided loyalties obviously is very important,” Paul said. “I hope Donald Trump will pick somebody consistent with what he said on the campaign trail - Iraq war was a mistake, regime change in the Middle East is a mistake. “You want to have a diplomat in charge of diplomacy,” he said. Critics, however, say the bottom line is that Giuliani is no diplomat, either personally or professionally.    “The challenge for Giuliani if he becomes secretary of state would be to move beyond the tough guy persona he cultivated as prosecutor and mayor and instead stand up for some of the basic principles of human rights, democratic accountability, and the rule of law that enhance rather than shrink America’s influence abroad,” said Ken Roth, executive director of Human Rights Watch, who worked for Giuliani when he was a federal prosecutor between 1983 and 1987. ",1
7232,"Despite Trump, U.S. lawmakers want response to Russia","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Senior Democratic and Republican U.S. lawmakers want Washington to respond to Russia’s alleged interference in the U.S. election and actions in Ukraine and Syria, despite Republican President-elect Donald Trump’s calls to improve relations. Senator Ben Cardin said on Wednesday he was working on what he described as “comprehensive” legislation to respond to Russian actions contrary to U.S. interests in Europe and Syria, as well as cyber attacks blamed on Moscow during the campaign. “Russia presents a very serious challenge for America. They’re not our partner. They’re a bully,” Cardin, the top Democrat on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, told reporters.  “Whether you attack us by MiG (fighter jet) or by mouse, it’s an attack. It requires a response. It’s clear that they were responsible for the cyber attack on our country in this past election,” Cardin said. Other lawmakers have also called for action against Russia as they returned to Washington this week for the first time since Trump won the Nov. 8 U.S. election. On Tuesday, Republican Senator Lindsey Graham, one of his party’s senior foreign policy voices, told reporters he wanted Senate hearings on whether Russian President Vladimir Putin interfered in the election. “We can’t sit on the sidelines,” Graham said.  During the campaign, Trump’s Democratic rival, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, criticized him for praising Putin as a strong leader and saying ties with Russia should be improved at a time when Moscow and Washington are at odds over Syria and Ukraine. Trump also worried U.S. allies with comments questioning NATO’s mutual self-defense pledge and suggesting he might recognize Russia’s 2014 annexation of Ukraine’s Crimea region. Cardin declined to provide specifics about his legislation ahead of a planned speech on Thursday on Russia policy. When asked if it would include additional sanctions, he said, “It will be comprehensive.” He said he thought it would be difficult to pass a bill before the current Congress wraps up next month, but that he hoped to lay the groundwork for future action. Cardin also said he wanted Obama to act before he leaves office on Jan. 20. Congress has already passed legislation giving the president the authority to take actions including imposing additional sanctions or sending more arms to Ukraine. ",1
7233,"No better U.S. ambassador for Prague than Trump's ex-wife, says Czech president","PRAGUE (Reuters) - Czech President Milos Zeman has thrown his support behind a bid by Ivana Trump, the ex-wife of U.S. President-elect Donald Trump, to become the next ambassador to the country of her birth. “They could not send a better U.S. ambassador to Prague,” Zeman told her in a telephone call on Wednesday, the president’s office said in a statement. Ivana Trump told the New York Post last week she would suggest to her ex-husband that she become ambassador to the Czech Republic. The 67-year-old socialite, born in Zlin in what was then Czechoslovakia, told the paper the country was “where I’m from and my language and everybody knows me”. Her suggestion, reported by Czech media over the weekend, has been welcomed by other politicians but most enthusiastically by the president’s office, whose spokesman said on Twitter it was a great choice. It was another sign of a sharp pro-American U-turn by the Czech presidential administration. Zeman was one of the few European politicians who vocally backed Trump in his campaign for the U.S. presidency. After the real estate billionaire won the election in a surprise victory a week ago, Zeman held a rare press briefing in which said he was “very happy” with Trump’s victory and that the two shared opinions on immigration and terrorism. Like Trump, the outspoken Czech president has often railed against “elites” critical of his leadership and has warm views towards Russian leader Vladimir Putin. Unlike Trump, Zeman is very keen on deepening ties with China. Despite his country’s NATO membership, Zeman has often repeated the Russian line on the conflict in Ukraine and was not invited to the White House under President Barack Obama.  He has had an open feud with current U.S. ambassador to Prague, Andrew Schapiro. In 2015, he “closed the door” of Prague Castle to the envoy for a time, after he made comments perceived as critical of the Czech president’s decision to attend a World War Two commemoration in Moscow. The president’s spokesman, Jiri Ovcacek, tweeted last week that “a beautiful gift for my January birthday will be the exit” of the current ambassador. ",1
7234,Trump adviser calls for tax reform as bipartisan 'jobs' bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A co-author of U.S. President-elect Donald Trump’s tax plan called on Congress Wednesday to pursue corporate tax reform as a bipartisan “jobs” bill that could finance a massive new infrastructure program while slashing business tax rates. Stephen Moore, a Heritage Foundation fellow who advised the Trump campaign, said he would recommend that Trump pursue tax reform along two tracks, by focusing on business taxes in his first 150 days and leaving the politically more challenging task of reforming individual taxes for later. Trump and Republicans in Congress are trying to hammer out a legislative agenda on tax reform. Moore, at a forum hosted by Politico, called for a plan that would attract Democratic support, suggesting an outcome that could deviate markedly from the House of Representatives blueprint promoted by Speaker Paul Ryan, a Republican. Trump’s proposal would reduce the official corporate tax rate to 15 percent from 35 percent, allow corporations to repatriate overseas profits at a 10 percent rate and reduce the top individual tax rate to 33 percent from 39.6 percent.   Moore estimated that the cuts would lead to a revenue loss of about $3 trillion over 10 years, for which Trump would compensate with spending cuts. But he said it would broaden the tax base by adding 1 percent of growth to the U.S. economy.   “That’s the plan: try to pass a tax cut ... and then make up the difference by cutting government spending,” he said. But some analysts warn of a bigger toll. The nonpartisan Tax Policy Center forecasts that the Trump plan would cause the federal debt to soar by $7 trillion over its first decade, including added interest costs and macroeconomic effects. Trump and Congress would be able to sell the legislation as a job creation bill by linking corporate tax reform to infrastructure spending, Moore said. The combination would also increase the chances of gaining support from Democrats, who have favored such a link. “I would label this a jobs bill,” Moore said. Moore estimated that taxing repatriated overseas corporate profits could raise $100 billion to $150 billion for infrastructure spending. U.S. corporations are estimated to have $2.6 trillion in profits stashed overseas. He spoke to House Republican whip Steve Scalise and other lawmakers on Tuesday about using reform to fund infrastructure.  “The disagreements, I think, on the Republican side of the aisle, are very easily reconcilable,” he said. ",1
7235,Chicago City Council passes mayor's 2017 budget,"CHICAGO (Reuters) - The Chicago City Council on Wednesday approved Mayor Rahm Emanuel’s fiscal 2017 budget which calls for a tax on plastic bags and the first phase of hiring more than 900 police officers. The council voted 48-0 for the budget which begins on Jan. 1. Emanuel last month unveiled his $9.8 billion all-funds spending plan, which includes $3.7 billion for operations. The budget relies on $82.3 million in revenue growth, savings from efficiencies, and a few one-time measures - but no big tax hike. “To think that we’re on the verge today of passing a budget with almost unanimity is remarkable,” Alderman Ed Burke said just before the vote. Emanuel last year pushed through a $543 million phased-in property tax increase for police and firefighter retirement systems. The city enacted a new tax on water and sewer usage in September to rescue its largest pension fund for municipal workers from insolvency. The council previously increased a telephone surcharge for laborers’ pensions. Credit ratings for the nation’s third-largest city have been deteriorating due largely to an unfunded pension liability that stood at $33.8 billion at the end of fiscal 2015 for Chicago’s four retirement systems.  The new budget includes a 7-cent fee on store bags and parking rate hikes. It also accommodates the initial phase of the mayor’s two-year plan to add 970 police positions to address the city’s sharp spike in violence. “This is the first year in recent memory that we’ve made investments in public safety with the addition of 1,000 police officers,” said Alderman Jason Earvin. “And we can direct investment in some of the most challenged communities ... and with our youth in some of the most troubled parts of the city.” After the vote, Emanuel noted record-high summer job creation for youth, record-high project starts in commercial and residential real estate and the city using reforms to place pensions on the path to solvency. “Chicago’s employment is at a 15-year high that we haven’t seen since 2000 since the tech bubble,” Emanuel said. “What we have done, not just today, but over the last five years is give people confidence in the city that we are going to take care of our business, get our fiscal house in order.” ",1
7236,"In valedictory speech, Obama takes note of values he sought in office","ATHENS (Reuters) - President Barack Obama extolled the strengths of democracy from its Greek birthplace on Wednesday in a valedictory speech aimed at highlighting the values he sought to respect in office and prodding his Republican successor, Donald Trump, to follow suit. On a farewell trip to Europe, Obama tried to reassure allies that core U.S. priorities, including a commitment to the NATO military alliance, would continue under Trump, despite the New York businessman’s campaign trail statements that called that commitment into question. Obama portrayed the United States as an example of democracies prizing the peaceful transfer of power, even when ideas between the incoming and outgoing leaders are opposed. “The next American president and I could not be more different,” he said to an audience in Athens. “We have very different points of view, but American democracy is bigger than any one person.”  Obama took care of some local business in his speech. He urged creditors to help Greece dig out of its mountain of debt and called on young people to stay in the country to spur its economic recovery. But his broader message extended beyond Athens.  Step-by-step, Obama listed the values of U.S. democracy that he and fellow Democrats in the United States have accused Trump of violating during his presidential campaign, an implicit call on his successor to change course. In the same way that democracies are based on the peaceful resolution of disagreements within society, so cooperation is  the best way to resolve conflicts with nations, he said. “That’s how with diplomacy we were able to shut down Iran’s nuclear weapons program without firing a shot (and) with diplomacy the United States opened relations with Cuba,” Obama said, referring to two important milestones of his presidency. He noted how U.S. democracy had evolved to provide rights to women, African Americans, people with disabilities, and the gay community. Trump has been criticized for his attitudes toward women and for making fun of a disabled reporter. He has pledged to ban Muslims temporarily from entering the United States and to deport undocumented immigrants who are living in the country illegally. Democracy is why the United States welcomes “people of all races, and all religions and all backgrounds and immigrants who strive to give their children a better life,” Obama said. “Our democracies show that we are stronger than terrorists, fundamentalists and absolutists, who can’t tolerate difference.  “Democracy is stronger than organizations like ISIS,” he said, using one of the names for Islamic State. “Because our democracies are inclusive, we are able to welcome people, and refugees in need, to our countries. And nowhere have we seen that compassion more evident than here in Greece,” he said, referring to the Greek response to Europe’s migrant crisis. Obama highlighted the importance of a free press to expose injustice. Trump banned certain news outlets from his campaign events for writing stories he did not like. The Obama administration has been criticized for its record on press freedom as well, particularly for prosecuting government sources who leak information to journalists.  In his speech, Obama highlighted the importance of an independent judiciary to uphold the rule of law. During his campaign, Trump accused a U.S. judge of not being able to be impartial because of his Mexican heritage. Obama also noted that elections hold leaders accountable. “Any action by a president or any result of an election or any legislation that is proven flawed can be corrected through the process of democracy,” he said. ",1
7237,Trump infrastructure plan adds little to global copper backdrop,"LONDON (Reuters) - Investors who sent copper to a 17-month peak on hopes for a splurge of U.S. infrastructure spending by Donald Trump may end up underwhelmed given that the plans, even if successful, would add only modestly to world demand.  China dominates the global copper market, accounting for half of all demand, and an uptick in consumption there following further stimulus is much more relevant to the market. That, together with less mine supply than expected, would support slightly firmer prices, but not the wild frenzy that erupted after the U.S. election last week, investors and analysts said. “The infrastructure ambitions of Trump I think are meaningless in terms of the course and direction of commodities,” said Scottish hedge fund manager Hugh Hendry, founder and chief investment officer of Eclectica Asset Management, which has around $200 million under management.  Copper prices soared about 25 percent from the start of the month to a peak of $6,025 a ton last Friday, but have since retreated to $5,466 by Wednesday - still nearly a fifth higher since the start of 2016. Experts brush off the impact on copper of plans by the incoming U.S. president to spend $1 trillion over 10 years on building infrastructure, even as they are more upbeat on the plan’s impact on the U.S. steel sector. Unlike copper, steel prices are set regionally, and an infrastructure spending spree coupled with even stronger trade protectionism would initially be a big boost for the U.S. steel market, even though longer term the fear is that steel price inflation will cripple demand growth. Copper consumption in the United States has slid 40 percent over the past 15 years to 1.8 million tonnes last year, according to the U.S. Geological Survey.  That compares to 10 million in China, Thomson Reuters GFMS data shows. “Even an assumed 10 percent increase in infrastructure-related copper consumption would hardly matter on a global scale,” said analyst Carsten Menke at Julius Baer in Switzerland. “This is not least due to the fact that part of the increase in copper demand would be met by increasing recycling, considering that existing infrastructure would be replaced rather than expanded.” A position paper by Trump's advisors about his infrastructure plans (bit.ly/2eBQB1Y) published before the election did not mention specific projects, but referred to the broad sweep of possibilities including bridges, airports and digital superhighways. “Even if Trump’s infrastructure plan goes ahead, the impact on physical markets is likely to be only modest,” said Robin Bhar, head of metals research at Societe Generale. “If spending goes toward building roads and bridges, this wouldn’t be as beneficial for metals demand as extra spending on sectors such as power, transportation and capital infrastructure projects,” Bhar said in a note. More important is whether stronger demand in China on the back of stimulus earlier this year persists. China’s real estate sector is a prime driver of demand for industrial metals including copper, but investment has slowed and builders started fewer new homes year-on-year in September, the first such decline since December.  “These are lead indicators for copper demand by six to 12 months, but have clearly turned sharply negative,” Liberum analyst Richard Knights said in a note. Hendry, although dismissing the impact of infrastructure spending on commodities, says a wider fiscal stimulus could boost overall economic growth and give the sector a lift. “A trillion plus tax cuts are not (meaningless) and would certainly seem to be the first dramatic and politically supported step,” he told the Reuters Global Investment Outlook Summit. “That’s a world where commodities, you have to imagine, retain their outperformance.” ",1
7238,"After Trump victory, Obama and Merkel stress benefits of EU-U.S. trade deal","BERLIN (Reuters) - German and U.S. employers, workers, consumers and farmers would “without doubt” benefit from a free trade deal being negotiated between the European Union and the United States, U.S. President Barack Obama and German Chancellor Angela Merkel said. Their comments were in sharp contrast to those of U.S. President-elect Donald Trump who made attacks on international trade deals a cornerstone of his election campaign, saying they have cost U.S. jobs.  “An agreement that links our economies more closely and that builds on rules that comply with our shared values would help us to grow over the coming decades and to remain competitive at the global level,” Obama and Merkel wrote in a joint article for German magazine WirtschaftsWoche. Defying Trump’s protectionist rhetoric, Merkel and Obama said the United States and Germany were stronger if they worked together and stressed that cooperation is now more important than ever before because the global economy is developing more rapidly than ever before while global challenges are developing at the same speed. “There will be no return to a world before globalization,” they wrote, according to an advance extract of their article that is due to be published on Friday. The two leaders added that Germans and Americans needed to take the opportunity to shape the way globalization happens according to their own values and ideas. “We owe it to our companies and our citizens - and in fact to the whole international community - to broaden and deepen our cooperation,” Obama and Merkel said. Given that decisions in one country are felt in other countries, it is crucial to have rules like those being negotiated in the EU-U.S. trade deal called the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP), Obama and Merkel said. Merkel was the driving force in Europe behind TTIP, which has been under negotiation for more than three years. Brussels and Washington both realize it will not now be completed under Obama’s term as earlier envisaged. “We’re campaigning for international laws and norms around the world to be respected - as a prerequisite for stability and prosperity,” Obama and Merkel wrote. ",1
7239,"Janus' Gross says Trump will be one-termer, in failure for populism","NEW YORK (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump will last no more than four years in the White House, a period when corporations and Wall Street will retain the upper hand over the struggling workers who helped elect him in a populist wave, bond manager Bill Gross of Janus Capital Group Inc JNS.N said on Wednesday. In his monthly investment outlook, “Populism Takes a Wrong Turn,” Gross also said “there is no new Trump bull market in the offing,” and that global diversified investors should be “satisfied” with 3 percent to 5 percent annual returns. “The Trumpian Fox has entered the Populist Henhouse, not so much by stealth but as a result of Middle America’s misinterpretation of what will make America great again,” Gross wrote. “[Trump’s] tenure will be a short four years but is likely to be a damaging one for jobless and low-wage American voters,” Gross added. “I write in amazed, almost amused bewilderment at what American voters have done to themselves.” Gross became the world’s most famous bond fund manager at Allianz SE’s (ALVG.DE) Pacific Investment Management Co, where he ran Pimco Total Return (PTTRX.O) and worked until 2014, when he joined Janus. He now oversees the $1.7 billion Janus Global Unconstrained Bond Fund (JUCAX.O). In his outlook, Gross said he did not vote for the Republican Trump or Democratic rival Hillary Clinton, and admitted that Clinton probably would not have done much better redistributing wages toward the working class. He said it was “doubtful” that Trump’s plan to repatriate huge corporate profits to the United States for infrastructure spending would succeed, saying that a similar effort in 2004 resulted in large stock buybacks, dividend payouts and corporate bonuses, but no noticeable pickup in investment. Gross said Trump’s policies mark a “continuation of the status quo,” and that government could step in with a “Help America” jobs program to bolster labor in ways that overleveraged, cost-conscious corporations might not. Regardless, Gross said “populism is on the march” and could last for decades unless workers’ share of gross domestic product reverses its downward trend. Trump’s immigration, tax and trade policies might not promote that outcome, he said. “Global populism is the wave of the future, but it has taken a wrong turn in America,” he wrote. “Investors must drive with caution, understanding that higher deficits resulting from lower taxes raise interest rates and inflation, which in turn have the potential to produce lower earnings and P/E (price-earnings) ratios,” Gross added. Gross’ fund through Monday returned 4.5 percent this year, outpacing 68 percent of its peers, according to Morningstar Inc data. Janus last month announced a plan to merge with London-based Henderson Group Plc HGGH.L. ",1
7240,Trump denies trying to get security clearance for his children,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican President-elect Donald Trump said on Wednesday he was not trying to get security clearance for his children, which would allow them access to classified government information.  “I am not trying to get ‘top level security clearance’ for my children. This was a typically false news story,” the New York real estate magnate said in a Twitter post. Trump was referring to media reports that he was seeking security clearance for his three oldest children - Donald Jr., Eric and Ivanka - as well as Ivanka’s husband, Jared Kushner. Trump spokesman Jason Miller said Trump also was not trying to get clearance for Kushner. “No paperwork has been completed or sent,” he said. Clearances for the family members would allow Trump to discuss matters of national security with them. Federal law prohibits him from hiring family members to serve in his administration, but all four played important advisory roles through the campaign. Trump has insisted that to avoid conflicts of interest, his children would run his sprawling business operations once he assumed the presidency. ",1
7241,Trump team weighs 'infrastructure bank' to fund projects: Trump adviser,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump’s transition team is weighing an “infrastructure bank” to make investments in the nation’s infrastructure, Trump adviser Steven Mnuchin told reporters on Wednesday. Mnuchin, a Wall Street veteran under consideration for Trump’s Treasury secretary, said the team was focused on  “taxes... regulatory changes, looking at the creation of an infrastructure bank to fund infrastructure investments.”  “I’d say the economic priorities are clearly taxes, regulatory, trade, infrastructure,” he added. ",1
7242,U.S. panel urges probe on whether China weakening U.S. militarily,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. advisory commission warned on Wednesday that China’s growing military might may make it more likely to use force to pursue its interests and called for a government probe into how far outsourcing to China has weakened the U.S. defense industry. The annual report of the U.S.-China Economic and Security Review Commission pointed to a growing threat to U.S. national security from Chinese spying, including infiltration of U.S. organizations, and called on Congress to bar Chinese state enterprises from acquiring control of U.S. firms. The release of the report to Congress comes a week after Donald Trump won the U.S. presidential election. Trump, an outspoken Republican who has vowed to take a tougher line in trade and security dealings with China than President Barack Obama, will take office on Jan. 20. The panel is a bipartisan body set up in 2000 to monitor the national security implications of the U.S. trade and economic relationship with China and to make recommendations to Congress for legislative and administrative action. Its report also called on Congress to back more frequent U.S. Navy freedom-of-navigation operations in the South China Sea, one of the world’s busiest trade routes where China’s building of artificial islands with military facilities has raised concerns about future freedom of movement. Beijing and its neighbors have conflicting territorial claims there. The commission said ongoing reforms of the People’s Liberation Army would strengthen Beijing’s hand and noted that China was close to completing its first domestically produced aircraft carrier. “China’s pursuit of expeditionary capabilities, coupled with the aggressive trends that have been displayed in both the East and South China Seas, are compounding existing concerns about China’s rise among U.S. allies and partners in the greater Asia,” the report said. “Given its enhanced strategic lift capability, strengthened employment of special operations forces, increasing capabilities of surface vessels and aircraft, and more frequent and sophisticated experience operating abroad, China may also be more inclined to use force to protect its interests,” it said. The panel said that U.S. responses to the threat from Chinese intelligence gathering had suffered from a lack of a coordinated effort by U.S. intelligence agencies. It said Congress should also direct the U.S. Government Accountability Office to prepare a report “examining the extent to which large-scale outsourcing of manufacturing activities to China is leading to the hollowing out of the U.S. defense industrial base.” “This report should also detail the national security implications of a diminished domestic industrial base (including assessing any impact on U.S. military readiness), compromised U.S. military supply chains, and reduced capability to manufacture state-of-the-art military systems and equipment,” it said. The commission’s report also recommended that Congress call on the U.S. State Department to produce educational materials to alert U.S. citizens overseas and students going to China to the dangers of recruitment efforts by Chinese agents. ",1
7243,A post-Trump SEC could shake up current policy,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - It will be a new day at the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission after President-elect Donald Trump installs his choice to run the agency. With Trump’s transition team already in regulatory-relief mode and promising to revamp the Dodd-Frank financial reform legislation, some rules already are marked for death or dialback. Expected on the chopping block soon after Trump takes the oath of office is a proposal that would require companies to disclose pay ratios between their CEOs and employees. Another would require companies to disclose whether their products contain conflict minerals — minerals that were mined in a war-torn region of Africa. Dead for now is any prospect of the SEC approving a tough fiduciary rule for financial advisers, say policy experts. Trump’s decision to tap former Republican SEC Commissioner Paul Atkins to help manage the Trump team’s transition efforts at the SEC and other financial agencies offers a window into some other changes that could be in store. Atkins, the founder of the regulatory consulting firm Patomak Global Partners, is viewed by some to be a top contender for the position of SEC chairman itself, though as the transition head he could also recommend someone else for that job.   Atkins’ well-known conservative views on everything from enforcement penalties to corporate governance are likely to be reflected in the SEC’s agenda. Here are five policy areas likely to change. Paul Atkins was a staunch critic of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB), a body created after the Enron accounting scandal to police and write new rules for corporate auditors. Atkins raised concerns about the board’s budget and high salaries, and advocated against prescriptive accounting rules that he felt constrained auditors from making professional judgments. Recently, Republicans have criticized the PCAOB for taking on more progressive causes, such as proposing companies rotate auditors to reduce conflicts or requiring accounting firms to disclose the name of individual partners working on company audits. The PCAOB’s chairman Jim Doty, who advocated for the controversial reform measures, will almost certainly not be re-appointed by the incoming SEC chair. “I expect that a new Chair will refocus the Board’s standard-setting agenda on the core audit function,” said Hunton & Williams Partner Scott Kimpel. “I would expect a return to the basics.” The topic of whether to impose corporate penalties against a company would come under scrutiny. During his time at the SEC, Atkins advocated for an enforcement approach that he said did not unduly punish corporate shareholders that had already suffered from the misconduct. He called for the SEC to carefully weigh who had profited from the bad behavior, and urged the SEC to hold individuals accountable for their actions. Atkins has long opined that the SEC’s rules requiring “best price” execution of stock trades actually skews the market by causing fragmentation and harming price discovery by directing orders away from traditional stock exchanges into “dark pool” trading platforms. As a commissioner, Paul Atkins was critical of the rule called Regulation National Market System (NMS), saying it could impede true price discovery and encourage gaming of the system. In January 2016 he wrote an opinion piece in the Wall Street Journal calling for the SEC to do major surgery on the rule, allowing considerations beyond ‘best price’ and speed to determine order flow. The Dodd-Frank law gave the SEC newfound powers to reward whistleblowers who come forward with tips of corporate malfeasance. From August 2011 through fiscal year 2015, the SEC has received more than 14,000 tips, and by August of 2016, the program had given out more than $100 million in rewards. But corporate America has long disliked the part of the rule that protects whistleblowers from having to report wrongdoing to their own companies before they tip off the government. In 2011, Atkins urged the SEC to require whistleblowers to report internally first, saying a failure to do so could undermine compliance programs. Whether this will change remains to be seen, especially in the wake of the Wells Fargo & Co scandal, where employees who reported internally about the opening of unauthorized accounts were fired. Atkins “cares deeply about the commission and its enforcement program,” said Jordan Thomas, a whistleblower attorney at Labaton Sucharow who previously worked in the SEC’s enforcement division during Atkins’ tenure. “I find it very hard to believe that he would support undermining such a successful program.” Atkins was a strong proponent of the 2012 Jump Start Our Business Startups Act, which scaled back some SEC rules to help smaller companies raise capital. In testimony on Capitol Hill, Atkins advocated for additional steps to be taken to help smaller companies, including rules to help create venture exchanges for mid-cap stocks and broadening efforts to exempt private capital-raising rules from regulation by states. ",1
7244,"Obama, on last trip to Europe, warns against nationalism, populism","ATHENS (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama, stung by the surprise victory of Donald Trump in last week’s U.S. election, warned on Tuesday against a rise in nationalism and said a backlash against globalization had stoked populist movements at home and abroad. Obama said distrust of elites and governing institutions had  fed success in the U.S. election for Senator Bernie Sanders, who challenged Hillary Clinton in a drawn-out Democratic primary contest, and for Trump, a former reality TV star who bested the former secretary of state in the U.S. presidential race. “When you see a Donald Trump and a Bernie Sanders, very unconventional candidates, have considerable success, then obviously there is something there that’s being tapped into: a suspicion of globalization, a desire to rein in its excesses,” Obama said in Greece at the start of a farewell tour of Europe. Though he rejected a direct comparison between the U.S. election and Britain’s “Brexit” referendum in June to leave the European Union, Obama said the common theme of antipathy to globalization was at play, spurring populist movements on the left and right in Europe. Trump garnered support on the back of promises to build a wall on the U.S. border with Mexico, ban Muslims temporarily from entering the United States and rip up trade deals that he said had hurt American workers. Obama, who campaigned vigorously for Clinton, opposed those positions and is fighting now to keep his legacy accomplishments on healthcare, climate change, and nuclear diplomacy alive in the face of Trump’s promises to dismantle them.  Since the election, however, Obama has promised to ensure a smooth and peaceful transition of power, largely backing off his criticism that Trump is unfit to serve as U.S. commander-in-chief. While reiterating that commitment about a transition on Tuesday, Obama seemed to renew his criticism of some of Trump’s electoral tactics with a warning about divisions worldwide. “I do believe, separate and apart from any particular election or movement, that we are going to have to guard against a rise in a crude sort of nationalism or ethnic identity or tribalism that is built around an ‘us’ and a ‘them,’” he said. “I will never apologize for saying that the future of humanity and the future of the world is going to be defined by what we have in common as opposed to those things that separate us,” he said. Unity in Europe in the aftermath of World War Two has created five decades of unprecedented peace and prosperity, he said. “In the United States, we know what happens when we start dividing ourselves along lines of race or religion or ethnicity. It’s dangerous,” he said. ",1
7245,"House reauthorizes Iran sanctions bill, sets Syria sanctions","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. lawmakers passed bills on Tuesday renewing sanctions on Iran for 10 years and imposing new sanctions on Syria, underscoring their determination to play a strong role in Middle East policy no matter who occupies the White House. The House of Representatives voted 419 to one for a 10-year reauthorization of the Iran Sanctions Act, or ISA, a law first adopted in 1996 to punish investments in Iran’s energy industry and deter Iran’s pursuit of nuclear weapons. The House also passed by voice vote a bill that would sanction the government of Syria, and supporters including Russia and Iran, for war crimes and crimes against humanity. The Iran measure will expire at the end of 2016 if it is not renewed. It must still be passed by the Senate and signed by President Barack Obama in order to become law. The Obama administration and other world powers reached an agreement last year in which Tehran agreed to curb its nuclear program in exchange for sanctions relief. But lawmakers said they wanted the ISA to stay in effect to send a strong message that the United States will respond to provocations by Iran and give any U.S. president the ability to quickly reinstate sanctions if Tehran violated the nuclear agreement. “Even after a hard-fought election here at home and power changing hands, American leadership on the global stage won’t falter,” said Representative Eliot Engel, the top Democrat on the House Foreign Affairs Committee, a bill sponsor. Republican Representative Ed Royce, chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee, the bill’s lead sponsor, called the ISA “a critical tool.” “Its expiration would compound the damage done by the president’s dangerous nuclear deal and send a message that the United States will no longer oppose the destructive role of Iran in the Middle East,” said Royce. The vote took place one week after Republican Donald Trump was elected U.S. president. Congressional Republicans unanimously opposed the nuclear deal, along with about two dozen Democrats, and Trump has also strongly criticized it. Lawmakers from both parties said they hoped bipartisan support for a tough line against Iran would continue under the new president. There was no immediate word from Senate leaders on when the ISA and the Syria measure might be taken up in that chamber. Many Senate Democrats favor a “clean” renewal of the ISA, like the one that passed in the House. But other lawmakers have pushed to add new sanctions such as some specifically targeting Iran’s ballistic missile tests. ",1
7246,Trump transition clears first paperwork hurdle: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House said it received a signed memorandum of understanding from Vice President-elect Mike Pence on Tuesday evening, an initial step in being able to provide more detailed briefing materials to the incoming administration. “The next step is for the President-elect’s transition team to provide us with the names of the individuals they have authorized to represent their transition effort across the government,” said Brandi Hoffine a White House spokeswoman. ",1
7247,"Trump shuffles transition team, eyes loyalists for Cabinet","NEW YORK/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump shuffled his transition team again on Tuesday, jettisoning a national security expert and lobbyists from his inner circle as he closed in on naming two loyal Wall Street backers to key economic positions. Trump, a Republican outsider who won a surprise election victory last week, also cleared a paperwork snag that had temporarily stalled his transition after he put his Vice President-elect Mike Pence in charge of the process. “Very organized process taking place as I decide on Cabinet and many other positions,” Trump said on Twitter after taking his family to dinner at 21 Club, a Manhattan restaurant, his motorcade slipping away from reporters gathered at his apartment building. “I am the only one who knows who the finalists are!” Trump said. At the top of his list for senior economic positions are  campaign finance chair and Wall Street veteran Steve Mnuchin as treasury secretary, and long-time backer and billionaire investor Wilbur Ross for commerce secretary, according to Trump ally and activist investor Carl Icahn. However, a well-known Republican moderate was pushed out of transition planning. Mike Rogers, a former U.S. representative from Michigan who had been mentioned as a possible pick for CIA director, suddenly left the transition team. Rogers had worked with New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, who on Friday was abruptly replaced by Pence as head of the transition team. That overhaul had put the brakes on transition talks with the White House. Pence needed to sign a memorandum of understanding, which the White House received on Tuesday evening. The Trump team still needs to provide more paperwork before detailed agency-by-agency briefings can take place, a White House spokeswoman said. The team will need to provide a code of conduct and certify that its transition team members do not have conflicts of interest. Additional changes are likely. Pence and Rick Dearborn, the executive director of the transition team, are “removing any lobbyists,” a transition aide said.  “This is to ensure President-elect Trump’s commitment to ban lobbyist involvement is being upheld at all levels of the transition,” the aide said. Trump, who had pilloried opponents for being beholden to industry interests during his campaign, came under fire from his frequent sparring partner, Democratic Senator Elizabeth Warren, for including lobbyists on his transition team. “Based on public reports, your transition team and your potential cabinet include over twenty Wall Street elites, industry insiders, and lobbyists making decisions that could have huge implications for their clients or employers,” Warren wrote in a letter. Trump has fewer than 70 days until his Jan. 20 inauguration  to settle on Cabinet members and other senior appointees. He will eventually need to fill roughly 4,000 open positions. Wall Street is closely watching who Trump picks for treasury chief because Republicans have majorities in both chambers of Congress, giving Trump a clearer shot at tax and financial regulatory reforms. Mnuchin declined to comment to reporters at Trump Tower about Cabinet picks, but said the team was “making sure we get the biggest tax bill passed, the biggest tax changes since Reagan.” A parade of advisers had been seen going in and out of Trump’s building on Tuesday, including U.S. Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama, touted as a possible secretary of defense or attorney general. U.S. Senator Ted Cruz of Texas, who ran against Trump for the Republican presidential nomination, also dropped by for a meeting, telling reporters he was “looking forward to fighting hard to actually accomplish and deliver the promises we made” during the election. Bloomberg later reported that Trump was considering nominating Cruz as attorney general. Rogers was pushed off the team in part because Trump’s advisers believed he did not pursue Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton aggressively enough when he headed the House of Representatives Intelligence Committee, a source familiar with the decision said. Rogers led an investigation into the Sept. 11, 2012, attacks by militants on U.S. facilities in Benghazi, Libya. The probe dismissed many of the conspiracy theories that had been circulated by critics of Clinton, who was then secretary of state. Trump’s team viewed the investigation as a whitewash, according to one source familiar with the operation. Some current U.S. intelligence officials worried that Rogers’ departure would mean Trump was leaning toward more confrontational hardliners to lead his foreign policy team. Two national security officials said Trump’s operation had been slow to get up to speed and had not yet engaged deeply with security and intelligence agency personnel who were ready to start helping them. Loyalists such as former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani and former U.N. Ambassador John Bolton were being considered for secretary of state, according to sources close to Trump. Giuliani, New York’s mayor at the time of the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks by Islamist al Qaeda militants, is known as a hardliner on national security matters. Bolton is also a foreign policy hawk who said last year the United States should bomb Iran to halt its nuclear program. Retired Lieutenant General Mike Flynn, a leading candidate for Trump’s national security adviser, has called for the United States to pull back from protecting long-time allies such as South Korea and Japan. Trump has filled two positions so far. His choice of Republican Party insider Reince Priebus to be White House chief of staff was heralded by Republican leaders as an indication he wanted to work with Congress. Republicans maintained their majority in both the Senate and House in the election, but a number of Republicans in Congress opposed Trump’s candidacy. However, Trump’s appointment of Steve Bannon as chief strategist was criticized by Democrats, civil rights organizations and some Republicans. They denounced the former Breitbart News chief, whose website is a forum for the “alt-right,” a loose grouping of neo-Nazis, white supremacists and anti-Semites.  Neither Priebus nor Bannon need Senate confirmation for their posts, but Cabinet posts do, and some of Trump’s possible picks could face a difficult time winning approval.  Republican U.S. Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky said on CNN he could not vote to confirm Bolton unless he repudiated his support for the Iraq war and bombing of Iran. Paul, who also ran for the 2016 Republican presidential nomination, said he was concerned by Giuliani’s work on behalf of foreign governments. One loyalist who will not be playing a role in Trump’s Cabinet is retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson, who advised Trump after dropping his own presidential bid earlier this year. “His life has not prepared him to be a Cabinet secretary,” said Armstrong Williams, Carson’s business manager. ",1
7248,Factbox: Short list of potential Trump administration picks,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump has announced the two top White House advisers but still has many key administration positions to fill ahead of his inauguration on Jan. 20. Trump announced on Sunday he will hire Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus as White House chief of staff and named Stephen Bannon, former head of the conservative website Breitbart News, as his chief strategist and senior counselor. Below are people mentioned as contenders for senior roles. Leading the list: * Steven Mnuchin, former Goldman Sachs Group Inc executive and Trump’s campaign finance chairman Under consideration: * Jeb Hensarling, Texas representative and chairman of the House Financial Services Committee * Jamie Dimon, JPMorgan Chase & Co chief executive officer * Tom Barrack, founder and chairman of Colony Capital Inc * Rudy Giuliani, former mayor of New York City * John Bolton, former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations under President George W. Bush * Bob Corker, Tennessee senator and chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee * Newt Gingrich, former U.S. House Speaker * Zalmay Khalilzad, former U.S. ambassador to Iraq * Lieutenant General Michael Flynn, former director of the Defense Intelligence Agency  * Jeff Sessions, senator from Alabama and early Trump supporter, member of the Senate Armed Services Committee * Stephen Hadley, former national security adviser under President George W. Bush * Jon Kyl, former senator from Arizona * Duncan Hunter, representative from California and early Trump supporter, member of House Armed Services Committee * Jim Talent, former senator from Missouri who was on the Senate Armed Services Committee  * Kelly Ayotte, outgoing senator from New Hampshire and member of the Senate Armed Services Committee * Rudy Giuliani * Jeff Sessions, senior member of the Senate Judiciary Committee who takes a hard line on immigration * Kris Kobach, Kansas Secretary of State, who advises Trump on immigration issues * Pam Bondi, Florida Attorney General  * Trey Gowdy, representative from South Carolina who headed the House committee that investigated the 2012 attacks on the U.S. mission in Benghazi, Libya * Chris Christie, New Jersey governor * Newt Gingrich * Tom Price, representative from Georgia who is an orthopedic surgeon * Rich Bagger, former pharmaceutical executive and former top aide to New Jersey Governor Chris Christie * Bobby Jindal, former Louisiana governor * Michael McCaul, representative from Texas and chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee * David Clarke, Milwaukee county sheriff and vocal Trump supporter  * Joe Arpaio, outgoing Maricopa County, Arizona, sheriff who campaigned for Trump  * Jeff Holmstead, energy lawyer, former EPA official during George W. Bush administration * Mike Catanzaro, energy lobbyist, former EPA official during George W. Bush administration * Robert Grady, venture capitalist, partner in private equity firm Gryphon Investors  * Leslie Rutledge, Arkansas attorney general * Carol Comer, commissioner of the Indiana Department of Environmental Management * Harold Hamm, Oklahoma oil and gas mogul, CEO of Continental Resources Inc * U.S. Representative Kevin Cramer of North Dakota * Robert Grady * Larry Nichols, co-founder of Devon Energy Corp * James Connaughton, CEO of Nautilus Data Technologies and a former environmental adviser to President George W. Bush * Sarah Palin, former Alaska governor who ran for vice president in 2008 * Jan Brewer, former Arizona governor * Forrest Lucas, founder of oil products company Lucas Oil * Harold Hamm * Robert Grady * Wilbur Ross, billionaire investor, chairman of Invesco Ltd subsidiary WL Ross & Co * Linda McMahon, former world Wrestling Entertainment executive and two-time Senate candidate * Lieutenant General Ronald Burgess, former Defense Intelligence Agency chief  * Robert Cardillo, director of the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency * Pete Hoekstra, former representative from Michigan * Lieutenant General Michael Flynn * Pete Hoekstra * Lieutenant General Michael Flynn * Stephen Hadley * Kelly Ayotte * Richard Grenell, former spokesman for the United States at the United Nations  * Peter King, representative from New York * Dan DiMicco, former chief executive of steel producer Nucor Corp * Jeff Miller, retiring representative from Florida and chairman of the Veterans Affairs committee ",1
7249,"Immigration hardliner says Trump team preparing plans for wall, mulling Muslim registry"," NEW YORK/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - An architect of anti-immigration efforts who says he is advising President-elect Donald Trump said the new administration could push ahead rapidly on construction of a U.S.-Mexico border wall without seeking immediate congressional approval.  Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach, who helped write tough immigration laws in Arizona and elsewhere, said in an interview that Trump’s policy advisers had also discussed drafting a proposal for his consideration to reinstate a registry for immigrants from Muslim countries.  Kobach, who media reports say is a key member of Trump’s transition team, said he had participated in regular conference calls with about a dozen Trump immigration advisers for the past two to three months.  Trump’s transition team did not respond to requests for confirmation of Kobach’s role. The president-elect has not committed to following any specific recommendations from advisory groups.  Trump, who scored an upset victory last week over Democrat Hillary Clinton, made building a wall on the U.S.-Mexico border a central issue of his campaign and has pledged to step up immigration enforcement against the country’s 11 million undocumented immigrants. He has also said he supports “extreme vetting” of Muslims entering the United States as a national security measure.  Kobach told Reuters last Friday that the immigration group had discussed drafting executive orders for the president-elect’s review “so that Trump and the Department of Homeland Security hit the ground running.”  To implement Trump’s call for “extreme vetting” of some Muslim immigrants, Kobach said the immigration policy group could recommend the reinstatement of a national registry of immigrants and visitors who enter the United States on visas from countries where extremist organizations are active.  Kobach helped design the program, known as the National Security Entry-Exit Registration System, while serving in Republican President George W. Bush’s Department of Justice after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks on the United States by al Qaeda militants.  Under NSEERS, people from countries deemed “higher risk” were required to undergo interrogations and fingerprinting on entering the United States. Some non-citizen male U.S. residents over the age of 16 from countries with active militant threats were required to register in person at government offices and periodically check in.  NSEERS was abandoned in 2011 after it was deemed redundant by the Department of Homeland Security and criticized by civil rights groups for unfairly targeting immigrants from Muslim- majority nations.  Kobach said the immigration advisers were also looking at how the Homeland Security Department could move rapidly on border wall construction without approval from Congress by reappropriating existing funds in the current budget. He acknowledged “that future fiscal years will require additional appropriations.”  Congress, which is controlled by Trump’s fellow Republicans, could object to redirecting DHS funds designated for other purposes.  Kobach has worked with allies across the United States on drafting laws and pursuing legal actions to crack down on illegal immigration.  In 2010, he helped draft an Arizona law that required state and local officials to check the immigration status of individuals stopped by police. Parts of the law, which was fiercely opposed by Hispanic and civil rights groups, were struck down by the U.S. Supreme Court in 2011.  Kobach was also the architect of a 2013 Kansas law requiring voters to provide proof-of-citizenship documents, such as birth certificates or U.S. passports, when registering for the first time. A U.S. appeals court blocked that law after challenges from civil rights groups.  Kobach said in the interview he believed that illegal immigrants in some cases should be deported before a conviction if they have been charged with a violent crime. Trump said in an interview on CBS’ “60 Minutes” that aired on Sunday that once he took office, he would remove immigrants with criminal records who are in the country illegally.  Kobach said the immigration group had also discussed ways of overturning President Barack Obama’s 2012 executive action that has granted temporary deportation relief and work permits to more than 700,000 undocumented people or “dreamers” who came to the United States as children of illegal immigrants.  ",1
7250,Son-in-law Kushner poised to wield clout in Trump presidency,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - After winning a primary election that effectively clinched the Republican presidential nomination, Donald Trump paused to laud a boyish-looking 35-year-old who ultimately proved to be an indispensable figure on the path to the White House. “Honestly, Jared is a very successful real estate person. But I actually think he likes politics more than he likes real estate,” Trump said of his son-in-law Jared Kushner, standing to his right during a victory speech after the Indiana party primary election in May. “But he’s very good at politics.” Kushner, the slender, clean-cut New Jersey real estate scion who married Trump’s daughter Ivanka in 2009, helped guide the Republican Trump to victory last week over Democrat Hillary Clinton and is poised to remain an influential adviser during his presidency. Kushner emerged as an important voice early in Trump’s campaign, launched in June 2015. He was involved in almost every aspect of Trump’s campaign, offering advice on key personnel decisions, strategy, speeches, fundraising and other areas. Late in the campaign, he began laying the groundwork for a possible Trump-run television network, in the event his father-in-law lost, according to a person familiar with the matter. Kushner spearheads his family’s real estate development company, Kushner Companies, and is the publisher of the New York Observer weekly newspaper, which he acquired at age 25. While a federal anti-nepotism law prohibits a president from hiring family members to serve in his administration, Kushner is set to remain a key insider and trusted confidant. Reince Priebus, appointed Trump’s White House chief of staff on Sunday, told NBC’s “Today” show on Monday that Kushner “obviously” will be very involved in decision-making. Kushner serves on Trump’s transition executive committee. Kushner is a Harvard graduate with a New York University law degree and a master’s in business administration. Like Trump, Kushner followed in the footsteps of a real estate powerhouse father. His father, Charles Kushner, is a real estate developer, philanthropist and major Democratic donor whose reputation was left in tatters after a lurid criminal case. He was sentenced to two years in prison after pleading guilty in 2004 to 18 counts of tax evasion, witness tampering and making unlawful campaign donations. During the case, he admitted to smearing his brother-in-law, who had cooperated with prosecutors, by hiring a prostitute to have sex with him in a motel room, then sending a secretly recorded video of the encounter to the man’s wife, Charles Kushner’s own sister. In an unusual twist, the man who prosecuted Charles Kushner was Chris Christie, now the governor of New Jersey, who also has served as an adviser to Trump. Kushner is an Orthodox Jew whose wife, Ivanka, converted to Judaism before they married. The family keeps kosher, observes the Sabbath and attends an upscale synagogue on New York’s Upper East Side. ANTI-SEMITISM CONTROVERSY Steve Bannon, former head of the right-wing Breitbart News website, took a leadership post in the campaign in August after it became clear that Trump, his children and Kushner trusted his advice and analysis, a source said at the time. Breitbart News is closely associated with the “alt-right” movement, a loose online group of white supremacists, anti-Semites and others opposed to multiculturalism. Trump, who takes office on Jan. 20, named Bannon as chief strategist and senior counselor on Sunday. Dana Schwartz, a Jewish reporter for Kushner’s newspaper, in July criticized Trump for his Twitter post accusing Clinton of corruption using a Star of David image and a background of $100 bills. Schwartz then wrote an open letter to Kushner after being deluged with anti-Semitic tweets. Schwartz asked Kushner, “how do you allow this? Because, Mr. Kushner, you are allowing this. ... When you stand silent and smiling in the background, his Jewish son-in-law, you’re giving his most hateful supporters tacit approval.” Kushner responded by writing in the Observer, “In my opinion, accusations like ‘racist’ and ‘anti-Semite’ are being thrown around with a carelessness that risks rendering these words meaningless.” He went on to write that his grandmother and grandfather survived the Nazi Holocaust while other relatives did not. “I know the difference between actual, dangerous intolerance versus these labels that get tossed around in an effort to score political points,” Kushner wrote. Kushner became a major player in real estate in his mid-20s, after his father’s conviction. At 26, he orchestrated what was the most-expensive single-building purchase in U.S. history in 2006 with the $1.8 billion acquisition of a 41-story skyscraper at 666 Fifth Avenue in Manhattan. Kushner told The Real Deal trade magazine afterward, “In New York, you have to act quickly, or else you get left in the dust.” ",1
7251,Bannon role in Trump administration sets off critical firestorm,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - White supremacists and neo-Nazis have rarely, if ever, in recent history been so enthusiastic about a presidential appointment as Donald Trump’s choice of Steve Bannon to be his chief White House strategist. Before he took over as chief executive of Trump’s campaign in August and led it to victory last week, Bannon headed Breitbart News, a website and voice for the alt-right movement, a loose right-wing confederation that includes hardcore nationalists, neo-Nazis, white supremacists and anti-Semites. Five days after Trump defeated Democrat Hillary Clinton, Trump rewarded Bannon, 62, a former Goldman Sachs banker and a Navy veteran, by appointing him senior counselor and chief strategist - jobs not subject to U.S. Senate confirmation.  Democrats, rights activists and minority groups were outraged and said Trump, himself accused of racism and misogyny during the campaign, had just flung open the White House doors to hatemongers. Many urged him to reconsider. “Bringing Steve Bannon into the White House is an alarming signal that President-elect Trump remains committed to the hateful and divisive vision that defined his campaign,” House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi said in a statement on Monday. “There must be no sugar-coating the reality that a white nationalist has been named chief strategist for the Trump administration,” Pelosi said. The Southern Poverty Law Center, the Anti-Defamation League and the Council on American–Islamic Relations (CAIR) also denounced Bannon. Bannon, who grew up in a Democratic family, has a reputation of trying to tear down a Republican Party establishment that he deemed too soft and too entrenched. As a senior adviser to the Republican Trump, Bannon will be expected by far-right groups to champion their views and make sure that Trump, who takes office on Jan. 20, keeps such campaign promises as building a wall on the southern U.S. border, cracking down on Muslims entering the country and restricting the influx of Syrian war refugees. “Perhaps ‘The Donald’ is for real,” Rocky Suhayda, chairman of the American Nazi Party, told CNN. David Duke, a longtime leader of Ku Klux Klan movements, and Richard Spencer, a white nationalist who runs the National Policy Institute, were among the leading alt-right figures to praise Bannon’s appointment. In remarks published in the New York Times on Tuesday, Bannon ascribed his interest in populism and American nationalism to a desire to curb what he views as the corrosive effects of globalization. He rejected what he called the “ethno-nationalist” tendencies of some in the movement. “It’s not that some people on the margins, as in any movement, aren’t bad guys - racists, anti-Semites. But that’s irrelevant,” he told the Times. Political commentator Armstrong Willliams, a close associate of former Republican presidential candidate Ben Carson, said Bannon was “one of the finest and most honorable people I’ve ever met” and not bigoted in any way.  The Trump campaign had been struggling to manage Trump’s unconventional candidacy when Bannon took over. He stayed behind the scenes and devised the strategy for the final days of the campaign that kept Trump on message and enabled him to upset Clinton in crucial states such as Michigan. It was Bannon and Jared Kushner, Trump’s son-in-law, who invited three women who accused Bill Clinton of sexual assault to attend a presidential debate in hopes of unnerving Hillary Clinton. Bannon, looking typically unkempt with mussed hair and stubbly chin, grinned from the back of the room as Trump and the women held their pre-debate news conference. “Bannon is a legitimately sinister figure,” Ben Shapiro, who had been editor-in-chief of Breitbart under Bannon, wrote in August on the dailywire.com conservative news website which he founded.  “He is a vindictive, nasty figure ... He will attempt to ruin anyone who impedes his unending ambition and he will use anyone bigger than he is - for example, Donald Trump - to get where he wants to go,” Shapiro wrote. ANTI-SEMITISM ACCUSATIONS While Bannon was at Breitbart, it had stories with headlines such as “Birth control makes women unattractive and crazy,” “Political correctness protects Muslim rape culture” and “Hoist it high and proud: The Confederate flag proclaims a glorious heritage.” The site’s pro-Trump agenda featured speculative stories questioning Hillary Clinton’s health and accusing her close aide Huma Abedin of being a Saudi spy. Bannon was charged with domestic violence and battery in 1996 after his then-wife, Mary Louise Piccard, said he grabbed her by the throat and arm during an argument. The case was dropped when she did not appear in court. In 2007 Piccard said in court documents Bannon did not like the school the girls attended because it had too many “whiny brat” Jewish students. Bannon had a varied and profitable career before joining Breitbart. He earned degrees from Virginia Tech, Georgetown University and Harvard Business School and served four years in the Navy. It was his Navy experience, he said, that led him to shed his family’s Democratic allegiance and become an admirer of Republican Ronald Reagan. He was at Goldman Sachs before starting his own investment firm, which specialized in media. Through negotiating a studio sale, he obtained a stake in the royalties for the popular television show “Seinfeld,” a money-making powerhouse in syndication. He was an executive producer of the feature movies “Titus” and “The Indian Runner” before producing, directing or writing conservative-oriented documentaries such as “Clinton Cash” about the Clinton Foundation, “Generation Zero” about the global economic crisis of 2008-2009 and “The Undefeated” on former vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin. ",1
7252,U.S. says war crimes probe of U.S. forces in Afghanistan unwarranted,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - An International Criminal Court investigation of possible war crimes by U.S. forces in Afghanistan is not “warranted or appropriate,” the U.S. State Department said on Tuesday after prosecutors in The Hague found initial grounds for such a probe. State Department spokeswoman Elizabeth Trudeau said the United States was not a party to the Rome Statute that created the International Criminal Court in The Hague and had not consented to ICC jurisdiction. She also said Washington had a robust justice system able to deal with such complaints. “The United States is deeply committed to complying with the law of war,” Trudeau told reporters at a news briefing. “We do not believe that an ICC examination or investigation with respect to actions of U.S. personnel in relation to the situation in Afghanistan is warranted or appropriate.” Her comments came a day after prosecutors at the International Criminal Court said in a report that there was a “reasonable basis to believe” that U.S. forces had tortured at least 61 prisoners in Afghanistan and another 27 at CIA detention facilities elsewhere in 2003 and 2004. The prosecutors’ office, headed by Prosecutor Fatou Bensouda, said it would decide imminently whether to pursue a  full investigation. The results could lead to charges being brought against individuals and the issuing of arrest warrants. The United States occupied Afghanistan in 2001 as it went after al Qaeda leaders behind the Sept. 11 attacks on New York and Washington. Crimes also may have been committed at U.S. Central Intelligence Agency facilities in Poland, Lithuania and Romania, where some people captured in Afghanistan were taken, prosecutors said. The U.S. Justice Department between 2009 and 2012 investigated CIA mistreatment of detainees, including a full criminal investigation into two deaths in U.S. custody, but ultimately decided against prosecuting anyone. Some U.S. military personnel have been prosecuted for murder and other crimes in Afghanistan.  The ICC was established in 1998 to prosecute war crimes and crimes against humanity. Trudeau noted the United States has “engaged with the ICC and we’ve supported ICC investigations and prosecution of cases that we believe advance our values in accordance with U.S. law.” But she said the U.S. military was held to “the highest possible standards” and the United States had systems of accountability capable of dealing with war crimes allegations. “We do an extraordinary job of investigating ... credible allegations, holding ourselves accountable, holding our personnel accountable and closing investigations in a manner that serves justice,” she said. ",1
7253,Little-known Republican becomes Trump liaison in Congress,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Paul Ryan, the top Republican in the U.S. Congress, says he talks to Donald Trump often, but the president-elect has tapped a little-known lawmaker from western New York to be his eyes and ears among congressional Republicans. In the latest example of how much Trump values personal loyalty, the billionaire businessman has effectively designated Representative Chris Collins to be the White House transition team’s congressional liaison.  Collins, 66, has been in Congress less than four years. He has no House leadership role. He chairs no committees. He was previously county executive for Erie County, New York. But Collins was the first lawmaker on Capitol Hill to endorse Trump’s presidential bid. He co-chaired Trump’s U.S. House Leadership Committee during the campaign. Collins said Ryan, the speaker of the House of Representatives, announced the news about his role to fellow Republicans at a Tuesday caucus meeting. Ryan’s office had no immediate comment. Collins said he suggested the role to Trump the day after the Nov. 8 elections. “I said I’m going to stay in Congress. But I think I can be a bit of a liaison, if you will, of members, kind of making sure the administration knows exactly what’s going on,” he told reporters. Trump later mentioned the idea to Ryan, who asked Collins to do the job, according to Collins. Collins seconded Ryan’s renomination to the speakership on Tuesday, calling the gesture “a sign of Trump’s support for Mr. Ryan”. Analysts called the move unusual. “A new president generally relies on the leadership,” said Norman Ornstein of the American Enterprise Institute. “But it’s not a role with a great deal of power and it’s not the same as being a conduit once Trump is president and working on policy.”   Collins’ official role is to serve as a conduit to the transition team for lawmakers who want to convey concerns or ideas for legislation and staffing. An aide said Collins has not participated in legislative discussions between House and Senate Republican leaders and the Trump team. Ryan told reporters on Tuesday that he and Trump are “on the same page, we’re working hand in glove.”  But the two have not always seen eye to eye. Ryan was slow to endorse Trump for president and once described his comments about a judge of Mexican heritage as “the textbook definition of racism”. Trump has slammed Ryan as “a very weak and ineffective leader.” ",1
7254,"Greek police, protesters clash in Athens during Obama visit","ATHENS (Reuters) - Riot police fired teargas on Tuesday at protesters demonstrating just a few kilometers (miles) from the presidential mansion where Greek leaders were hosting a state banquet for visiting U.S. President Barack Obama. About 7,000 people, among them many hooded protesters and members of the Communist-affiliated group PAME, marched through the streets of central Athens holding banners reading “Unwanted!”  The police clashed with the protesters after they tried to  break through cordon lines to reach the parliament building and the U.S. embassy. Some demonstrators threw two petrol bombs at police before dispersing into nearby streets close to Athens’s main Syntagma Square.  In a separate protest in the northern city of Thessaloniki, protesters burned a U.S. flag.  The visit comes only two days before the anniversary of a bloody 1973 student revolt that helped topple the 1967-1974 military junta which was backed by the U.S. government.  Obama, who will be succeeded in January by Donald Trump, arrived in Greece on Tuesday on his last foreign tour as president of the United States.  ",1
7255,House Speaker Paul Ryan renominated to top House post,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives nominated Speaker Paul Ryan on Tuesday for re-election to his post next year, as lawmakers giddy with election success smoothed over their differences and pledged to unite behind Republican President-elect Donald Trump. Ryan, who faced no challengers from Republican ranks, was nominated in a unanimous voice vote in a closed-door meeting of all Republican lawmakers in the House. He will face an election in January, when all members of the new House, both majority Republicans and minority Democrats, vote on a new speaker. While January’s outcome is not guaranteed, Republicans who had been feuding with each other and Trump before the election said Tuesday they thought Ryan was in a solid position to be re-elected speaker now that intra-party tensions have dramatically lessened with the Republican election victory. “Politics is politics, but this is as unified as I’ve ever seen it,” said New York Republican Representative Peter King, who has been in Congress since 1993. Republicans kept their majorities in both the House and Senate in the Nov. 8 elections in which voters elected Trump to the White House over Democrat Hillary Clinton. Ryan, 46, had criticized Trump numerous times during the campaign, which angered some of Trump’s supporters in the Republican caucus. Had Trump lost the election, these Republicans and some conservatives who already had doubts about Ryan might have sought to blame him and block his re-election. But lawmakers said Trump’s election, along with a stronger-than-expected performance at the polls by House Republicans, changed the outlook. “To suggest that President-elect Trump’s victory didn’t weigh as a factor in terms of the speaker’s race would be disingenuous” said Representative Mark Meadows, a member of the conservative Freedom Caucus. However, one conservative lawmaker, Representative Raul Labrador, continued to express skepticism about Ryan ahead of Tuesday’s vote, and said he would not consider Tuesday’s outcome binding on his vote in January. “I haven’t heard from him what he wants to change — what’s going to be different the next two years than the last two years?” Labrador asked reporters. Ryan, for his part, said House Republicans would be working “hand in glove” with Trump. “We’re going to do everything we can to help him be as successful as he can,” Ryan told reporters ahead of Tuesday’s vote. Republicans also re-elected three other lawmakers to leadership positions: House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, House Republican Whip Steve Scalise, and the chairwoman of the Republican conference, Cathy McMorris Rodgers. ",1
7256,Republicans to U.S. securities regulator: Leave new rules to Trump,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican lawmakers told the top U.S. securities regulator on Tuesday they are concerned her agency will rush out new rules in the final weeks that President Barack Obama, a Democrat, holds the Oval Office. The chair of the House Financial Services Committee, Jeb Hensarling, who has been mentioned as a possible Treasury secretary under Republican President-elect Donald Trump, said “whenever there is a transfer of power from one presidential administration to another, there is a temptation for federal agencies to rush pending rulemakings to completion, as a way of cementing the policy priorities of the outgoing administration.” “I would strongly urge you to respect the results of last week’s election and resist the temptation to finalize any regulations, including Dodd-Frank ... regulations,” added Hensarling during a hearing on the Securities and Exchange Commission. SEC Chair Mary Jo White was the hearing’s sole witness. On Monday she announced she will leave her post when Obama’s term ends in January, a decision made before Trump’s stunning election win. She told the committee firmly there would be no surprise rulemakings or ramming pending rules through to completion.  “I don’t see any last-minute rushes. I do intend to carry out the agenda I outlined in February 2016 as much as I can,” she said. “I don’t think any rulemaking benefits from it being rushed. It’s hard to do it right,” she also said.  Nonetheless, White would not commit when asked about a proposed multi-agency rule for clawing back compensation from executives who have committed wrongdoing. The SEC and fellow major financial regulators must approve the rule for it to become final, and the lawmakers pressed White to not bring it up for a commission vote while she is still chair.  White said she could not predict what will happen in the next 2-1/2 months, or what will be included in the final draft of the rule. To continue carrying out its agenda announced earlier this year, the SEC will focus on capital segregation rules, an outstanding derivatives rule, and a staff recommendation on mutual fund disclosure, White said. The 2010 Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform law is considered one of Obama’s signature domestic achievements, and federal agencies have furiously put in place new regulations and systems to carry out its many moving parts. Trump has said he would repeal parts of the law, and he is expected to use legislation Hensarling drafted as a blueprint for his plans. Only half a dozen Democrats attended Tuesday’s hearing, primarily asking about corporate board diversity and the Wells Fargo ghost account scandal, or blasting Trump. White, an independent, has been criticized by both parties. Democrat Senator Elizabeth Warren recently called on Obama to fire her, and progressives say she slowed down implementing Dodd-Frank.  White said the SEC has completed 80 percent of the rulemakings required by Dodd-Frank. She added that she would not want to see parts of the law, including the Volcker rule restricting banks from making speculative investments, rescinded in the future. ",1
7257,Trump eyeing Mnuchin and Ross for economy jobs: Icahn,"NEW YORK/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Longtime Donald Trump supporter and activist investor Carl Icahn confirmed on Tuesday that the president-elect is looking at Wall Street veteran Steven Mnuchin as his choice for treasury secretary and billionaire Wilbur Ross for commerce secretary.  “Spoke to @realDonaldTrump. Steve Mnuchin and Wilbur Ross are being considered for Treasury and Commerce. Both would be great choices,” Icahn wrote on Twitter.  Icahn, a close ally of Trump who was often praised by the Republican during the presidential campaign for his business acumen, also tweeted that both Mnuchin and Ross were friends and “two of the smartest people I know.” Mnuchin, a former Goldman Sachs partner and Trump’s campaign finance manager, has been considered a front-runner for the Treasury post for much of the past week since Trump’s stunning election victory. Mnuchin’s inclusion in Trump’s campaign team was questioned at the time by Stephen Bannon, now Trump’s chief White House strategist. In an interview on Breitbart News, Bannon asked Trump whether the then presidential candidate was “selling out to Wall Street”.  The list to head the Treasury Department has also included JPMorgan Chase chief executive Jamie Dimon and Republican Representative Jeb Hensarling, chairman of the powerful House Financial Services Committee. Hensarling has said he would prefer to focus on a revamp of financial regulation, while Dimon, a lifelong Democrat, has denied interest in the job in the past.         Ross, a billionaire investor, is a part of Trump’s economic advisory team. Calls to Ross were not immediately returned. Mnuchin walked through the Trump Tower lobby in Manhattan on Tuesday morning. He would not comment on personnel decisions but said the Trump team is “making sure we get the biggest tax bill passed, the biggest tax changes since Reagan. So a lot of exciting things in the first 100 days of the Trump presidency.” With Republicans retaining majorities in Congress, Trump will have a clearer shot at enacting major tax cut and reform legislation and rolling back the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial regulation law passed in the wake of the financial crisis. The new treasury secretary would play a key role in crafting such legislation, as well as managing potential new debt issuance of as much as $1 trillion if Congress agrees to Trump’s proposed infrastructure spending program. With such high stakes, Wall Street is more focused on the selection of the next treasury chief than it was during President Barack Obama’s choices for the post. “This time will be different,” Gregory Peters, senior investment officer at Prudential Fixed Income, said Tuesday at the Reuters Global Investment Outlook Summit in New York. “That role takes on greater importance.”     Unlike current Secretary Jacob Lew, who is viewed investors to have taken a lower profile focused largely on international issues over the past year, the next Treasury secretary is expected to be a featured player in articulating and executing the Trump administration’s new economic policies and initiatives.     A figure such as Mnuchin, with Wall Street experience, might be seen as better equipped to manage the relationship between Treasury and the banks that facilitate U.S. debt issuance.  The last Wall Street insider to serve in the post was Henry Paulson, the former Goldman Sachs CEO appointed by George W. Bush and whose term was dominated by the bank bailouts of the 2008 financial crisis. Mnuchin, whose father was also a Goldman Sachs partner,  worked at the investment bank for nearly two decades starting in the mid-1980s, a time when Wall Street was developing major financial innovations including new securitization techniques and collateralized debt obligations — instruments that would later contribute to the financial crisis. In 2009, he led a group of investors that purchased the assets of failed California-based mortgage lender IndyMac, for $1.55 billion that included a loss-sharing deal with the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. After rehabilitating the operation and rebranding it as OneWest Bank, they sold it in 2014 for $3.4 billion to CIT Group Inc for $3.4 billion. ",1
7258,"Exclusive: Billionaire green activist Steyer vows to battle Trump, says money not an issue","BOSTON (Reuters) - Billionaire environmental activist Tom Steyer, who has spent more than $140 million on fighting climate change, said on Tuesday he will spend whatever it takes to fight President-elect Donald Trump’s pro-drilling and anti-regulation agenda. The former hedge fund manager from California is putting together a strategy that will “engage voters and citizens to fight back” once Trump takes the White House in January, he told Reuters in an interview. However, he stressed he was not planning to fight Trump through the courts. Instead, he would focus on “trying to present an opposite point of view and trying to get that point of view expressed, and communicated to citizens.” Steyer’s pledge to fight Trump suggests an intensifying battle for U.S. public opinion on global climate change, an issue that has already divided many Americans, lawmakers, and companies between those who consider it a major global threat and those who doubt its existence. Other U.S. environmental groups are also preparing to resist Trump’s agenda, with some vowing street protests and more established organizations that helped draft some of President Barack Obama’s environmental regulations preparing to defend them in court. “We have always been willing to do whatever is necessary,” Steyer said, when asked how much money he was willing to spend to oppose Trump’s agenda. Trump campaigned on a promise to drastically reduce environmental regulation and ease permitting for infrastructure, moves he said would breathe life into an oil and gas industry ailing from low prices, without harming U.S. air and water quality.  He has also called climate change a hoax and has promised to “cancel” the Paris Climate Accord between nearly 200 nations to slow global warming, a deal he said would cost the U.S. economy trillions of dollars and put it at a disadvantage. While the approach has cheered the industry, it has sent shockwaves through the environmental movement, which is confronting the prospect of losing all progress it made during the Obama administration. Steyer, who had endorsed Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, called Trump’s policies dangerous. “Every single one of these things, whether it was getting rid of Paris or cutting back the EPA, we think are extremely dangerous to the security of every American,” Steyer said. “We think it is based on willful ignorance of the facts and flies in the face of the realities facing the world.” Steyer’s main political vehicle, NextGen Climate, on Tuesday called on the Obama administration to defy Trump’s pro-drilling agenda by issuing an order permanently blocking all new drilling in the Atlantic and Arctic Oceans. The White House did not immediately respond to a request for comment.  Trump has also promised to ask Canadian oil pipeline company, TransCanada Corp, to resubmit its application to build a pipeline into the United States that would link Alberta’s vast oil sands to American refineries and ports on the Gulf Coast. The project, Keystone XL, had been rejected by the Obama administration after years of mass protests and lobbying by environmental organizations. Steyer said the project may no longer make sense since a slump in oil prices has reduced the profitability of oil sands production. Steyer, who four years ago left the hedge fund firm he co-founded to devote himself full-time to environmental activism, said young voter turnout in areas where NextGen focused its mobilization efforts during the 2016 campaign was up more than 20 percent from the last presidential election in 2012. “Did we get the president we want, absolutely not. Did we get a majority of clean energy supporters in the senate, no,” Steyer said. “But in terms of what we did, and the strategy we took, we wouldn’t do anything differently.”  NextGen poured nearly $69 million into its elections related programs during the presidential campaign, according to federal records compiled by OpenSecrets.org, slightly lower than the $74 million it spent during the mid-term congressional elections in 2014, when only two of the six candidates it supported won.  ",1
7259,Trump could return Iraq war boosters to power," (Corrects this Nov. 14 to clarify details of Bolton’s recess appointment, paragraph 8.) By Warren Strobel and John Walcott WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Despite his professed opposition to the 2003 U.S. invasion of Iraq, President-elect Donald Trump is considering several of the major advocates of that war for top national security posts in his administration, according to Republican officials. Among those who could find places on Trump’s team are former top State Department official John Bolton and ex-CIA Director James Woolsey. Both men championed the Iraq invasion, which many analysts have called one of the major U.S. foreign policy debacles of modern times. Also involved in transition planning for Trump’s presidency is Frederick Fleitz, a top aide to Bolton who earlier worked at the CIA unit that validated much of the flawed intelligence on Iraq’s weapons of mass destruction programs. Although it is impossible to predict how a Trump foreign policy might evolve, one U.S. official who has served in Iraq said advocates of the 2003 invasion might be more inclined to commit additional U.S. forces to the fight against Islamic State there, despite the absence of a status of forces agreement that protects Americans from Iraqi legal action. Paul Pillar, the top U.S. intelligence official for the Near East from 2000 to 2005, said that because Trump had little foreign policy experience and had given conflicting accounts of what policies he would pursue, the Republican president-elect’s senior personnel appointments would be crucial. “What we’re seeing going on - and we should be worried about it - is a new president who on so many foreign policy issues has been all over the map,” said Pillar, now at Georgetown University. “Thus, the senior appointments game that we go through every four years has more consequences than it usually does.”   Bolton, who is under consideration as Trump’s secretary of state, the officials said, and Woolsey, reported to be in the running for U.S. director of national intelligence, did not respond to requests for comment. The Trump transition team also did not immediately respond when asked for comment.Even if Bolton is nominated, Senate confirmation is not a foregone conclusion. In 2005, Senate Democrats - with the support of a single Republican – blocked a vote to confirm him as U.S. ambassador to the United Nations. He was appointed to that post by Republican President George W. Bush while the Senate was in recess. Fleitz, in a brief phone conversation, confirmed he was involved in Trump’s transition effort, but declined further comment.  A return to power for the three officials would represent a change of fortune for them and other “neoconservatives” who provided the intellectual backing for the invasion of Iraq. During the presidential campaign, some leading neoconservatives and Republican foreign policy veterans opposed Trump, saying he was unfit to lead. The group saw its clout wane in Bush’s second term, as U.S. troops in Iraq found themselves mired in a sectarian civil war, and has watched from the sidelines during Democratic President Barack Obama’s eight years in power. Trump, who takes office on Jan. 20, has said he opposed the invasion of Iraq, in which more than 4,000 U.S. troops and hundreds of thousands of Iraqis died, and which led to the creation of al Qaeda in Iraq, the forerunner to the violent, ultra-hardline Islamic State group. Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein’s weapons of mass destruction and ties to al Qaeda, used to justify the invasion, proved to be nonexistent.  “As you know, for years I’ve been saying: ‘Don’t go into Iraq.’ They went into Iraq. They destabilized the Middle East. It was a big mistake,” Trump said in August 2015 on NBC’s “Meet the Press” program. His account that he always opposed the war was challenged during the campaign by Democratic rival Hillary Clinton, who cited a 2002 interview Trump gave to radio host Howard Stern in which he replied: “Yeah I guess so” when asked if he supported invading Iraq. Consideration of Bolton, Woolsey and others is “another demonstration of how those who supported one of the biggest mistakes in American foreign policy have not been - they don’t seem to be sufficiently discredited to be removed from the Washington foreign policy dialogue,” Pillar said. ",1
7260,New Yorkers build walls of sticky notes in defiance of Trump,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - This is not the kind of wall Donald Trump was talking about. In the liberal stronghold of New York City, residents distraught over the incoming Republican administration were finding solace a week after the U.S. presidential election by placing handwritten, anonymous notes on the walls of a busy subway station. On Tuesday, many notes offered support to immigrants or mocked Trump’s promise to build a wall along the United States-Mexico border and have Mexico pay for it. “A better wall,” read one sticky note. “This is the wall that love can build,” read another.  Titled “Subway Therapy,” the installation lining the underground walls beneath Manhattan’s Union Square was the idea of artist Matthew “Levee” Chavez. “The last couple days have been stressful and I wanted to provide people with an opportunity to engage in a small and easy way,” he wrote in the magazine Quartz. Anyone can post a note, and more than 10,000 people have, Chavez wrote on Instagram.  Democrat Hillary Clinton bested Trump 79 percent to 18 percent in New York City.  Writers of the sticky notes took varied approaches. Some pledged political action, saying “Vote in 2018” and “I will do my part to change this!” A blue sticky note quotes novelist Zadie Smith on the subject of despair, and a pink one quotes Jesus’ Sermon on the Mount: “Blessed are the meek, for they shall inherit the earth.” New York’s Democratic governor, Andrew Cuomo, struck a pro-immigrant message, posting a note with lines from the Emma Lazarus poem that appear on the Statue of Liberty: “Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to be free... I lift my lamp beside the golden door.” The defiant stance expressed in the notes is the right message for New Yorkers to send, said waitress Caitlin Cherry, 28, as she paused to look at them. “I’m happy that people who are visiting can see that not all Americans want this,” she said. In a separate sign of protest, three apartment buildings on Manhattan’s Upper West Side are dropping the name Trump Place and will be known by their addresses, the trade publication Real Deal reported, citing an email to tenants from landlord Equity Residential. Some tenants had circulated a petition requesting the change.      ",1
7261,House Democrats mull Pelosi leadership future,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi agreed on Tuesday to postpone the party’s leadership elections until Nov. 30 amid discontent among some rank-and-file Democrats over her leadership style, according to sources familiar with closed-door discussions. Democrats in the House of Representatives now are scheduled to vote on Nov. 30 on whether to renew Pelosi’s long-held position as Democratic leader for another two years. Other Democratic house leadership jobs also will be up for a vote. No other Democrat has come forward to challenge Pelosi, although at least one is weighing what likely would be an uphill bid to dethrone the liberal California Democrat. House Democrats gathered behind closed doors to assess what went wrong in the Nov. 8 elections that swept Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump into power and allowed Republicans to retain their majorities in both houses, although slightly smaller ones than in the past two years. One senior House Democratic aide described Tuesday’s meeting as being unusually contentious as members grappled with how the Democratic Party should rebuild following last week’s election losses, with some wanting new blood in leadership. “After every single election cycle, she (Pelosi) says things are going to change” in how she interacts with the caucus, the aide said characterizing lawmakers’ concerns. “But then, she doesn’t do anything different. It’s the same inside circle” surrounding her. Democratic aides and a lawmaker said Pelosi made the announcement on the new date for party elections “after protracted discussion” in the meeting. The elections had been expected to take place on Thursday in preparation for Congress convening on Jan. 3. “We’ve been through hell,” Pelosi told lawmakers, according to a Democratic aide who was in the room but spoke on condition of anonymity. “And it’s only going to get worse as he (Trump) makes his appointments and we have this fight. But we have to see it as an opportunity.” Pelosi, who has been the House Democrats’ leader for 14 years and speaker of the House part of that time, said she did not care when the election was. “I do care that we have the strongest possible leadership at the table, whoever that may be,” she said. Representative Seth Moulton and other Democrats dismayed by the national election results had urged Pelosi to postpone the leadership vote. “As we begin the 115th Congress, House Democrats must take the time to reflect on the message the American people sent us last Tuesday,” Moulton said in a statement after the caucus. “Delaying the vote on leadership positions is the necessary first step to have that conversation,” he said. “The American people cried out last week and we’ve got to listen.” Representative Tim Ryan, 43, is weighing a run against Pelosi, 76, Ryan’s spokesman Michael Zetts said on Monday. “He is concerned that if changes aren’t made we will be in the political wilderness for many years to come,” Zetts said.   Ryan has been in the House since 2003. A Democratic lawmaker who declined to be named said Ryan would represent a new generation. “I think a lot of us feel the landscape has changed,” he said. “We need people who can learn new tricks and not do things the way they have been done that last 20 or 30 years.” But Representative Steve Israel, a member of House Democratic leadership and who is retiring from Congress at year’s end, said: “There is nobody who could have led House Democrats who would have had a different outcome” in last week’s presidential and congressional elections. “This was not about Nancy Pelosi,” Israel told MSNBC. “This was about a national Democratic strategy and message that simply did not tap into the unprecedented anxieties of middle-class voters.” ",1
7262,Mexico president to show 'pragmatism' dealing with Trump,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexico will need to show “enormous pragmatism” in its dealings with Donald Trump’s government, President Enrique Pena Nieto said on Tuesday, as his administration prepares to seek common ground on trade and immigration issues. Mexico is on tenterhooks awaiting the accession of Trump to the U.S. presidency because of his repeated threats on the campaign trail to impose tariffs on Mexican-made goods and seal the country off behind a massive border wall. Acknowledging that Trump’s victory had generated some uncertainty, Pena Nieto reiterated his government would pursue dialogue with the next U.S. government to reach agreements. “We’ll have to work with enormous pragmatism to agree what’s useful and convenient for Mexico and for the whole of North America,” he told a business summit in the central city of Puebla, Mexican headquarters of German carmaker Volkswagen (VOWG_p.DE). The Mexican president added that his government was committed to providing macroeconomic stability for investors, listing a flexible exchange rate, central bank independence and a solid banking system among the key planks of his pledge. Concern has been widespread among business leaders and officials in Mexico that Trump could follow through on threats to abandon the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) if he cannot renegotiate it in the United States’ interests. Struck between the United States, Mexico and Canada, NAFTA took effect in 1994 and has been the cornerstone of Mexican international trade policy. Mexico sends four-fifths of its goods exports to the United States. Still, Mexican Economy Minister Ildefonso Guajardo believes Trump will not back out of NAFTA, and has said Mexico could add new chapters to the deal to update it. ",1
7263,Texas eyes 'women's privacy act' that critics say targets transgender people,"AUSTIN, Texas (Reuters) - Texas plans to introduce a measure next year aimed at protecting women in bathrooms and locker rooms, a move that has raised concerns of activists who say the legislation is really an attempt to discriminate against transgender people. The office of Lieutenant Governor Dan Patrick said on Tuesday that a state senator will file the so-called “Women’s Privacy Act” for consideration in the session that starts in January. Patrick’s office did not have any details of the bill, but the Republican lieutenant governor has been a supporter of only allowing access to facilities such as bathrooms based on gender at birth rather than the gender with which a person identifies. North Carolina in March became the first state to enact a law that restricts bathroom access for transgender people. The law prompted a federal civil rights lawsuit and has been blamed for hundreds of millions of dollars in economic losses and the relocation of major sporting events from the state. Patrick, one of the most powerful forces in the Texas legislature and a supporter of President-elect Donald Trump, called the measure in Texas one of his top priorities. “Starting in 2017, we will have a friend in the White House who was clearly elected because the people of this country believe in the conservative principles that have guided the way we govern in Texas,” Patrick said in a statement on Monday. Patrick has been an opponent of policies under President Barack Obama administration’s allowing transgender students to use the bathrooms of their choice, saying the guidelines represented federal overreach and could allow for sexual predators to attack women. Lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender advocacy groups say the current White House policies protect transgender students from discrimination and dismiss the safety concerns as rubbish. “It is a total misnomer because the legislation has nothing to do protecting women’s privacy,” said Chuck Smith, executive director of Equality Texas, a leading LGBT civil rights group in the state. “The purpose of the legislation is to allow discrimination against transgender children and adults.” Texas business leaders, a base of support for the Republican party, in October warned lawmakers in the Republican-dominated statehouse that measures targeting the LGBT community would hurt the state’s $1.8 trillion-a-year economy and make it difficult for employers to attract talent for crucial industries. ",1
7264,Georgia congressman being eyed for top Trump health post: Politico,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican Representative Tom Price of Georgia is under consideration to be secretary of health and human services during a Trump administration, Politico reported on Tuesday, citing unnamed sources. Price, the chairman of the House Budget Committee, had endorsed Donald Trump’s candidacy in May. The congressman has been a leading voice among Republicans pushing to repeal President Barack Obama’s signature healthcare law. ",1
7265,Thousands donate to Planned Parenthood in name of anti-abortion U.S. vice president-elect,"NEW YORK (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Thousands of people have made donations to Planned Parenthood in the name of Vice President-elect Mike Pence, an abortion opponent, so that he will receive official acknowledgements from the women’s health care provider, the group said on Tuesday. The idea of making donations in Pence’s name arose and spread on social media as a protest after Republican Donald Trump won his bid for the U.S. presidency in a surprise victory last week. Both Trump and Pence, his running mate, have pledged to curtail women’s rights to abortion. Trump said the U.S. Supreme Court ruling Roe v Wade legalizing abortion should be overturned and that he would appoint an anti-abortion justice to the nation’s highest court.  Trump also said women who had abortions should be punished but later said it was doctors who perform abortions who should be punished. Pence, whose home state of Indiana has restrictive laws regulating access to abortion, has pushed for Congress to defund the nonprofit Planned Parenthood, which performs some abortions. A number of celebrities have publicized the donation campaign in Pence’s name with posts on social media, including Emmy Award-winning comedian Amy Schumer and actresses Ashley Hinshaw, Jaime Perry and Amber Tamblyn. They said their donations to Planned Parenthood included the address of Pence’s office in Indiana so it would get the acknowledgement that Planned Parenthood mails to donors. At least 20,000 people who have donated money since the U.S. election on Nov. 8 named Pence as donor, out of 160,000 people overall, a Planned Parenthood spokesman told the Thomson Reuters Foundation. Planned Parenthood has reported a surge in donations and demand for long-acting contraceptives since Trump’s election. Pence signed a law this year that would have banned abortions due to genetic abnormality, criminalized collection of fetal tissue for research, required fetal tissue be buried or cremated and made women look at their fetal ultrasounds before getting an abortion. A federal judge blocked the law in June. Pence’s office did not respond to a request for comment. Planned Parenthood, which has more than 650 health centers nationwide, relies on public funding for about 40 percent of its funding. Private donations comprise about one quarter of its revenue, it said in its 2016 annual report. ",1
7266,"Obama administration completes rule to curb methane from federal oil, gas production","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Interior Department finalized rules on Tuesday aimed at preventing methane leaks from oil and gas production on federal and tribal lands, one of the last major Obama administration rules aimed at fighting climate change. Interior’s Bureau of Land Management (BLM) said on Tuesday the rule, updating 30-year-old regulations that govern flaring, venting and natural gas leaks from oil and gas production, could avoid wasting up to 41 billion cubic feet (BCF) of natural gas per year.  “This rule to prevent waste of our nation’s natural gas supplies is good government, plain and simple,” said Interior Secretary Sally Jewell.  “We are proving that we can cut harmful methane emissions that contribute to climate change, while putting in place standards that make good economic sense for the nation.” Environmental groups praised the rule, but industry and some western states called it unnecessary. One industry group sued BLM. The incoming Trump administration has promised to cut what it calls superfluous restrictions on energy production. An Interior Department fact sheet said that between 2009 and 2015, oil and gas producers vented, flared and leaked 462 BCF of natural gas on federal and Indian lands, wasting as much as $23 million annually in royalty revenue. Venting and leaks during oil and gas operations cause major emissions of methane, a greenhouse gas at least 25 times more potent than carbon dioxide. The rule would phase in a limit on flaring over several years affecting 16 percent of oil wells, which account for 87 percent of gas flared, the BLM said. Oil and gas operators can comply by expanding gas-capture technology or connecting wells to existing infrastructure through gathering lines. Operators would have to use technology such as infrared cameras to detect methane leaks, invisible to the naked eye. BLM could also set and adjust royalty rates for oil and gas drilled on federal land to at or above 12.5 percent. Currently BLM has no discretion to raise the rate. “Today’s announcement is a win for Western taxpayers.  For too long, big oil companies have wasted natural gas that belongs to all Americans with no accountability,” said Chris Saeger, Director of NGO Western Values Project. “BLM is right to address methane waste from existing oil and gas facilities; these actions build on important state and federal progress already underway,” said Fred Krupp, president of the Environmental Defense Fund. Moments after the rule’s release, the Western Energy Alliance and Independent Petroleum Association of America filed a lawsuit against the BLM in a Wyoming court. ",1
7267,North Korea does not care who is president of United States,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - North Korea does not care who is president of the United States, a senior Pyongyang-based diplomat said during a visit to the United Nations on Tuesday following the election of Donald Trump to succeed President Barack Obama. Kim Yong Ho, director of human rights and humanitarian issues, spoke to reporters after a U.N. General Assembly committee approved a draft resolution condemning “widespread and gross violations of human rights” in the Asian state. “We do not care about whoever becomes the president of the United States,” Kim said. “The fundamental issue here is whether or not the United States has the political will to withdraw its hostile policy toward the DPRK (North Korea).” North Korea regularly accuses the United States and South Korea of preparing for war by holding annual joint military exercises. The United States and South Korea also plan to deploy the U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defence (THAAD) system in the South to counter missile and nuclear threats from the North. Trump said in May he was willing to talk to North Korean leader Kim Jong Un to try to stop Pyongyang’s nuclear program, proposing a major shift in U.S. policy toward the isolated nation. However, ahead of the Nov. 8 election, an adviser to Trump said last month he could not foresee any circumstances in the short or medium term in which the Republican nominee would meet the leader of North Korea if he became president. North Korea has been under U.N. sanctions since 2006. In March, the Security Council tightened sanctions to further isolate the impoverished country after its fourth nuclear test in January and a long-range rocket launch in February. Since North Korea’s fifth and largest nuclear test more than two months ago, the United States and China, a close ally of North Korea, have been negotiating a new draft Security Council resolution to punish Pyongyang. ",1
7268,"Trump, Pence meeting in New York on Cabinet picks","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump planned to meet with Vice President-elect Mike Pence in New York on Tuesday to discuss key appointments as moderate Republican Mike Rogers was jettisoned from the transition team. The departure of Rogers, a former congressman who was chairman of the House of Representatives intelligence committee, indicated Trump may be leaning away from some establishment figures as Pence takes over the transition team. “Our work will provide a strong foundation for the new transition team leadership as they move into the post-election phase, which naturally is incorporating the campaign team in New York who drove President-elect Trump to an incredible victory last Tuesday,” Rogers said in a statement.  Rogers, who worked on the transition team led by New Jersey Governor Chris Christie for six months, said he would continue to advise Trump. Pence took over the transition leadership from Christie last week.  Trump and Pence will be “reviewing a number of names for key jobs” during the meeting at Trump Tower in New York as lists for the leadership positions begin to narrow, Trump spokesman Jason Miller said. “If the vice president-elect is getting together with the president-elect to discuss names, then I would say that it’s serious, obviously,” he said on Monday. Trump, a businessman who has never held public office, and the Pence-led transition team are working on picking members of his Cabinet and the heads of federal agencies. Tuesday’s meeting comes as former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani, a longtime Trump friend and supporter, emerged as a leading candidate to be U.S. secretary of state. “Well, that’s possible,” Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway teased on Fox News on Tuesday, when asked about the Giuliani report. John Bolton, who served as U.S. ambassador to the United Nations under President George W. Bush, was also under consideration for the high-profile job, a source familiar with the situation told Reuters on Monday. Giuliani became one of Trump’s closest advisers during the campaign, functioning as a vocal defender on cable news programs and introducing him at many rallies. Giuliani has also been mentioned as a possible attorney general or homeland security secretary. Trump’s choice of Republican Party insider Reince Priebus to be White House chief of staff was heralded as an indication he wants to work with members of Congress, where a number of Republicans had opposed his candidacy.   However, Trump’s appointment of Steve Bannon as chief strategist was roundly criticized by members of both parties who denounced the former Breitbart News chief as having made the website a forum for the “alt-right,” a confederation of neo-Nazis, white supremacists and anti-Semites. Bannon has been calling Republicans in Congress to build relationships with lawmakers after years of thumbing his nose at establishment figures in the party, according to website Politico.  People who received the calls, which included rank-and-file members as well as leaders, said the main message was that the Trump administration expects a very close relationship with Capitol Hill Republicans, Politico reported. ",1
7269,Republican Ben Carson opts against job in Trump Cabinet,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson, a former 2016 Republican presidential candidate who is an adviser to President-elect Donald Trump, has opted against accepting a Cabinet position in the Trump administration, his spokesman said on Tuesday. Carson, a popular writer and speaker in conservative circles, has been a close adviser to Trump and is a vice chairman of Trump’s transition team. He has been mentioned as a possible secretary of health and human services or education. Carson’s business manager, Armstrong Williams, said Carson has made clear he has no experience in running a federal bureaucracy. “Dr. Carson doesn’t feel like that’s the best way for him to serve the president-elect,” Williams told Reuters. He said Carson would remain a close adviser of Trump and a friend. “His life has not prepared him to be a Cabinet secretary,” Williams said.     ",1
7270,Giuliani is a leading candidate to be Trump's secretary of state: source,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani has emerged as a leading candidate to be U.S. secretary of state for President-elect Donald Trump, a source familiar with the situation said on Monday. The source said John Bolton, who served as U.S. ambassador to the United Nations under President George W. Bush, was also under consideration to head the State Department. Giuliani, 72, was one of Trump’s most vocal and high-profile supporters on the campaign trail, introducing him frequently at rallies with slashing attacks against Democrat Hillary Clinton. He was New York’s mayor during the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks and led the city during the crisis after the destruction of the World Trade Center twin towers, working closely with then-President George W. Bush. Giuliani was an early supporter of Trump, has been his  friend for many years, and defended him vigorously through the various controversies that ensnared the New York businessman. His rhetoric was notable for repeatedly accusing Clinton of having violated laws through her handling of classified information on a private email server while she was secretary of state from 2009 to 2013. “If Rudy wants it, he’ll get it,” former House of Representatives Speaker Newt Gingrich told “The Kelly File” on Fox News. Gingrich, who has also been mentioned as possibly having a role in the Trump administration, said he thought Giuliani might have been interested in being nominated instead as the U.S. attorney general or secretary of homeland security. However, he said Giuliani would do a fabulous job as Trump’s secretary of state. “He’s already known worldwide,” Gingrich said. Bolton, 67, a senior fellow at the American Enterprise Institute think tank, was U.N. ambassador to the United Nations from August 2005 to December 2006 during the Bush administration. Before that he was under secretary of state for arms control and international security. He has frequently provided foreign policy advice to Republican presidential candidates. Trump is working on choosing the people he wants to place in his Cabinet for when he takes over the presidency on Jan. 20. In a sign that Trump might be getting closer to some decisions, his spokesman Jason Miller said Trump would meet Vice President-elect Mike Pence, who is in charge of Trump’s transition effort, at Trump Tower in New York on Tuesday. Miller said Trump and Pence would be “reviewing a number of names for key jobs.” “If the vice president-elect is getting together with the president-elect to discuss names, then I would say that it’s serious, obviously,” he said. U.S. Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama, a possible pick for defense secretary, was seen entering Trump Tower on Monday. ",1
7271,Top tax-writing Republican says TPP trade deal not dead in Congress,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Rep. Kevin Brady on Tuesday said Republicans should defend free trade and the party should defend the Trans Pacific Partnership (TPP) in the new Congress. “Republicans are going to continue to support the freedom to trade,” the Chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee said. When it comes to the controversial TPP, which president-elect Donald Trump has opposed, Brady said the plan was defensible. “Don’t withdraw, renegotiate,” he told a panel of the Wall Street Journal CEO Council. “There is plenty that levels the playing field. Renegotiate. Fix the problems that exist today. Let’s find a way to move forward.” ",1
7272,Obama to reassure U.S. allies about Trump's commitment to NATO,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama said on Monday he would reassure U.S. allies during his trip overseas this week that Republican President-elect Donald Trump plans to maintain core U.S. strategic relationships around the world, including with NATO. Obama, speaking ahead of a trip to Europe and Latin America, said one of the most important things he could do during his visit was to reassure U.S. allies who may be concerned following Trump’s victory over Democrat Hillary Clinton last week. Trump slammed NATO allies during the campaign for not paying enough for their own defense and suggested the United States was paying a disproportionate amount that was too much given the changes in the world. He also told the Washington Post the United States could not fund NATO at current levels. Trump’s comments echoed longstanding U.S. complaints that too many NATO allies do not live up to their pledge to spend 2 percent of gross domestic product on defense. Only the United States and four other NATO allies - Greece, Britain, Estonia and Poland - met the goal last year. France and Turkey have been close. Despite Trump’s criticism of NATO spending during the campaign, Obama said the president-elect, who takes office Jan. 20, had indicated he was committed to maintaining ties with U.S. allies. “In my conversation with the president-elect, he expressed a great interest in maintaining our core strategic relationships,” Obama told a news conference before his departure. “So one of the messages I will be able to deliver is his commitment to NATO and the trans-Atlantic alliance.” “One of the most important functions that I can serve at this stage ... is to let them know that there is no weakening of resolve when it comes to America’s commitment to maintaining a strong and robust NATO relationship and a recognition that those alliances aren’t just good for Europe, they’re good for the United States and they’re vital for the world,” he said. The European Union agreed on a new defense plan on Monday that could see it sending rapid response forces abroad for the first time, a move seen as giving it the ability to act without the United States if necessary. The action appeared to be galvanized in part by Trump’s criticism. Obama is visiting Greece, Germany and Peru on his last trip abroad as president. He is expected to meet German Chancellor Angela Merkel and other European leaders in Germany and Greece. In Peru he will see Chinese President Xi Jinping and other Pacific leaders at an economic summit. Obama said U.S. foreign policy remained quite stable despite changes in administration, in part because of the breadth of U.S. government interactions with other nations. “There is enormous continuity beneath the day-to-day news that makes us that indispensable nation when it comes to maintaining order and promoting prosperity around the world. That will continue,” Obama told reporters at the White House. ",1
7273,"U.S. internet firms ask Trump to support encryption, ease regulations","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. internet companies including Facebook Inc and Amazon Inc have sent President-elect Donald Trump a detailed list of their policy priorities, which includes promoting strong encryption, immigration reform and maintaining liability protections from content that users share on their platforms. The letter sent on Monday by the Internet Association, a trade group whose 40 members also include Alphabet’s Google, Uber and Twitter, represents an early effort to repair the relationship between the technology sector and Trump, who was almost universally disliked and at times denounced in Silicon Valley during the presidential campaign. “The internet industry looks forward to engaging in an open and productive dialogue,” reads the letter, signed by Michael Beckerman, president of the Internet Association, and seen by Reuters. Some of the policy goals stated in the letter may align with Trump’s priorities, including easing regulation on the sharing economy, lowering taxes on profits made from intellectual property and applying pressure on Europe to not erect too many barriers that restrict U.S. internet companies from growing in that market. Other goals are likely to clash with Trump, who offered numerous broadsides against the tech sector during his campaign.  They include supporting strong encryption in products against efforts by law enforcement agencies to mandate access to data for criminal investigations, upholding recent reforms to U.S. government surveillance programs that ended the bulk collection of call data by the National Security Agency, and maintaining net neutrality rules that require internet service providers to treat web traffic equally.  The association seeks immigration reform to support more high-skilled workers staying in the United States. Though Trump made tougher immigration policies a central theme of his campaign, he has at times shied away from arguing against more H-1B visas for skilled workers, saying in a March debate he was “softening the position because we need to have talented people in this country.” While urging support for trade agreements, the letter does not mention the Trans Pacific Partnership, which Trump has repeatedly assailed with claims it was poorly negotiated and would take jobs away from U.S. workers. The technology sector supported the deal, but members of Congress have conceded since the election it is not going to be enacted.  Trump’s often-shifting policy proposals on the campaign trail frequently alarmed tech companies and sometimes elicited public mockery, such as when Trump called for closing off parts of the internet to limit militant Islamist propaganda. Trump has also urged a boycott of Apple Inc products over the company’s refusal to help the Federal Bureau of Investigation unlock an iPhone associated with last year’s San Bernardino, California, shootings, threatened antitrust action against Amazon, and demanded that tech companies such as Apple manufacture their products in the United States. In a statement, Beckerman said the internet industry looked forward to working closely with Trump and lawmakers in Congress to “cement the internet’s role as a driver of economic and social progress for future generations.” ",1
7274,U.S. should consider Beijing-backed Asia-Pacific trade deal: China paper,"BEIJING (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump’s administration should consider supporting a Beijing-backed free trade deal in the Asia-Pacific, state media said on Tuesday, adding that China would be relieved to see a rival U.S.-led trade deal wither under Trump. During his election campaign, Trump took a protectionist stance on trade issues and labeled the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) championed by President Barack Obama a “disaster”.  There is now little chance of it coming up for vote in Washington before his inauguration in January. Obama had framed the TPP, which excludes China, as part of his “pivot to Asia” and as an effort to write Asia’s trade rules before Beijing could. China had feared the United States would use the TPP to either force it to open markets by signing up or else to isolate it from other regional economies. “Of course, Beijing is understandably relieved that the exclusive, economically inefficient, politically antagonizing TPP is looking ever less likely to materialize by the day,” the official English-language China Daily newspaper said in an editorial. The Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership (RCEP) trade talks, which are supported by Beijing but to which the United States is not party, are viewed by some observers as a competitor to U.S. economic leadership in the region. “The incoming administration should realize that the more open, inclusive Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership will turn out to be a far more efficient vehicle for advancing U.S. interests,” the China Daily said. “Washington may want to take advantage of the nascent, evolving platform and become involved from the rule-making stage. U.S. influence in the Asia-Pacific will not abate if the Trump administration chooses to engage with the region constructively,” the paper said. Such editorials in state-run media do not represent Chinese government policy but they are indicative of official thinking.  RCEP groups the 10 members of the Association of South East Asian Nations plus China, Japan, South Korea, India, Australia and New Zealand, but currently does not offer the same high level of free trade openings as the TPP. China has said it will seek support for another nascent Beijing-led trade framework, the Free Trade Area of the Asia Pacific (FTAAP), at a regional summit this month. Peru, which will host the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) meeting and is party to the TPP, has said that Pacific-rim countries can forge a new trade deal to replace the TPP that includes China and Russia but not the United States.  ",1
7275,Thousands of students carry protests against Trump into second week,"SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Demonstrations protesting the U.S. presidential election victory of Republican Donald Trump entered their second week on Monday, with thousands of students chanting phrases like “Not My President” after walking out of classes across the country. The latest protests came as critics slammed Trump’s selection of right-wing firebrand Stephen Bannon as his chief strategist, with many fearing the move could lift the white nationalist movement into the top levels of the White House. The Los Angeles Unified School District estimated that  4,000 students walked out of classes across the city in protest of the president-elect, who campaigned on deporting undocumented immigrants and building a wall between the United States and Mexico. Officials with Seattle Public Schools said about 5,000 students walked out of 20 high schools and middle schools on Monday. That figure represented about 10 percent of the district’s student body, according to schools spokesman Luke Duecy.  Authorities in Portland, Oregon, Montgomery County, Maryland, and the San Francisco Bay Area said hundreds of young people marched in protest as well.  Tens of thousands of people have marched in cities from New York to Los Angeles in largely peaceful rallies since Trump’s upset victory last Tuesday over Democrat Hillary Clinton. Trump secured enough votes in the 538-member Electoral College to win the presidency despite trailing Clinton in the popular vote. But there have been sporadic bouts of destruction. Demonstrators in Oakland, California, last week threw objects at police in riot gear and smashed storefront windows. More than 100 people had been arrested following days of protest in Portland, Oregon, police said on Monday. Protesters in that city over the weekend blocked traffic and threw objects at police dressed in riot gear who responded with pepper spray and flash-bang devices. Civil rights groups and police have monitored violence against U.S. minorities since Trump’s win, citing reports of attacks on women in Islamic head scarves, of racist graffiti and of bullying of immigrant children. Trump has called for peace and unity and denounced white supremacist groups that supported him. He said on Sunday he was “so saddened” to hear about racial slurs and personal threats made against African-Americans, Latinos and gay people by some of his supporters. “I say, ‘Stop it.’ If it - if it helps,” Trump told CBS’ “60 Minutes” in an interview. ",1
7276,"Trump will get wake-up call when he takes office, Obama says","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump is in for a quick wake-up call and will have to adjust his temperament when he confronts the realities of his new job on Jan. 20, President Barack Obama said on Monday. In a news conference at the White House, Obama said the freewheeling Trump could not be as outspoken as he was during the long and bitter campaign that ended last week with the Republican’s surprise win over Democrat Hillary Clinton.     Subdued and carefully choosing his words, Obama gave what appeared to be dispassionate advice to his successor free of much of the partisan rancor that marked the election campaign. “This office has a way of waking you up,” Obama said. “Those aspects of his positions or predispositions that don’t match up with reality, he will find shaken up pretty quick because reality has a way of asserting itself.” The two men met in the Oval Office last week to begin the transition of power. Obama said on Monday he believed Trump would be pragmatic in office and not approach the country’s problems from an ideological perspective. “There are going to be certain elements of his temperament that will not serve him well, unless he recognizes them and corrects them,” Obama said. “Because when you’re a candidate and you say something that is inaccurate or controversial it has less impact than it does when you’re president of the United States. Everybody around the world is paying attention. Markets move,” he said. Obama declined to wade into a controversy over Trump’s appointment of right-wing firebrand Stephen Bannon as his chief strategist, saying it would “not be appropriate” for him to comment on Trump’s appointments. But Obama, who criticized Trump’s temperament during the campaign, said it was important for Trump to send signals of unity after the hard-fought campaign. He said the political gifts that allowed the Republican to upset Clinton would be put to good use in the White House. “I’ve been encouraged by his statements on election night about the need for unity, his interest in being president for all people,” Obama said. “In an election like this that was so hotly contested and so divided, gestures matter.” The president-elect, a businessman who has never held public office, and his transition team are working on picking members of his Cabinet and the heads of federal agencies. Former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani has emerged as a leading candidate for secretary of state, a source familiar with the process said. John Bolton, a former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, is also being considered for the job of the nation’s top diplomat, the source added. Giuliani became one of Trump’s closest advisers during the campaign, functioning as his most vocal defender on cable news programs and introducing him at many rallies. Giuliani has also been mentioned as a possible attorney general or homeland security secretary. A Trump transition team official denied media reports on Monday that Trump was seeking security clearance for three of his children and his son-in-law. Such clearance would allow Trump to discuss matters of national security with his daughter Ivanka, sons Eric and Donald Jr. and son-in-law Jared Kushner. Federal law prohibits him from hiring family members to serve in his administration, but all four played key advisory roles through the campaign. Trump has insisted that to avoid conflicts of interest, his children would run his sprawling business operations once he assumed the presidency. Democrats, civil rights groups and even some Republicans slammed Trump for choosing Bannon as a key aide, saying it would elevate the white nationalist movement into the top levels of the White House. Making his first appointments since last week’s upset win, Trump picked Bannon as his chief strategist and counselor, and Washington insider Reince Priebus as his chief of staff on Sunday, saying the two would share the task of steering his administration as “equal partners.” The choice of Priebus was seen as a conciliatory signal of Trump’s willingness to work with Congress. But critics blasted the selection of Bannon, who spearheaded a shift of the Breitbart News website into a forum for the “alt-right,” a loose online group of neo-Nazis, white supremacists and anti-Semites. “There should be no sugarcoating the truth here: Donald Trump just invited a white nationalist into the highest reaches of the government,” said Democratic Senator Jeff Merkley, who called on Trump to rescind the choice. The Democratic leader in the House of Representatives, Nancy Pelosi, said Bannon’s appointment sent “an alarming signal that President-elect Trump remains committed to the hateful and divisive vision that defined his campaign.” Even some conservatives and Republicans voiced dismay on Bannon. Evan McMullin, who ran as a conservative independent presidential candidate, wondered on Twitter if any national Republican leaders would condemn the pick of “anti-Semite” Bannon. John Weaver, a top strategist for Republican Ohio Governor John Kasich, tweeted that the “racist, fascist extreme right is represented footsteps from the Oval Office. Be very vigilant America.” Kasich was one of 16 Republican presidential hopefuls Trump defeated in the party primaries.  Priebus defended Bannon on Monday, calling him a wise and well-educated former naval officer and saying he had not encountered the sort of extremist or racist views that critics are assailing. “He was a force for good on the campaign,” Priebus said on Fox News, adding they were in agreement on “almost everything” in terms of advising the president-elect. Kellyanne Conway, Trump’s former campaign manager and a senior adviser, told reporters in New York she was offended by the reaction to Bannon, describing him as a “brilliant tactician.” Police in New York on Monday were investigating two cases involving swastikas drawn or painted in public spaces, as civil rights activists said there had been a surge in hate crimes following last week’s election. Local media reported hundreds of students walked out of a high school to protest Trump on Monday in Silver Spring, Maryland, and students gathered at the University of Washington in Seattle to protest Trump. ",1
7277,Short list of potential Trump administration picks,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump recently announced the first major appointments to his administration but still has many positions to fill ahead of his inauguration on Jan. 20. Trump announced on Sunday he will hire Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus as White House chief of staff and named Stephen Bannon, former head of the conservative web site Breitbart News, as his chief strategist and senior counselor. The selection of Bannon drew sharp criticism from Democrats, who criticized Breitbart News’ ties to racist messages. Below are people mentioned as contenders for senior roles. * Bob Corker, Tennessee senator and chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee * John Bolton, former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations under President George W. Bush * Newt Gingrich, Republican former U.S. House Speaker * Zalmay Khalilzad, former U.S. ambassador to Iraq * Rudy Giuliani, Republican former mayor of New York City * Steven Mnuchin, former Goldman Sachs executive and Trump’s campaign finance chairman     * Jeb Hensarling, Texas Republican congressman and chairman of the House Financial Services Committee * Jamie Dimon, JPMorgan Chase & Co chief executive officer * Tom Barrack, founder and chairman of Colony Capital Inc * Lieutenant General Michael Flynn, former director of the Defense Intelligence Agency  * Stephen Hadley, former national security adviser under President George W. Bush * Jon Kyl, former Republican senator from Arizona * Jeff Sessions, Republican senator from Alabama and early Trump supporter, member of the Senate Armed Services Committee * Kelly Ayotte, outgoing Republican senator from New Hampshire and member of the Senate Armed Services Committee * Duncan Hunter, Republican congressman from California and early Trump supporter, member of House Armed Services Committee * Jim Talent, former Republican senator from Missouri who was on the Senate Armed Services Committee  * Rudy Giuliani * Jeff Sessions, senior member of the Senate Judiciary Committee who takes a hard line on immigration * Chris Christie, Republican New Jersey governor * Pam Bondi, Republican Florida Attorney General  * Trey Gowdy, Republican congressman from South Carolina who headed the House committee that investigated the 2012 attacks on the U.S. mission in Benghazi, Libya * Ben Carson, former neurosurgeon and 2016 Republican presidential candidate * Newt Gingrich * Rich Bagger, former pharmaceutical executive and former top aide to New Jersey Governor Chris Christie * Bobby Jindal, former Louisiana governor  * Michael McCaul, U.S. Republican congressman from Texas and chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee * David Clarke, Milwaukee county sheriff and vocal Trump supporter  * Joe Arpaio, outgoing Maricopa County, Arizona, sheriff who campaigned for Trump  * Myron Ebell, a climate change skeptic at the libertarian Competitive Enterprise Institute who is overseeing environmental policy on Trump’s transition team * Robert Grady, venture capitalist, partner in private equity firm Gryphon Investors  * Leslie Rutledge, Arkansas attorney general * Carol Comer, commissioner of the Indiana Department of Environmental Management * Harold Hamm, Oklahoma oil and gas mogul, CEO of Continental Resources Inc * Larry Nichols, co-founder of Devon Energy Corp * James Connaughton, CEO of Nautilus Data Technologies and a former environmental adviser to President George W. Bush * U.S. Representative Kevin Cramer, of North Dakota * Robert Grady * Sarah Palin, Republican former Alaska governor who ran for vice president in 2008 * Jan Brewer, former Arizona governor * Forrest Lucas, founder of oil products company Lucas Oil * Harold Hamm * Robert Grady * Linda McMahon, former world Wrestling Entertainment executive and two-time Senate candidate * Lieutenant General Michael Flynn * Mike Rogers, Republican former representative from Michigan who chaired the House Intelligence Committee * Pete Hoekstra, Republican former representative from Michigan * Lieutenant General Michael Flynn * Stephen Hadley * Kelly Ayotte * Richard Grenell, former spokesman for the United States at the United Nations  * Peter King, Republican representative from New York * Dan DiMicco, former chief executive of steel producer Nucor Corp * Jeff Miller, retiring congressman from Florida and chairman of the Veterans Affairs committee ",1
7278,Obama promises to veto bill that would block aircraft exports to Iran,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama’s administration said on Monday he would veto legislation seeking to block financial transactions related to the export of passenger aircraft to Iran, saying it would undermine the nuclear deal implemented early this year. The legislation in the House of Representatives is the latest Republican-led effort to stop the sale of aircraft to Iran by Airbus and Boeing Co, allowed under the nuclear deal. The White House said U.S. partners would view the bill, if implemented, as a violation of the nuclear agreement. The United States plus Britain, Russia, France, China and Germany agreed to lift sanctions if Iran would curtail its nuclear program. The deals by Airbus and Boeing to sell or lease over 200 jets to IranAir would help modernize and expand the country’s elderly fleet, held together by smuggled or improvised parts after years of sanctions. Some members of Congress have raised concerns that killing the sale could cost jobs. But opponents argue that the passenger aircraft could be used for military purposes such as transporting fighters to battle U.S. troops or allies in Syria. The measure would bar the Secretary of the Treasury from authorizing a transaction by a U.S. financial institution related to the export, or re-export, of commercial aircraft to Iran. And it would revoke any authorities enacted before the bill passed, such as those that allowed the Boeing and Airbus sales. The measure also limits the role of Export-Import Bank financing of sales to Iran. Some banks have been reluctant to finance the aircraft deals, fearing they could fall foul of remaining sanctions prohibiting the use of the U.S. financial system for Iranian business. The House is expected to take up, and pass, the measure as soon as this week. It is not expected to get through the Senate, where it would need Democratic support to advance. Lawmakers expect more efforts to stop the aircraft sale, and the broader Iran deal, after Donald Trump becomes U.S. president in January. Trump has been critical of the nuclear agreement, which is seen by Obama supporters as one of the Democratic president’s signature foreign policy achievements. ",1
7279,"Trump win, Democratic setbacks cloud Pelosi's future as leader","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Nancy Pelosi may face a challenge to her 14-year-old role as the leading Democrat in the U.S. House of Representatives now that Republicans have captured the White House and maintained their grip on Congress. Representative Tim Ryan, 43, of Ohio, is weighing a run against Pelosi, 76, who is the House minority leader and former speaker of the House, said Ryan’s spokesman Michael Zetts. The party vote for minority leader is scheduled for Thursday. “He is concerned that if changes aren’t made we will be in the political wilderness for many years to come,” Zetts said. It was unclear how much support Ryan might have. He has been in the House since 2003. Voters who elected Republican Donald Trump over Democrat Hillary Clinton on Nov. 8 also gave Democrats a few more seats in the 435-member U.S. House of Representatives and the 100-member Senate, but Republicans held on to their majorities in both. Democrats had expected to do much better; some had predicted double-digit wins in the House. Pelosi, of California, faced calls from Representative Seth Moulton and other Democrats, dismayed by the election results, to postpone the party’s leadership election until later in November while a reassessment is made. House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, a Republican, may have given some ammunition to Pelosi’s detractors on Monday when he said, “I kind of like Pelosi staying around. As long as she’s there, I think we stay in the majority.” The new Congress convenes on Jan. 3; Trump will succeed President Barack Obama, a Democrat, on Jan. 20. In the U.S. Senate, New York’s Chuck Schumer is expected to replace the retiring fellow Democrat Harry Reid as minority leader. In the Republican party, no one is challenging Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, and House Republicans are expected on Tuesday to nominate Paul Ryan to remain House speaker.  Ryan would face an election in January, when all members of the new House, both Democrats and Republicans, vote on a new speaker.  Before Trump’s win, some Republican conservatives angered by Ryan’s tepid support for Trump were talking about trying to block his re-election. Those threats have subsided but not vanished. An aide to New York Republican Representative Chris Collins said, “Congressman Collins fully believes Speaker Ryan is a slam dunk to be re-elected as speaker, and looks forward to working with him in the next Congress.” Collins was Trump’s first supporter in the House. Some conservative Republicans still have doubts. “Presently Speaker Ryan does not have my vote, but I will listen to his message tomorrow,” Representative Tom Massie of Kentucky said in a statement. ",1
7280,Trump's team seeks top-secret clearance for his children: CBS News,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican President-elect Donald Trump’s team has asked the White House to explore the possibility of getting his children top-secret security clearances, CBS News said on Monday, citing unnamed sources. Daughter Ivanka, sons Eric and Donald Jr. and son-in-law Jared Kushner were close advisers to Trump’s campaign and are part of his transition team announced on Friday. The CBS report did not specify for which Trump children top-secret clearance was being sought. ",1
7281,U.S. slams proposed Israeli bill on settlements as 'troubling step',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States on Monday described as “troubling” an Israeli bill supported by a ministerial committee allowing settlers in the occupied West Bank to remain in homes built on private Palestinian land and said it hoped the law does not pass.  “We are deeply concerned about the advancement of legislation that would allow for the legalization of illegal Israeli outposts located on private Palestinian land,” State Department spokeswoman Elizabeth Trudeau told a briefing. If the law were enacted it could pave the way for the legalization of dozens of illegal outposts deep in the West Bank, she said, adding: “This would represent an unprecedented and troubling step that’s inconsistent with prior Israeli legal opinion and also break longstanding policy of not building on private Palestinian land,” Trudeau said. The U.S. believes settlements endangered prospects for a two-state solution and Israeli-Palestinian peace, she said. “We hope it doesn’t become law,” Trudeau added. The ministerial committee defied Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and voted on Sunday to back the bill, which will be debated by parliament on Wednesday and is still some distance from becoming law. Israel’s attorney-general, Avihai Mandelblit, has called the bill legally flawed in its current form, saying that it contravened private property rights legislation and did not tally with Israel’s international law commitments. ",1
7282,"'The Rock' talks a future in politics, including potential White House run","LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - After parleying a professional wrestling career as “The Rock” into leading roles in Hollywood, Dwayne Johnson is entertaining the idea of jumping into the political ring, including perhaps even a run for the White House someday. Johnson, 44, who stars in the upcoming Disney animated film “Moana” as the voice of demigod Maui, told Reuters the excitement surrounding last week’s presidential election had renewed public interest in him running for office. “I love my country, I’m extremely patriotic and I also feel, especially now, leadership is so important, great leadership is so important, respected leadership is so important,” said Johnson, star of “The Fast and the Furious” franchise  Asked specifically about a potential White House run, Johnson replied: “If I felt like I could be an effective leader for us, and surround myself with really high-quality leaders, then sure, I would.”  It is not the first time Johnson’s name has been mentioned in political circles. Earlier this year, Johnson took to Instagram to thank a Washington Post journalist who said he had a “weirdly plausible path to a political career” as a mixed-race registered Republican from Florida, a swing state in the presidential election.  While Johnson did not specify which office he might seek, when he might run or which party he would represent, he said he thought that running a business as a producer in Hollywood had given him a discipline he hoped he could apply to politics.  “I’ve found really good success in being able to galvanize people in a positive way and continued to push them, as I’ve pushed myself along the way too, because I walk what I talk, daily, which I think is an important quality,” he said.  If Johnson does take on politics, he would be following another pro wrestler, Jesse ‘The Body’ Ventura, who served as governor of Minnesota, and body builder-turned-action star Arnold Schwarzenegger, who served two terms as Republican governor of California. Known for his catchphrase: “Can you smell what The Rock is cooking,” Johnson still participates in occasional World Wrestling Entertainment matches, alongside producing and starring in HBO’s sports dramedy “Ballers” and the upcoming “Baywatch” film reboot. ",1
7283,"Factbox: President-elect Trump's top goals, biggest hurdles","(Reuters) - Republican Donald Trump campaigned on a promise to shake up Washington and as president the brash real estate mogul will be in a position to dramatically change how the United States handles immigration, trade and a range of other policies. Yet many of his more ambitious proposals will require cooperation from Congress after he takes office on Jan. 20. While he will may enjoy a post-election honeymoon with congressional Republicans, a long-lasting romance is far from guaranteed, given his uneasy relationship with congressional leaders and some basic ideological differences he has with Republican orthodoxy. Following is an overview of Trump’s top policy plans: In his campaign, Trump argued that international trade agreements had hurt U.S. workers and the country’s competitiveness. He has promised to “get tough” on China and withdraw from the 12-nation Trans-Pacific Partnership, or TPP, which is still not finalized. As president, Trump does have some power to raise tariffs on countries such as China.  President Barack Obama’s administration has suspended its efforts to win congressional approval for TPP, saying its fate was up to Trump and Republican lawmakers. Trump has also said he would renegotiate or scrap the North American Free Trade Agreement, the 1994 free-trade deal with Mexico and Canada. Both Canada and Mexico have indicated they are willing to discuss the agreement with Trump. Canada has indicated it would consider a free-trade agreement that excludes Mexico. Economists have warned that such moves would damage the economy by forcing consumers to pay dramatically higher prices on everything from refrigerators to T-shirts. U.S. exports, such as airplanes and soybeans, would likely suffer as well.      Trump has promised to build a wall along the Mexican border, deport millions of undocumented immigrants and ban immigration from countries that have been “compromised by terrorism.”  Since his election, he has said parts could be a fence instead of a wall, and he would act to deport up to 3 million immigrants in the country illegally who have criminal records. It was unclear where his figure comes from. Think tank Migration Policy Institute estimated in a 2015 report there were 820,000 unauthorized immigrants with criminal records.    Those policies would not come cheap. Trump has estimated the wall would cost $8 billion to $12 billion. Other estimates have run much higher. Politico estimated it would cost at least $166 billion to deport all of those in the country illegally and complete a border wall. While many congressional Republicans support those policies, they might blanch at the cost. Trump has said he would force Mexico to pay for the wall, but he has no power to force another country to spend money on something it does not want.  Trump also promised to withhold federal funds from “sanctuary cities” such as New York and Los Angeles that shield people who are in the country illegally.     More broadly, Trump could shift the broader debate over immigration, empowering skeptics like Republican Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama who want to reduce overall immigration levels and reduce the number of skilled guest workers. That would be a blow to business groups and Hispanic advocates who have sought to relax immigration laws. Trump has promised to repeal President Barack Obama’s signature Affordable Care Act, popularly known as Obamacare, and replace it with a plan that would give states more control over the Medicaid health plan for the poor and allow insurers to sell plans nationally. He would need Congress to act, and Republicans could have difficulty getting the 60 votes needed to advance a repeal effort through the 100-member Senate. Republicans could face a public backlash if they repeal a law that has provided healthcare to millions of Americans who previously had no healthcare. After the election Trump said he would consider retaining parts of Obamacare, including provisions letting parents keep adult children up to age 26 on insurance policies and barring insurers from denying coverage to people with existing conditions. Trump has vowed to make deep tax cuts, while also promising to protect popular health and retirement programs that account for more than a third of U.S. government spending. That combination of policies would massively increase the national debt, according to the nonpartisan Center for a Responsible Budget. He has also proposed increasing spending on the military and infrastructure, but has said he would reduce spending on categories other than health and retirement by 1 percent each year. On taxes, he would get plenty of help from Republicans in Congress, who have been laying the groundwork for a tax-code overhaul that would lower rates and close loopholes. But they will encounter fierce resistance from homeowners, businesses and other interest groups that benefit from current tax breaks. Trump’s promise to protect entitlement programs such as Social Security and Medicare will rile fiscal conservatives, who worry they will swamp the federal budget in the decades to come. But those programs are popular with the American public. Trump has promised a “dismantling” of the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial reform law enacted following the financial crisis, but has given few details. Both Trump and the Republican Party have called for reinstating Glass-Steagall, the 1930s-era law that forced the separation of investment banks from deposit-taking institutions. Republican lawmakers have so far been unable to undo many of their most-despised pieces of the Dodd-Frank law, and many in their ranks oppose a return to Glass-Steagall. Trump appears to be leaning toward weakening the law in a manner similar to what was proposed in a bill known as the CHOICE Act this summer by Jeb Hensarling, the Republican chairman of the U.S. House Financial Services Committee.      Trump has offered few details about his plans to fight Islamic State but has said he would “knock the hell out of” the militant group. He says he is keeping the details of his strategy a secret so as not to disclose them to the enemy. Trump said that if he won, he would give U.S. generals 30 days after taking office on Jan. 20 to propose their own plans. Trump has said he opposes accepting refugees fleeing violence in Syria, and instead has said he would create “safe zones” there, which he says would be funded by Gulf states. Obama has said a safe zone in Syria would require a large U.S. military commitment, something that could prove to be unpopular with Americans weary of lengthy wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. Trump has said he would have a “very, very good” relationship with Russia.  Trump has said could work with Russia to combat Islamic State. He also said he would look into recognizing Crimea, seized from Ukraine in 2014, as Russian territory and lifting sanctions on Russia imposed by Western nations for what they called an illegal land grab. Trump has criticized the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, saying some U.S. allies have not met their defense commitments. In July, he said if Russia attacked a NATO member, he would consider whether the country has paid up before providing defense. NATO leaders say the sanctions against Russia are key to persuading it to change that country’s behavior in Ukraine, where it has backed ethnic Russian separatists, and that the alliance has long been focused on fighting international terrorism. With one vacancy on the Supreme Court and several more possible in the coming four years, Trump will have a chance to put a conservative stamp on the courts for decades to come. His list of potential nominees has won praise from conservative activists and Republicans in the U.S. Senate, who will be eager to help him in that area. Trump has called global warming a hoax and said he wants to cancel the 2015 Paris Agreement among almost 200 nations that entered into force on Nov. 4. Instead, he says he will push ahead and develop cheap coal, shale and oil.  Trump’s advisers are considering ways to bypass a theoretical four-year procedure for leaving the accord, according to a source on his transition team. ",1
7284,CalPERS chief sees volatility until Trump implements plans,"SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - The California Public Employees’ Retirement System’s chief investment officer advised the pension fund on Monday to prepare for “greater uncertainty and volatility” until U.S. president-elect Donald Trump and Congress implement their policy plans. Ted Eliopoulos told a meeting of the fund’s investment board that Trump’s plans would likely be “positive for growth and corporate earnings,” but “the devil will be in the details, and we don’t know the details.”  Trump has indicated he would prioritize a broad mix of policies, including tax cuts, infrastructure spending, the repeal or lessening of Dodd-Frank financial regulation, and changes to global trade arrangements. Decisions made by the new administration and Congress will have “a significant impact on matters small and large” for CalPERS and for investors globally, Eliopoulos said during a live Webcast of the meeting, the board’s first since the U.S. presidential election last week.  But it is “much too early to talk with precision about these implications since we know very little,” Eliopoulos added.  “We do need to be prepared to address a much different policy environment, new economic and investment challenges and opportunities and be ready to adjust, act, and govern ourselves accordingly,” said Eliopoulos.  CalPERS is the nation’s largest public pension fund with approximately $300.7 billion of total fund market value. ",1
7285,CalPERS shared 14 percent of private equity profits with firms,"(Reuters) - The California Public Employees’ Retirement System said on Monday it shared about 14 percent of the profit made on private equity investments in the past year with firms managing the money. The announcement by the nation’s largest public pension fund marks a milestone toward greater fee disclosures for private equity assets, which make up $26.4 billion or almost 9 percent of the total fund. The move is sure to be noticed by other state and city pension funds. CalPERS and other large public pension funds are under increasing pressure to track and disclose the costs of private equity investments. A new California law passed this year requires the state’s public pension funds to disclose more about the fees paid to manage the funds. CalPERS paid $228.4 million in fees in fiscal year 2015-2016, and shared $539 million in profits with private equity firms. In total, CalPERS realized $3.26 billion in gains from its private equity portfolio last year.  The asset class returned 1.7 percent in fiscal 2015-16. In fiscal year 2014-2015, when the asset class returned 8.92 percent, the pension fund paid $431.7 million in fees.  CalPERS has been working with the Institutional Limited Partners Association (ILPA) to shed more light on fees paid to manage funds and profits shared with private equity firms. Few public pension funds disclose these costs, despite a growing consensus from government officials, regulators, and the public to do so. On Monday, some members of CalPERS Board pushed for further transparency by requiring private equity firms to reveal the portfolio fees, offsets or management fee waivers that they may collect. “If somebody is not willing to disclose to us these kinds of fees, I’m not sure it’s somebody we want to play with,” said CalPERS board member J.J. Jelincic. “We are the gold standard,” said fellow board member Richard Costigan. “Every one of those funds should be disclosing and if they are not, or they are refusing, we should not be doing business with them.” CalPERS consultants advised prudence when setting strict new rules that could dissuade firms from working with CalPERS. The asset remains highly competitive, said Michael Moy of Pension Consulting Alliance, and private equity firms have “absolutely no trouble getting commitments from investors.” “You are not alone, but you are darn near it,” Moy said. “They are very reluctant to give any kind of ground in negotiations.” ",1
7286,Obama says he hopes Trump sends 'signals of unity' after campaign,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama said on Monday it was important for President-elect Donald Trump to send signals of unity after a bitterly fought campaign. At a news conference, Obama declined to comment on Trump’s selection of conservative provocateur Steve Bannon as his White House chief strategist. But the Democratic president said he privately told the Republican Trump in an Oval Office meeting last week that because of the “bitterness and the ferocity of the campaign that it’s really important to try to send some signals of unity and to reach out to minority groups, to women and others that were concerned about the tenor of the campaign.” ",1
7287,Snowden warns of increase in U.S. domestic spying after Trump victory,"BUENOS AIRES (Reuters) - Donald Trump’s election as U.S. president raises concern that Washington may increase the intrusiveness of domestic intelligence gathering, former U.S. spy agency contractor Edward Snowden said on Monday, warning that democratic checks and balances were losing ground to authoritarianism. Snowden lives in Moscow under an asylum deal after he leaked classified information in 2013 that triggered an international furor over the reach of U.S. spy operations. He spoke at a teleconference hosted by Buenos Aires University’s law school. “We are starting to substitute open government for sheer authoritarianism, a government based not upon the principle of informed consent granted by people who understand its activities but rather a trust in personalities, a trust in claims, a trust in the hope that they will do the right thing,” Snowden said. Washington pledged not to engage in indiscriminate espionage following Snowden’s 2013 disclosures. But Snowden questioned if that policy could be modified by new officials “who have a very different set of values and can govern in the dark.” “If government does actually win our trust, because they go for some years and they do operate in a way that we should support, what happens when it changes?” he asked. “This is kind of the challenge that we’re facing today in the United States with the result of the last election.” Supporters see Snowden as a whistleblower who boldly exposed government excess. But the U.S. government has filed espionage charges against him for leaking intelligence information. Trump, who scored an upset win over Democrat Hillary Clinton in last Tuesday’s election, broke with many in his own Republican Party during the campaign and emphasized his success as a businessman and reality TV show star. He promised sweeping security measures to deal with the threat of attacks on the United States. His election was greeted with concern from the American Civil Liberties Union over statements he made during the campaign supporting increased surveillance of U.S. Muslims, mass deportation of illegal immigrants, reauthorization of waterboarding and changing libel laws to increase press restrictions.     Snowden, asked if he thought the election of Trump, who has praised Russian President Vladimir Putin as a strong leader, might increase chances of him being pardoned by the U.S. government, responded: “Who knows?” ",1
7288,"Putin, Trump speak by phone, aim for cooperation: Kremlin","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin and U.S. President-elect Donald Trump on Monday agreed to work toward “constructive cooperation”, including on fighting terrorism, the Kremlin said. In their first phone call since Trump won the Nov. 8 election, they agreed to “channel” relations between Russia and the United States and “combine efforts to tackle international terrorism and extremism”. “The importance of creating a solid basis for bilateral ties was underscored, in particularly by developing the trade-economic component,” the Kremlin said in its statement. It added that the countries should “return to pragmatic, mutually beneficial cooperation, which would address the interests of both countries as well as stability and safety the world over.” Trump’s team issued a statement saying Putin called to offer congratulations. The statement said Trump told Putin he was looking forward to a strong and enduring relationship with Russia and its people. The two men will maintain contact by phone and seek to meet each other in person, the statement said.  Trump will succeed President Barack Obama on Jan. 20. Obama’s relations with Putin have become tense over issues that include Syria and Ukraine. ",1
7289,Oil mogul Hamm tops Trump list for U.S. energy secretary: sources,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Continental Resources Chief Executive Harold Hamm is at the top of President-elect Donald Trump’s list to serve as energy secretary, according to U.S. Representative Kevin Cramer of North Dakota, a Trump energy adviser who confirmed he is also under consideration for the job. “In my view, Harold Hamm has the right of first refusal,” Cramer told Reuters in a telephone interview. “In my view, he’s likely to be asked. And, because he’s a patriot and an American, he’s likely to say yes.” Hamm, 70, became one of America’s wealthiest men during the U.S. oil and gas drilling boom over the past decade, tapping into controversial hydraulic fracturing drilling technology to access vast deposits in North Dakota’s shale fields. Continental spokeswoman Kristin Thomas said, “There has never been a conversation” between Trump and Hamm about the position. She declined to speculate on how Hamm would respond if asked to take the job. People close to Hamm were mixed on the possibility. “I think Harold would be great in the (Energy Secretary) job. If the president calls, I think he would do it,” said Mike Cantrell, a former vice president of government affairs at Continental who remains close to Hamm. Another prominent U.S. oil and gas executive who knows Hamm and asked not to be named, however, said he doubted Hamm would be willing to leave Continental and may be more interested in having a strong say in who gets the job. Aside from Hamm and Cramer, Trump’s short list for energy secretary also includes venture capitalist Robert Grady, who served as associate director for Natural Resources, Energy and Science in President George H. W. Bush’s Office of Management and Budget, according to Cramer and two other sources with knowledge of the situation. Grady did not respond to requests for comment.  If Hamm is nominated, the Oklahoman would be the first U.S. energy secretary drawn directly from the industry since the cabinet position was created in 1977, a move that would jolt environmental advocates but bolster Trump’s pro-drilling energy platform. Trump, a Republican who will take office on Jan. 20 and succeed Democratic President Barack Obama, is also working to fill other top administration jobs in the coming weeks. Hamm addressed the Republican convention in July, calling for expanded drilling and saying too much environmental regulation threatened to limit U.S. oil production and increase the country’s dependence on Middle East oil producers.  Past heads of the U.S. Department of Energy, which is charged with advancing U.S. energy security and technology, including nuclear weapons production and labs, have typically boasted a political or academic background. Dan Eberhart, a Texas oil investor and Republican party financier who has worked with Hamm and has had conversations with the Trump campaign, said, “I know Hamm is being seriously considered. And I know that he wants it.” A former Capitol Hill staffer who knows both Hamm and Cramer said he thought Trump would be wise to favor the North Dakota congressman, a self-described climate change skeptic who has a history of supporting the oil, gas and coal sectors. “Both Hamm and Cramer would be fantastic choices, but I think Cramer brings more balance and stability,” he said, asking not to be named.  This is not the first time Hamm has been in contention for the job. The Republican Party’s presidential nominee in 2012, Mitt Romney, vetted Hamm to be energy secretary but ultimately decided against him because the two men have differing positions on renewable energy sources like wind. Hamm made headlines in 2015 after settling a protracted divorce case and agreeing to pay his ex-wife $975 million - reported to be one of the biggest divorce settlement in history.     ",1
7290,Trump poses daunting new challenge for Germany's Merkel,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Donald Trump’s victory has been a shock for America’s major partners around the world. But perhaps nowhere has the blow been more painful than in Germany, a country that under Angela Merkel has come to see itself as a bastion of openness and tolerance. On virtually every issue of importance to the German chancellor, from confronting Russian aggression and promoting free trade, to combating climate change and tackling the tide of refugees fleeing Syria, Trump seems likely to turn Washington from an ally into an adversary. He invoked the German chancellor’s name to insult his Democratic opponent Hillary Clinton during the U.S. campaign, calling her “America’s Merkel”. And he described her decision last year to open German borders to hundreds of thousands of migrants as “insane”. So although Trump’s election is being seen as a rejection of the political establishment and liberal democratic values in general, it represents a very personal blow to Merkel, Europe’s most powerful leader. It heaps more responsibility on her at a time when she is nearing an announcement on whether she will run for a record-tying fourth term as chancellor next autumn. Despite the toll that 11 years of non-stop crisis fighting has taken on her, Merkel’s aides say that Trump’s victory and Britain’s decision in June to leave the European Union have, if anything, reinforced her determination to continue. “Given the challenges we face, in Europe and beyond, she can’t simply walk off into the sunset. That would look very bad. She has a sense of responsibility,” said an adviser. Germans have been falling out of love with the United States since George W. Bush invaded Iraq more than a dozen years ago. But the election of Barack Obama in 2008 was seen here as proof of America’s capacity to correct its “mistakes”. Obama was hailed as the heir to John F. Kennedy, who came to a divided Berlin in 1963, two years after construction of the Berlin Wall began, and reassured Germans with the word “Ich bin ein Berliner”. Obama, who developed a close relationship with Merkel in his eight years in office, will make what promises to be a bittersweet farewell visit to Berlin this week. Trump’s win heralds a hard break in a relationship that grew extremely close during the Cold War, before wobbling when Germany refused to go along with Bush’s Iraq war and was derided by his Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld as “old Europe”. Last week, Germany’s Suddeutsche Zeitung published a cartoon of a beaming Trump opening his jacket to reveal the message “Ich bin kein Berliner” (I am not a Berliner) plastered across his chest. This won’t stop Merkel, a restrained politician who prefers small steps to giant leaps, from trying to work with the brash Trump, who rode to victory on the dreamy promise to “Make America Great Again”. She is a pragmatist who has maintained dialogue with strongmen like Vladimir Putin and Tayyip Erdogan through crises in Germany’s relationship with Russia and Turkey. But Merkel’s statement on Wednesday, in the aftermath of Trump’s election, was telling. In it, she set conditions for cooperation with Trump, a provocative message from a close ally to the democratically elected leader of the United States. “Germany and America are connected by values of democracy, freedom and respect for the law and the dignity of man, independent of origin, skin color, religion, gender, sexual orientation or political views,” she said. “I offer the next President of the United States close cooperation on the basis of these values.” Merkel’s cabinet colleagues have been far more outspoken. Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier has denounced Trump as a “preacher of hate”. Vice Chancellor Sigmar Gabriel has called him the pioneer of an international “authoritarian and chauvinist” movement. The German press has not pulled punches either. The cover of Der Spiegel magazine this weekend showed the head of a grimacing Trump hurtling toward earth like a giant flaming asteroid, above the title “The End of the World (as we know it)”. One of Merkel’s biggest foreign policy successes as chancellor was rallying the European Union’s disparate 28 member states behind sanctions against Russia in response to its intervention in eastern Ukraine. If Trump follows through on his promise to forge a closer relationship with Putin, the transatlantic and European front against Russia would crumble, leaving her Putin policy in tatters. Merkel was also the driving force in Europe behind the ambitious trade deal between the EU and United States, known as TTIP (the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership). That agreement, still in the negotiation phase, seems sure to die under Trump, whose protectionist promises, should they become reality, would hit few countries harder than Germany, whose economic strength depends heavily on the openness of the global trading system. “Nowhere would a move toward renationalization be more dangerous,” former German Foreign Minister Joschka Fischer wrote this week. Germany, he predicted, would pay “the highest economic and political price” if the wave of populism led to a further weakening, or even a collapse, of the EU. Trump’s presidency will challenge Germany on a number of other fronts, from climate and fiscal policy to defense spending and financial regulation. Trump has promised to do what Merkel and her veteran Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble have resisted for years: take advantage of an ultra-low interest rate environment to invest vast amounts of public money in modernizing infrastructure. It was ironic that in the same week Trump was elected, Germany was finalizing a 2017 budget that is a model of fiscal restraint. How long Schaeuble will be able to stick to his cherished “Schwarze Null”, or balanced budget, with Trump demanding that Europe shoulder more responsibility for its own defense, is unclear. But one thing does seem clear: in Trump, Germany faces its biggest test since the fall of the Berlin Wall. “To suggest that Germany has suddenly become the new leader of the western world is not only absurd but dangerous - because it raises expectations that simply can’t ever be met,” a senior German official said. ",1
7291,"Obama, Mexico's Pena Nieto discuss U.S.-Mexico relationship: White House","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama spoke by phone on Monday with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto about the economy, organized crime and migration, the White House said in a statement. The presidents agreed to “take steps to solidify the relationship and institutionalize mechanisms of cooperation,” the White House said. ",1
7292,Ryan says Trump's chief of staff pick is very good sign,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan on Monday praised President-elect Donald Trump’s choice of Republican Party Chairman Reince Priebus for his White House chief of staff as the best choice for getting things done in Congress. “It’s a very, very, very good sign of things to come,” Ryan said in an interview with Wisconsin radio station WBEL. Ryan said he has spoken with Trump almost every day since last Tuesday’s election. “Hiring Reince as his chief of staff is a perfect indication of our new president’s desire to get things done,” Ryan said.         ",1
7293,"Election over, Congress pivots to lame-duck debate over spending","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - With a bitter election campaign finally over, the Congress will reconvene this week to try to set aside its partisan differences long enough to keep the government from closing. As President-elect Donald Trump shapes his administration, Republicans are expected to move away from initial plans for compromise funding legislation and opt instead for a short-term measure to keep the government running into next year, when they will have control of Congress and the White House.   Washington has been operating since Oct. 1 under a temporary “continuing resolution” on the budget. It expires on Dec. 9. Lawmakers will be trying to approve a new one before then. Mired in partisan gridlock, Congress in recent years has seldom completed the entire federal budget process, falling back frequently on stop-gap measures that last a few months. During their “lame-duck” session starting this week, lawmakers will have little time to draft another continuing resolution to cover funding U.S. agencies and military operations. Congress is tentatively set to adjourn by Dec. 17 and has an additional break over the U.S. Thanksgiving holiday. A new Congress will meet in January, with the 100-seat Senate more closely split than before last week’s elections. Neither party will have the 60 votes needed to move legislation easily through the chamber. The voters last Tuesday also preserved the Republican majority in the House of Representatives, though it is slightly smaller, giving the Democrats more power to block the Republicans. Legislation to streamline federal regulations for new drugs could come up during the lame duck session. So could funding for cancer research, precision medicine and treatments for opioid addiction, said congressional aides. Some conservative House Republicans want a budget measure that will expire in March, which would coincide with needed action on the federal debt limit, according to House aides. Others have talked about a continuing resolution that would run until sometime February, giving the new president and Congress enough time to determine their priorities for more comprehensive funding legislation for the remainder of the federal fiscal year, which ends on Sept. 30. Before the election shifted the political center of gravity in favor of Republicans, Republican leaders had talked about crafting funding legislation through negotiations with Democrats and President Barack Obama and approving it before Christmas. ",1
7294,Trump looking at fast ways to quit global climate deal: source,"WASHINGTON/MARRAKESH, Morocco (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump is seeking quick ways to withdraw the United States from a global accord to combat climate change, a source on his transition team said, defying broad global backing for the plan to cut greenhouse gas emissions. Since Trump’s election victory on Tuesday, governments ranging from China to small island states have reaffirmed support for the 2015 Paris agreement during climate talks involving 200 nations set to run until Friday in Marrakesh, Morocco. Trump has called global warming a hoax and has promised to quit the Paris Agreement, which was strongly supported by outgoing Democratic U.S. President Barack Obama. Trump’s advisers are considering ways to bypass a theoretical four-year procedure for leaving the accord, according to the source, who works on Trump’s transition team for international energy and climate policy. “It was reckless for the Paris agreement to enter into force before the election” on Tuesday, the source told Reuters, speaking on condition of anonymity. The Paris accord won enough backing for entry into force on Nov. 4, four days before the election. U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said on Sunday in New Zealand the Obama administration would do everything it could to implement the Paris accord before Trump takes office. The accord says in its Article 28 that any country wanting to pull out after signing on has to wait four years. In theory, the earliest date for withdrawal would be Nov. 4, 2020, around the time of the next U.S. presidential election. The source said the future Trump administration is weighing alternatives to accelerate the pull-out: sending a letter withdrawing from the 1992 international framework accord that is the parent treaty of the Paris Agreement; voiding U.S. involvement in both in a year’s time; or issuing a presidential order simply deleting the U.S. signature from the Paris accord. Withdrawing from the U.N. Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) would be controversial, partly because it was signed by former Republican President George H.W. Bush in 1992 and approved by the U.S. Senate. The action also could antagonize many other countries. [L8N1DB41L] The UNFCCC sets a goal of avoiding “dangerous” man-made damage to the climate to avert more heat waves, downpours, floods, extinctions of animals and plants and rising sea levels. The 2015 Paris Agreement is much more explicit, seeking to phase out net greenhouse gas emissions by the second half of the century and limit global warming to “well below” 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit) above pre-industrial times. Many nations have expressed hope that the United States will stay. But the host of the current round of climate negotiations, Morocco, said the pact that seeks to phase out greenhouse gases in the second half of the century was strong enough to survive a pullout. One party deciding to withdraw would not call the agreement into question, Foreign Minister Salaheddine Mezouar told a news conference. In Beijing on Monday, the foreign ministry spokesman, Geng Shuang, told a regular news briefing that China would like to continue working with all countries, including the United States, in the global fight against climate change.  The agreement was reached by almost 200 nations in December and, as of Saturday, has been formally ratified by 109 representing 76 percent of greenhouse gas emissions, including the United States with 18 percent. The accord seeks to limit rising temperatures that have been linked to increasing economic damage from desertification, extinctions of animals and plants, heat waves, floods and rising sea levels. U.N. climate chief Patricia Espinosa declined to comment on the Trump source’s remarks to Reuters. “The Paris Agreement carries an enormous amount of weight and credibility,” Espinosa told a news conference. She said the United Nations hoped for a strong and constructive relationship with Trump. The Trump source said the president-elect’s transition team is aware of the likely international backlash but said Republicans in the U.S. Congress have given ample warning that a Republican administration would take action to reverse course. “The Republican Party on multiple occasions has sent signals to the international community signaling that it doesn’t agree with the pact. We’ve gone out of our way to give notice,” the source said. The source blamed Obama for joining up by an executive order, without getting approval from the U.S. Senate. “There wouldn’t be this diplomatic fallout on the broader international agenda if Obama hadn’t rushed the adoption,” the source said. ",1
7295,"Trump hires Republican insider, conservative firebrand for White House","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump on Sunday picked Reince Priebus, a Washington insider who heads the Republican National Committee, as White House chief of staff, signaling a willingness to work with Congress to advance his agenda when he takes office in January. But while giving the influential post to the low-key  Priebus, Trump handed another senior White House job to rabble-rousing conservative media figure Stephen Bannon, his campaign chairman who helped engineer his surprise victory on Tuesday over Democrat Hillary Clinton. Priebus is a friend of U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan, who distanced himself from Trump during the campaign but embodies the Republican establishment in Washington and will play a critical role in shepherding Trump’s agenda in Congress. Both Priebus and Ryan are from Wisconsin. But Bannon, former head of the right-wing Breitbart News website, has been fiercely critical of Ryan. Trump’s statement announcing the appointments said Bannon and Priebus would be “working as equal partners to transform the federal government,” with Bannon serving as chief strategist and senior counselor to the president. The White House chief of staff serves as a gatekeeper and agenda-setter for the president, but Trump’s statement mentioned Bannon’s job first. “I am thrilled to have my very successful team continue with me in leading our country,” Trump said in a statement. “Steve and Reince are highly qualified leaders who worked well together on our campaign and led us to a historic victory. Now I will have them both with me in the White House.” Before joining Trump’s team, Bannon spearheaded Breitbart’s shift into a forum for the “alt-right,” a loose online confederation of neo-Nazis, white supremacists and anti-Semitics. Bannon’s hiring by Trump’s campaign this year signaled the businessman’s dedication to operating outside the norms of Washington. Under Bannon’s leadership, the Breitbart site presented a number of conspiracy theories about Clinton as well as Republicans deemed to be lacking in conservative bona fides.  Critics have accused Bannon of harboring anti-Semitic and white nationalist sentiments. In a 2007 court filing during divorce proceedings, Bannon’s former wife accused him of making anti-Semitic comments on at least three occasions.  As head of Breitbart, he repeatedly attacked the Republican Party establishment including Ryan, alienating many veteran Republicans. Bannon showed his willingness to engage in brutal political tactics when he instigated the appearance before a presidential debate of three women who said they had been sexually abused by his Democratic rival’s husband, former President Bill Clinton. Trump, who will succeed Democratic President Barack Obama on Jan. 20, has been contemplating the candidates for top jobs in the White House and in various Cabinet positions since Tuesday’s victory. Priebus’ appointment could anger some hardline Trump supporters who were counting on Trump to keep his campaign promise to “drain the swamp” of business-as-usual Washington insiders. Priebus is a longtime Wisconsin political operative who was credited with marshaling party resources for Trump’s White House bid. The Republican National Committee stepped in and ran most of the party’s get-out-the-vote effort this year in the absence of such an operation by the Trump campaign. While some Republicans fled from Trump during the campaign, Priebus was unwavering in his backing for the New York real estate developer. Priebus frequently traveled with Trump on the campaign trail and was seen as a positive force who helped rein in the unpredictable Trump in the closing weeks. Trump made his high regard for Priebus known on election night when he pulled him to the microphone to take a bow for his campaign efforts. Trump and his advisers already have hedged on some of his major campaign promises, including on immigration, healthcare and appointing a special prosecutor to investigate Clinton. Trump, in an interview that aired on Sunday, backed away from his promise to build a wall on the U.S.-Mexican border, saying some areas could instead be “fencing.” Trump, whose pledge to force Mexico to pay for a border wall was a centerpiece of his White House, said in “certain areas” he would accept fencing instead of a brick-and-mortar wall, according to his interview with the CBS program “60 Minutes.” “But certain areas, a wall is more appropriate. I’m very good at this, it’s called construction, there could be some fencing,” he said. In the “60 Minutes” interview, Trump said Americans alarmed by his election had nothing to fear. “Don’t be afraid. We are going to bring our country back. But certainly, don’t be afraid,” he said. Demonstrators in major U.S. cities took to the streets on Sunday for a fifth straight day to protest against Trump. Trump said in the interview that once he takes office, he would remove immigrants with criminal records who are in the country illegally. During the campaign, Trump said he would deport the estimated 11 million immigrants in the country illegally, most of whom are Hispanic. Ryan on Sunday backed away from Trump’s promise during the campaign of a “deportation force” to round up and deport immigrants in the country illegally. “We are not planning on erecting a deportation force. Donald Trump’s not planning on that,” Ryan told CNN’s “State of the Union” program. “I think we should put people’s minds at ease. That is not what our focus is. That is not what we’re focused on. We’re focused on securing the border.” ",1
7296,U.S. protesters march against Trump presidency for fifth day,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Demonstrators in major U.S. cities took to the streets on Sunday for a fifth straight day to protest President-elect Donald Trump, whose campaign manager said President Barack Obama and Democrat Hillary Clinton should do more to support a peaceful transition. Following several nights of unrest, crowds of people marched in parks in New York City, San Francisco and Oakland, California, according to social media. A few thousand joined a march at the south end of Manhattan’s Central Park, beginning at a Trump property on Columbus Circle and walking toward the real estate mogul’s skyscraper headquarters less than a mile (1.6 km) away. They chanted: “Say it loud, say it clear, immigrants are welcomed here,” and held signs such as “White silence = violence” and “Don’t mourn, organize.”  One protester said demonstrators were reclaiming what the American flag he was holding stood for. “The flag means freedom of speech, freedom of religion, equal protection under the law and other values like diversity, respecting differences, freedom of assembly and freedom of the press,” said Daniel Hayman, 31, of Seattle, who was in New York for work. “We’re trying to reclaim the flag and push forward those values.” Thousands in several cities have demonstrated since the results from Tuesday’s election showed Trump, a Republican, lost the popular tally but secured enough votes in the 538-member Electoral College to win the presidency, surprising the world. Largely peaceful demonstrators in urban areas have said Trump threatens their civil and human rights. They have decried Trump’s often inflammatory campaign rhetoric about illegal immigrants, Muslims and women, as well as allegations, which he denies, that the former reality TV star sexually abused women. Dozens have been arrested, including 71 in Portland, Oregon, on Saturday night, according to police, and a handful of police injured. In San Francisco on Sunday, about 1,000 people marched through Golden Gate Park toward a beach where they chanted: “Let’s make waves.” They held signs such as “I resist racism” and “Down with the Trumps.”  Across the bay in Oakland, thousands of protesters joined a festival-like atmosphere, holding peace signs and blowing soap bubbles in the sunshine. Many had brought their children, aiming to hold hands around the 3.4-mile (5.5-km) circumference of Lake Merritt in a popular urban park. Civil rights groups have monitored violence against U.S. minorities since Trump’s win, citing reports of attacks on women in Islamic head scarves, of racist graffiti and of bullying of immigrant children. They have called on Trump to denounce the attacks. Trump said he was ‘so saddened’ to hear of instances of violence by some of his supporters against minorities, according to a transcript released on Sunday of an interview with the CBS program ‘60 Minutes.’ Kellyanne Conway, Trump’s campaign manager, said on Fox News on Sunday that she was sure many of the protesters were paid professionals, although she offered no proof. Suggesting a double standard, Conway said on NBC’s “Meet the Press” that if Clinton had won the election and Trump supporters had protested, “people would be freaking out that his supporters were not accepting election results.” “It’s time really for President Obama and Secretary Clinton to say to these protesters: ‘This man is our president,’” she said. Republican House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan told CNN on Sunday that protests were protected by the First Amendment as long as they were peaceful.  Neither Obama nor Clinton has called for an end to the protests. Obama told Trump at the White House on Thursday that he was going to help Trump succeed, “because if you succeed, then the country succeeds.” Clinton told supporters at a New York hotel on Wednesday: “Donald Trump is going to be our president. We owe him an open mind and the chance to lead.” Trump on Sunday attacked the New York Times for coverage he said was “very poor and highly inaccurate.”  “The @nytimes sent a letter to their subscribers apologizing for their BAD coverage of me. I wonder if it will change - doubt it?” Trump wrote on Twitter. The newspaper published a letter in Sunday’s editions from publisher Arthur Sulzberger and executive editor Dean Baquet, not apologizing, but thanking readers for their loyalty and asking how news outlets underestimated Trump’s support. The Times plans to “hold power to account, impartially and unflinchingly” during the Trump presidency, they wrote. ",1
7297,"Factbox: Trump taps Priebus as chief of staff, weighs other major hires","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump chose Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus as White House chief of staff and named Stephen Bannon, former head of the conservative web site Breitbart News, as his chief strategist and senior counselor. Trump, who will take office on Jan. 20 and succeed Democratic President Barack Obama, will also look to fill other top administration jobs in the coming weeks. Below are people mentioned as contenders for senior roles. * Bob Corker, Tennessee senator and chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee * John Bolton, former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations under President George W. Bush * Newt Gingrich, Republican former U.S. House Speaker * Zalmay Khalilzad, former U.S. ambassador to Iraq * Jeb Hensarling, Texas Republican congressman and chairman of the House Financial Services Committee * Steven Mnuchin, former Goldman Sachs executive and Trump’s campaign finance chairman * Jamie Dimon, JPMorgan Chase & Co chief executive officer * Tom Barrack, founder and chairman of Colony Capital Inc * Lieutenant General Michael Flynn, former director of the Defense Intelligence Agency  * Stephen Hadley, former national security adviser under President George W. Bush * Jon Kyl, former Republican senator from Arizona * Jeff Sessions, Republican senator from Alabama and early Trump supporter, member of the Senate Armed Services Committee * Kelly Ayotte, outgoing Republican senator from New Hampshire and member of the Senate Armed Services Committee * Duncan Hunter, Republican congressman from California and  early Trump supporter, member of House Armed Services Committee * Jim Talent, former Republican senator from Missouri who was on the Senate Armed Services Committee  * Rudy Giuliani, Republican former mayor of New York City * Jeff Sessions, senior member of the Senate Judiciary Committee who takes a hard line on immigration * Chris Christie, Republican New Jersey governor * Pam Bondi, Republican Florida Attorney General  * Trey Gowdy, Republican congressman from South Carolina who headed the House committee that investigated the 2012 attacks on the U.S. mission in Benghazi, Libya * Ben Carson, former neurosurgeon and 2016 Republican presidential candidate * Newt Gingrich * Rich Bagger, former pharmaceutical executive and former top aide to New Jersey Governor Chris Christie * Bobby Jindal, former Louisiana governor  * Michael McCaul, U.S. Republican congressman from Texas and chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee * David Clarke, Milwaukee county sheriff and vocal Trump supporter  * Joe Arpaio, outgoing Maricopa County, Arizona, sheriff who campaigned for Trump  * Myron Ebell, a climate change skeptic at the libertarian Competitive Enterprise Institute who is overseeing environmental policy on Trump’s transition team * Robert Grady, venture capitalist, partner in private equity firm Gryphon Investors  * Leslie Rutledge, Arkansas attorney general * Carol Comer, commissioner of the Indiana Department of Environmental Management * Harold Hamm, Oklahoma oil and gas mogul, CEO of Continental Resources Inc * James Connaughton, CEO of Nautilus Data Technologies and a former environmental adviser to President George W. Bush * Robert Grady * Sarah Palin, Republican former Alaska governor who ran for vice president in 2008 * Jan Brewer, former Arizona governor * Forrest Lucas, founder of oil products company Lucas Oil * Harold Hamm * Robert Grady * Linda McMahon, former world Wrestling Entertainment executive and two-time Senate candidate * Lieutenant General Michael Flynn * Mike Rogers, Republican former congressman from Michigan who chaired the House Intelligence Committee * Pete Hoekstra, Republican former congressman from Michigan * Lieutenant General Michael Flynn * Stephen Hadley * Kelly Ayotte * Richard Grenell, former spokesman for the United States at the United Nations  * Peter King, Republican congressman from New York * Dan DiMicco, former chief executive of steel producer Nucor Corp * Jeff Miller, retiring congressman from Florida and chairman of the Veterans Affairs committee ",1
7298,For-profit colleges could prosper under Trump: Barron's,"(Reuters) - For-profit education stocks have surged on expectations that President-elect Donald Trump and a Republican Congress may ease regulations imposed on the industry by the Obama administration, Barron’s said in a report. Stocks such as Grand Canyon Education, DeVry Education Group and Capella Education rose about 14 percent last week. Trump won an upset victory in Tuesday’s presidential election.  Jeff Silber at BMO Capital Markets said Trump’s election could be good news for for-profit education companies, according to Barron’s. A federal court trial in San Diego is set to begin on Nov. 28 over claims by former students of now-defunct Trump University that they were defrauded by a series of real estate seminars. A Trump lawyer has requested that the trial be delayed until after Trump’s inauguration on Jan. 20. Trump denies the students’ allegations.  ",1
7299,Zuckerberg again rejects claims of Facebook impact on U.S. election,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Facebook Inc chief executive Mark Zuckerberg again rejected the idea that the social network affected the U.S. presidential election, saying late Saturday it is “extremely unlikely” news hoaxes changed the outcome. Ensnared in a string of content controversies in recent months, Facebook has insisted that it is a technology company, not a media firm. But scrutiny of the site has heightened since the surprise election of Republican Donald Trump on Tuesday, with critics alleging the site helped spread lies via fake news stories and hoaxes.  Zuckerberg has vehemently defended the network against such criticism, calling the idea that Facebook affected the election  “crazy” at a conference on Thursday. He echoed that stance in his late Saturday post, though he said the company would do more to prevent fake news.  Such hoaxes represent a sliver of content shared on Facebook and because they are not limited to partisan views or politics, it is unlikely they could have changed the election’s outcome, Zuckerberg said. “Of all the content on Facebook, more than 99 percent of what people see is authentic,” he said, noting the network’s goal is to “give every person a voice.” Still, Facebook has launched work to enable people to flag hoaxes and fake news, the statement said. Facebook has faced a number of content controversies this year, including international outcry after it removed an iconic Vietnam War photo due to nudity, a decision that was later reversed. The thorniest content issues are decided by a group of top executives at Facebook. Questions over content policing have returned to the fore in the tense days since the election, which has led to protests against Trump and his proposed policies in major U.S. cities. Ahead of the Nov. 8 election, Facebook users saw fake news reports erroneously alleging that Pope Francis endorsed Donald Trump and that a federal agent who had been investigating Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton was found dead. Senior management have launched a conversation to examine Facebook’s involvement in affecting opinions and votes, The New York Times reported on Saturday, saying a group of vice presidents and executives began discussing late Tuesday the company’s role in the election’s outcome.  Facebook’s policy team was called together and the firm plans to address staff concerns at a broader meeting, the paper reported, citing anonymous sources.  Facebook representatives were not immediately available to comment on the report. “After the election, many people are asking whether fake news contributed to the result, and what our responsibility is to prevent fake news from spreading,” Zuckerberg said on Saturday.  “These are very important questions and I care deeply about getting them right.” ",1
7300,Trump University asks for trial delay until after inauguration,"CHICAGO (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump has requested that a trial over a lawsuit by former students of his now-defunct Trump University be put on hold until after the presidential inauguration, according to a motion filed by his lawyer late Saturday. A trial in federal court in San Diego over former Trump University students’ claims that they were defrauded by a series of real-estate seminars is scheduled to begin on Nov. 28, but Trump lawyer Daniel Petrocelli said the president-elect needs to “devote all of his time and attention to the transition process.” Trump is due to assume office on Jan. 20, 2017.  “The 69 days until inauguration are critical and all-consuming,” Petrocelli said in the filing, arguing that the president-elect should not be required to stand trial during that time. Petrocelli had said at a hearing in San Diego on Thursday that he would request the delay, though U.S. District Judge Gonzalo Curiel, who is overseeing the lawsuit, told lawyers he was not inclined to put off the six-year-old case further and encouraged the parties to settle. The lawsuit involves students who claim they were lured by false promises to pay up to $35,000 to learn Trump’s real estate investing “secrets” from his “hand-picked” instructors. Trump owned 92 percent of Trump University and had control over all major decisions, the students’ court papers say. The president-elect denies the allegations and has argued that he relied on others to manage the business.  Curiel also tentatively rejected last week a bid by the president-elect to keep a wide range of statements from the presidential campaign, which included attacks against Curiel himself, out of the fraud trial.  Trump attacked the judge as biased against him. He claimed Curiel, who was born in Indiana but is of Mexican descent, could not be impartial because of Trump’s election campaign pledge to build a wall between the United States and Mexico.  Trump’s lawyers have argued that Curiel should bar from the trial accusations about Trump’s personal conduct including alleged sexual misconduct, his taxes and corporate bankruptcies, along with speeches and tweets. Curiel is presiding over two cases against Trump and the university. A separate lawsuit by New York’s attorney general is pending. While presidents enjoy immunity from lawsuits arising from their official duties, the U.S. Supreme Court has held that this shield does not extend to acts alleged to have taken place prior to taking office. ",1
7301,Clinton blames FBI's Comey for her defeat in call with donors,"NEW YORK/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Hillary Clinton blamed FBI director James Comey for her stunning defeat in Tuesday’s presidential election in a conference call with her top campaign funders on Saturday, according to two participants who were on the call.  Clinton was projected by nearly every national public opinion poll as the heavy favorite going into Tuesday’s race. Instead, Republican Donald Trump won the election, shocking many throughout the nation and prompting widespread protests. Clinton has kept a low profile since her defeat after delivering her concession speech on Wednesday morning.  Clinton told her supporters on Saturday that her team had drafted a memo that looked at the changing opinion polls leading up to the election and that the letter from Comey proved to be a turning point. She said Comey’s decision to go public with the renewed examination of her email server had caused an erosion of support in the upper Midwest, according to three people familiar with the call. Clinton lost in Wisconsin, the first time since 1984 that the state favored the Republican candidate in a presidential election. Although the final result in Michigan has still not been tallied, it is leaning Republican, in a state that last favored the Republican nominee in 1988. Comey sent a letter to Congress only days before the election announcing that he was reinstating an investigation into whether Clinton mishandled classified information when she used a private email server while secretary of state from 2009 to 2012.  Comey announced a week later that he had reviewed emails and continued to believe she should not be prosecuted, but the political damage was already done. Clinton told donors that Trump was able to seize on both of Comey’s announcements and use them to attack her, according to two participants on the call. While the second letter cleared her of wrongdoing, Clinton said that it reinforced to Trump’s supporters that the system was rigged in her favor and motivated them to mobilize on Election Day. The memo prepared by Clinton’s campaign, a copy of which was seen by Reuters, said voters who decided which candidate to support in the last week were more likely to support Trump than Clinton. “In the end, late breaking developments in the race proved one hurdle too many for us to overcome,” the memo concludes. A spokesperson for the FBI could not immediately be reached for comment. On the phone call, Dennis Chang, who served as Clinton’s finance chair, said her campaign and the national party had raised more than $900 million from more than 3 million individual donors, according to the two participants who spoke to Reuters. As Clinton gave her account to donors, Trump hunkered down at Trump Tower with members of the transition team announced on Friday and tasked with selecting the 15 Cabinet posts and thousands of political appointment jobs. Kellyanne Conway, who served as his campaign manager, said on Saturday that the an announcement of a new chief of staff is “imminent.” Two candidates whose names have surfaced as contenders for the top White House job are campaign CEO Steve Bannon and Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus. Trump will deliver a speech about his plans moving forward in the coming days and may undertake a national victory tour, Conway said, without providing further details. He will be sworn in on January 20. The president-elect plans to keep his communication channels open. In an interview with CBS’ “60 Minutes” that will air on Sunday, Trump said he isn’t ready to give up his Twitter account, where he routinely posted controversial statements during the campaign that unleashed harsh criticism.  “I’m going to be very restrained, if I use it at all, I’m going to be very restrained,” Trump said.  ",1
7302,Britain's Brexit firebrand Farage meets Trump in New York,"NEW YORK/LONDON (Reuters) - Leading Brexit campaigner Nigel Farage visited Donald Trump at his home on Saturday, after suggesting he could act as a go-between to help smooth British relations with the U.S. president-elect. British Prime Minister Theresa May is not expected to meet the incoming leader until early next year and Farage has suggested her criticisms of Trump in the early days of the campaign could damage ties with Washington.     “We’re just tourists!” Farage, head of the UK Independence Party (UKIP), told reporters as he waited for an elevator to take him up to the meeting at Trump Tower in New York City. He later tweeted a photograph of himself with Trump standing in front of a pair of golden doors and smiling broadly, the president-elect giving the camera a thumbs-up. “It was a great honor to spend time with @realDonaldTrump,” Farage tweeted. “He was relaxed and full of good ideas. I’m confident he will be a good President.”     Trump’s election campaign manager Kellyanne Conway said: “I think they enjoy each other’s company, and they actually had a chance to talk about freedom and winning and what this all means for the world.”  In a separate photograph posted on Twitter, UKIP donor Arron Banks, Breitbart London Editor in Chief Raheem Kassam, and Gerry Gunster, an American whose advocacy firm worked on the Brexit campaign, were also pictured with Trump and Farage.  May - who spoke to Trump by phone on Thursday - and her predecessor David Cameron last year described Trump as “divisive” and “wrong” over his call to ban Muslims from entering the United States. At that time he was not considered likely to win the presidency. In a leaked diplomatic telegram, sent on Nov. 9 and printed in the Sunday Times newspaper, Britain’s ambassador to Washington, Kim Darroch, said he believed Britain had built better relationships with Trump’s team than other foreign diplomats. “(Trump) is above all an outsider and an unknown quantity, whose campaign pronouncements may reveal his instincts, but will surely evolve and, particularly, be open to outside influence if pitched right,” he said. “We should be well placed to do this.” While the British government has congratulated Trump on his election, the head of the opposition, Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn, said he should “grow up” on the immigration issue and recognize that the U.S. economy depends on migrant workers.  “The treatment of Mexico by the United States, just as much as its absurd and abusive language towards Muslims, is something that has to be challenged and should be challenged,” Corbyn, whose wife is Mexican, told the BBC on Sunday. UKIP, which has only one member of parliament in London, said Farage and Trump spent more than an hour discussing Trump’s victory, global politics and Brexit. A UKIP official has suggested Farage could even be the next ambassador to the United States, but British media reported that May’s office rejected the idea of any role for Farage, citing unnamed sources who described him as an “irrelevance”. A day after Trump’s election victory, Farage called on the real estate mogul to reverse “loathsome” Barack Obama’s policy by making Britain his top priority.  Farage said he had been pleased at Trump’s “very positive reaction” to the idea that a bust of former British prime minister Winston Churchill be put back in the Oval Office. He has also joked about sexual assault allegations against Trump, urging him to “schmooze” May but not touch her. He proposed that in any meetings between the British and American leaders, he could attend to be the “responsible adult to make sure everything is OK.”     Farage, who spoke at a Trump rally during the election campaign, had predicted the former reality TV host would tap into the same dissatisfaction among voters that led to Britain deciding on June 23 to leave the European Union. Trump made repeated references to Brexit during his campaign, saying it had highlighted the desire for change among voters frustrated with traditional politics. (Story refiles to add dropped word “the” in first paragraph.) ",1
7303,Obama officials work against time to wrap banking rules,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. officials are striving to put finishing touches on a slew of banking rules before President Barack Obama leaves office and hands regulatory power to Donald Trump who has vowed to rewrite the existing financial rule book. President-elect Trump will take over on Jan. 20 and his fellow Republicans will have control of Congress and government agencies, allowing the new administration to block or roll back many of the last-minute changes. But by completing far-advanced work on some banking standards in the next 10 weeks, Obama officials would raising the chances that some elements of the regulatory framework will survive. Some rules are meant to flesh out the Dodd Frank Act of 2010 designed to prevent the next global financial crisis. Trump campaigned on a pledge to scrap the law but now he says only some provisions must go to lighten the regulatory burden. The Federal Reserve is working on rules to govern matters such as executive pay, market stability and what investments Wall Street may hold. Last month, Securities and Exchange Commission Chair Mary Jo White said her agency would “in the near term” finish a rule on one thorny issue: how mutual funds manage derivatives. The SEC and bank regulators have also for years struggled to finalize a rule that would tie more banker pay to the long-term health of their firms rather than short-term performance of Wall Street firms. With only about 40 working days until the handover, it is not clear which, if any, of those standards will get across the finishing line. “Just look at the calendar,” said Tom Quaadman of the Chamber of Commerce. “These are intricate rules and there’s not much time.” The executive pay rule exemplifies the challenge. Six federal agencies have a say on the compensation standard meant as part of Dodd Frank and a final draft has not yet been offered, industry officials told Reuters. It would be nearly impossible to circulate a final rule and get the agencies to endorse it while still satisfying standards for clearing such paperwork, several lobbyists who have opposed the rule said. Banking regulators declined to comment on when the compensation rule might be completed. Simple logistics also pose a challenge. New federal rules come into force once they have been published in the Federal Register and employees there typically need several days to typeset a rule. That means Obama officials need to lodge paperwork with the Federal Register at the beginning of the inauguration week at the latest. Some sixteen copy editors are due to forego leave and be on hand in the coming weeks to process final rules expected from dozens of agencies, said an official familiar with the operation, but not authorized to speak to the media. “These days, people do not spend a lot of time hanging around the coffee maker,” he said. Some freshly-minted rules also face the prospect of getting erased under a 1996 law known as the Congressional Review Act, which allows Congress to block a regulation within 60 working days of being drafted. One such rule allows students who were defrauded by for-profit colleges to seek loan forgiveness. The Department of Education finalized it days before the Nov. 8 election, meaning Republicans who have raised objections to it will have a chance to block it. President George W. Bush was the first to trigger the Review Act when he block labor regulations that his predecessor Bill Clinton had enacted at the end of his term. ",1
7304,U.S. to push ahead on climate pact before Trump takes over: Kerry,"WELLINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said on Sunday the Obama administration would do everything it could to implement a global agreement to combat climate change before President-elect Donald Trump takes office. Kerry made the comments during a visit to New Zealand just before setting off to Marrakesh, Morocco to take part in climate talks between 200 nations. Donald Trump, who calls global warming a hoax and has promised to quit the Paris Agreement, was considering ways to bypass a theoretical four-year procedure for leaving the accord, according to a source on Trump’s transition team. Kerry declined to speculate on what Trump might do about the Paris Agreement and noted that there was sometimes a difference between campaigning and governing.  But the top American diplomat was clear he thought further action to prevent climate change should be a priority. “The evidence is mounting in ways that people in public life should not dare to avoid accepting as a mandate for action,” Kerry told journalists at a press conference in Wellington with New Zealand Prime Minister John Key “Until January 20 when this administration is over, we intend to do everything possible to meet our responsibility to future generations to be able to address this threat to life itself on the planet.” Kerry’s visit to Wellington followed a two-day trip to Antarctica where he flew in a helicopter over the West Antarctic Ice Sheet, which would add to rising sea levels if it melts, and spoke to scientists researching how fast climate change is likely to occur. The U.S. accounts for just under 20 percent of global greenhouse gas emissions so is considered a key player in the Paris Agreement, which has been ratified by 109 countries so far. The accord seeks to limit rising temperatures that have been linked to increasing economic damage from desertification, extinctions of animals and plants, heat waves, floods and rising sea levels.       ",1
7305,Abe aims to underscore importance of Japan-U.S. alliance with Trump,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe aims to underscore the importance of the Japan-U.S. alliance when he meets President-elect Donald Trump on Thursday, Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida said on Sunday. “This is going to be an important meeting to build trust,” Kishida told public broadcaster NHK. “We also would like to use this opportunity to input the importance of the Japan-U.S. alliance, as well.” With Abe set to meet Trump in New York on his way to an Asia-Pacific summit in Peru, Tokyo has been seeking clarity on what direction the Republican political novice wants for bilateral relations after he made comments on the campaign trail that were at odds with longstanding policies. Kishida reiterated Japan’s long-standing position that it has no plans to possess nuclear weapons. During his campaign, Trump left open the possibility that Japan - the only country to have suffered a nuclear bombing - might adopt nuclear weapons. “I don’t believe Japan will possess nuclear arms. This principle won’t change,” Kishida said. Trump’s campaign comments on Japan’s nuclear armament and his demand that Japan pay more for the upkeep of U.S. forces on its soil have worried Tokyo about a possible rift in a security alliance with Washington that has been the bedrock of its defense since World War Two. Defence Minister Tomomi Inada told the same NHK program that Japan is already shouldering enough financial burden to support U.S. troops deployed in Japan.  “Japan is making sufficient contribution,” she said. “I would like to continue underscoring that Japan is going to strengthen its own defense posture both in quality and quantity, strengthen the Japan-U.S. alliance and strengthen ties with other relevant countries.” ",1
7306,Turkey issues warning over travel to U.S. after Trump protests,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey warned its citizens about travel to the United States on Saturday in response to what the foreign ministry called increasingly violent protests against President-elect Donald Trump. “Within the context of risks caused by the incidents and of social tension, our citizens who live in the U.S., or who are considering traveling there, should be cautious,” the ministry said in a statement. Demonstrators planned to gather again on Saturday in U.S. cities nationwide to protest against Trump, whose election they say poses a threat to their civil and human rights, a day after a protester was shot in Portland, Oregon. Last month, the U.S. State Department updated its travel warning on Turkey, ordering family members of consulate employees in Istanbul to leave the country, citing threats against U.S. citizens. There has been growing tension between the two NATO allies after repeated calls from Turkey to extradite U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen, who Ankara blames for a failed coup in July. Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said on Wednesday he hoped for an improvement in bilateral ties after Trump’s victory, and again called for Gulen’s extradition. ",1
7307,Some Republicans see attacking Obamacare through regulation,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Congressional Republicans are looking for the quickest ways to tear down Obamacare following Donald Trump’s election as U.S. president, including rapidly confirming a new health secretary who could recast regulations while waiting for lawmakers to pass sweeping repeal legislation. Trump’s victory on Tuesday means Republicans will control the White House, Senate and House of Representatives. But congressional Democrats are expected to put up a huge fight against Republican efforts to repeal the 2010 law considered President Barack Obama’s signature domestic policy achievement. The Affordable Care Act, dubbed Obamacare, has provided 25 million previously uninsured Americans with health coverage. Republicans have launched repeated legal and legislative efforts to dismantle the law, which they call a government overreach. Wyoming Senator John Barrasso, a member of Senate Republican leadership, said one way for the incoming president and Congress to attack Obamacare immediately after Trump takes office on Jan. 20 would be to quickly confirm a new secretary of Health and Human Services, the official who writes the rules and regulations that enforce the law. “We could confirm someone on Jan. 20 who could come in immediately and could be working right now on rewriting rules and regulations to give more freedom and choice to the states, to insurance companies and to businesses that are trying to provide affordable care to their workers,” Barrasso said in a telephone interview. Barrasso noted that the Senate needs only a simple majority vote in the 100-seat chamber to confirm Cabinet members, as opposed to 60 votes to overcome procedural hurdles the Democrats could present to repeal legislation. Passing repeal legislation “is not a ‘Day One’ activity. But a new secretary of HHS going after the regulations can be a ‘Day One’ activity,” Barrasso added. Trump during the campaign called Obamacare “a disaster” and joined fellow Republicans in vowing to repeal and replace it with proposals like tax-free health savings accounts. His transition website says Trump wants a solution that “returns the historic role in regulating health insurance to the states.” In repealing Obamacare, congressional Republican may have to resort to a special procedure known as reconciliation to get around Democrats in the Senate, where rules protect the rights of the minority party. Republicans in Congress used reconciliation to try to undo large chunks of Obamacare in January, but Obama vetoed the legislation. The bill would have wiped out tax subsidies provided to help people afford insurance coverage, as well as tax penalties on people who do not obtain insurance as required by the law, and would have eliminated expansion of the Medicaid insurance health insurance program.  Republican Representative Chris Collins of New York, one of Trump’s earliest supporters on Capitol Hill, said he hopes Congress can pass a similar bill gutting Obamacare within Trump’s first 100 days in office, a promise Trump made during the presidential campaign. But some changes will doubtless be phased in over time, Collins said. “There’s nothing that we will be able to do or would want to do that would impact anyone’s health insurance plan for 2017,” Collins said in an interview. “From a replacement standpoint, our position has always been as Republicans to move forward in a step-by-step fashion,” Barrasso said. In an interview with the Wall Street Journal published on Friday, Trump said he was considering retaining parts of Obamacare including provisions letting parents keep adult children up to age 26 on their insurance policies and barring insurers from denying coverage to people with pre-existing medical conditions. While waiting for Congress to act on legislation, the new HHS secretary could be reworking Obamacare regulations, Barrasso said. For example, regulations could give U.S. states more flexibility under a provision that lets states seek waivers from key provisions of the law, such as exemptions from the so-called individual mandate requiring Americans to obtain insurance and the employer mandate to provide it. Kim Monk, an analyst at Capital Alpha Partners, which provides policy research to financial institutions, said Trump’s HHS might be able to tighten up the rules governing special enrollment periods for Obamacare. Insurers complain that these periods have allowed some people who initially skipped buying insurance to sign up after becoming ill. HHS might also be able to alter the language on “essential benefits” that the law requires insurance plans to cover, which include trips to the emergency room, maternity and newborn care, and mental health services, Monk said. “The law requires they have to cover 10 essential health benefit categories, but how that gets defined, a lot of that is interpretative,” Monk said. “And of course, everything the Obama administration interpreted was more, more, more, more expensive coverage, and all these things lead to premium increases.” Collins, a member of the Trump transition team’s executive committee, said the job of HHS secretary or surgeon general “would be great for Ben Carson,” referring to the neurosurgeon who ran unsuccessfully for the Republican presidential nomination and later endorsed Trump. ",1
7308,"Trump threat fires up U.S. climate activists, draws in more","(Reuters) - Seattle financial worker Harrison Karlewicz had been considering joining an environmental activist group for a while. The day after Donald Trump won the White House, he signed up. “That was a big push for me, kind of a wakeup call,” the 25-year-old said, after joining 350 Seattle, a group that stages mass protests against fossil fuel use. “I thought, ‘I don’t feel involved. I want to get out there.’” During his campaign, Trump said global warming was a hoax and called for the Environmental Protection Agency to be gutted. He promised to “cancel” the Paris climate agreement between the United States and nearly 200 other countries to slow climate change, and he pledged to revive the coal industry. Karlewicz represents what environmental activists say is the silver lining of Trump’s electoral victory: Environmentally minded people angered by the outcome are rallying to their cause. At 350 Seattle, people packed a volunteer drop-in meeting  after news of Trump’s confirmed win, said organizer Emily Johnston. The group blocked a rail line in Washington state that transports oil to Shell and Tesoro refineries earlier this year.      “This was surprising to me, because I personally was so shaken that I felt practically paralyzed, and I know many other people did, too,” Johnston said. “The fact that many others responded by immediately engaging is incredibly heartening.” Jay O’Hara, a Vermont-based climate-change activist with the Climate Disobedience Center and a mastermind behind a coal shipment blockade in 2013 that spurred more radical fossil fuel activism, said Trump’s win represents an opportunity for environmentalists to focus on a clear enemy. “In some ways, it can almost be seen as a relief,” he said of Trump’s win. “We are going to have a real fight here, or maybe an actual argument.” Johnston, of 350 Seattle, who camped for a week at North Dakota’s Standing Rock Sioux reservation to protest pipeline construction, said that protesters would continue to take advantage of the vulnerability of energy infrastructure. “All these pipelines, all these tankers, all these trains have to go through thousands of miles” and could be potential protest targets, she said. Some of the well established national environmental organizations that helped draft the Obama administration’s environmental initiatives, like the Clean Power Plan to curb carbon dioxide emissions, will be shifting to a defensive posture under Trump’s leadership. “We’ll be in the Congress, in the courts, in the boardrooms and in the streets,” said Gene Karpinski, president of the Washington-based League of Conservation Voters, which backed Trump’s Democratic rival Hillary Clinton and spent over $45 million to support candidates in the 2016 elections. Karpinski said he expected legal action to prevent Trump from following through on his agenda.  Trump has appointed Myron Ebell, a known climate skeptic, to guide the reshaping of the EPA, and Trump energy adviser Kevin Cramer, a U.S. representative from North Dakota, said Trump is likely to target the Clean Power Plan and Waters of the United States rules during his first 100 days in office. Dan Farber, an environmental law professor at the University of California, Berkeley School of Law, said the best that advocates for climate change action could hope for from  courts is to “play successful defense against an anti-environmental onslaught” from the new administration.     “It’s a fairly grim situation,” he added. Several groups also said they would put a greater focus on state-level environmental initiatives to sidestep Trump’s administration.  The Sierra Club, which is headquartered in California, said it would push ahead with its Beyond Coal campaign, which has led to the retirement of hundreds of coal plants since it was launched more than a decade ago. The campaign mobilizes local activists and lawyers to push utilities and state regulators to shutter older plants and replace them with renewable energy.  “Clearly, we are going to have to fight and resist the worst impulses of the next administration,” said Michael Brune, Sierra Club’s executive director. “But we are also mindful that despite all odds, we were able to make great progress during the Bush administration and we hope to do it again.” ",1
7309,"Anti-Trump protesters gather for third night, one shot in Portland","MIAMI (Reuters) - Thousands of protesters took their frustrations over Donald Trump’s election as the next U.S. president onto the streets on Friday and into Saturday in several cities, including Portland, Oregon, where one protester was shot. The unidentified man was wounded on Portland’s Morrison Bridge at 12:45 a.m. local time as he and dozens of other protesters crossed it during their demonstration, one of several across the country denouncing Trump’s campaign rhetoric about immigrants, Muslims and women. In the Portland incident, police said in a statement that a man got out of a vehicle on the bridge where he confronted and then shot a protester, who was taken to hospital with non-life threatening injuries. The suspect is still at large, police added. Earlier in the night, protesters blocked traffic and threw objects at Portland police dressed in riot gear who responded with pepper spray and flash-bang devices. At one point, police pushed protesters back and appeared to take at least one person into custody, according to footage on a local NBC affiliate.  Hundreds of protesters also marched through the streets of Los Angeles, blocking traffic as they waved signs in opposition of Trump and chanted “We reject the president elect” and “Whose streets? Our Streets”.  Several thousand activists marched through downtown Miami, with a few hundred making their way onto a highway, halting traffic in both directions. In New York, demonstrators again gathered in Washington Square Park and by Trump Tower, where the Republican president-elect lives, on Fifth Avenue. Trump, who initially denounced Americans who protested against his election, saying they had been “incited” by the media, reversed course and praised them on Friday. “Love the fact that the small groups of protesters last night have passion for our great country. We will all come together and be proud!” Trump said on Twitter. The tweets were further evidence of Trump’s mixed messages since he announced his candidacy 17 months ago. After Democrat Hillary Clinton conceded defeat early on Wednesday, he took a far more conciliatory tone than he had often displayed during his campaign and promised to be a president for all Americans.  Anti-Trump demonstrators have voiced concerns that his presidency, due to start on Jan. 20, would infringe on Americans’ civil and human rights.  They cited his campaign promises to restrict immigration and register Muslims, as well as allegations the former reality-TV star sexually abused women. Protesters in various cities have chanted slogans, including “No hate! No fear! Immigrants are welcome here!” and carried signs reading “Impeach Trump”. White supremacist groups including the Ku Klux Klan (KKK) have praised Trump’s election, and some civil rights advocacy groups have reported a spike of attacks on minorities following Trump’s victory on Tuesday. Trump has rejected the KKK’s support. Most of the protests across the country, which have also taken place in Washington, D.C., have been largely comprised of young adults and college students. With the country evenly divided, many voters were shocked by the result given that opinion polls failed to predict Trump’s triumph. The Republican Party also managed to maintain its majorities in both houses of Congress in Tuesday’s vote. More anti-Trump demonstrations were planned for the weekend, including in New York and Los Angeles. A group calling itself “#NotMyPresident” has scheduled an anti-Trump rally for Washington on Jan. 20, Inauguration Day, when the New York real-estate developer formally succeeds President Barack Obama. Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus acknowledged on Friday the tight race with Clinton, but said anti-Trump protesters have to accept the election results. He pointed to Trump’s call for unity and meetings on Thursday with Obama and Republican leaders as reasons for reassurance. Security barricades now shield some of Trump’s most visible properties, including the newly opened Trump International Hotel near the White House and Trump Tower in New York. Trump’s base of support in the election was the broad middle of the country, with voters in states that had long supported Democrats shifting to him after he promised to renegotiate trade deals with other countries. ",1
7310,One person shot in Portland as anti-Trump protesters cross bridge: police,"(Reuters) - One person was shot at an anti-Trump demonstration in Portland on Saturday as protesters crossed the Morrison Bridge, police said.   “Everyone needs to leave the area immediately,” police said on Twitter, and they asked witnesses to come forward. ",1
7311,Trump packs transition team with loyalists and family,"WASHINGTON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump began laying the groundwork on Friday to take office on Jan. 20, 2017, gathering the most loyal advisers from his insurgent campaign and three of his children to plot his transition strategy. Trump put Vice President-elect Mike Pence in charge of his White House transition team, while demoting his former transition chief, tarnished New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, to one of the six vice-chair posts.  Daughter Ivanka and sons Eric and Donald Jr. and son-in-law Jared Kushner accounted for a fourth of the 16-member executive committee, which was filled with politicians and advisers who stuck with Trump during his rollercoaster first run for public office.  Aides huddled in the real-estate mogul’s Trump Tower in New York City to begin prioritizing policy changes and considering Cabinet picks and other candidates for the 4,000 positions he will need to fill shortly after he takes the reins of the White House. A member of the Trump transition team told Reuters there were more than 100 people now involved in developing “white papers” on what regulations to roll back after Jan. 20. Some environmental measures and a rule requiring retirement advisers to act in their clients’ interests could be among the first on the chopping block, an industry lobbying source said. Trump promised during his campaign to cut taxes, clamp down on immigration and repeal President Barack Obama’s signature Affordable Care Act, popularly known as Obamacare.  But in interviews with the Wall Street Journal and CBS “60 Minutes” on Friday, he said he was open to keeping some provisions of Obamacare. James Woolsey, a former CIA director who has advised Trump on foreign policy, said several of Trump’s campaign promises were “advocacy of a general direction” that may require compromise - including his signature pledge to build a wall on the border with Mexico. Woolsey told CNN that border security could be achieved with a combination of fence and wall. “I don’t think we ought to fall on our sword about the difference between a wall and fence. Maybe this will be cheaper because it’s mainly fence, but it’s a good fence. I wouldn’t have any problem with that myself,” he said. Trump, a billionaire real estate magnate, also moved on Friday to extricate himself from his sprawling business empire, which will be overseen by his three grown children on the transition team.  His company said it was vetting new business structures for the transfer of control to the three and the arrangement would not violate conflict-of-interest laws. But government ethics experts said the move would fall short of blind trust standards and was unlikely to prevent potential conflicts of interest. Trump said that Pence - who has strong ties to Republican leaders in Congress - will build on work done by Christie and has the mission of assembling “the most highly qualified group of successful leaders who will be able to implement our change agenda in Washington.”  Christie, once viewed as a top candidate for attorney general, is dealing with political fallout from the ‘Bridgegate’ lane closure scandal. Former New York mayor Rudy Giuliani is now the leading contender for the top law enforcement job, according to two sources familiar with the discussions.   Trump’s campaign spent relatively little time on transition planning during the campaign, and even his Republican supporters had been bracing for a loss to Democratic rival Hillary Clinton in Tuesday’s election. “I was on Romney’s transition team, and it was a well-oiled machine months before the election. Now there’s a scramble,” said one Republican source, referring to the party’s 2012 presidential nominee, Mitt Romney. Since Tuesday, dozens of possible cabinet appointees have been floated, from grassroots conservative heroes like Sarah Palin to seasoned Washington hands like David Malpass. During his campaign, many establishment Republicans condemned Trump’s racially inflammatory rhetoric as well as his attacks on trade deals and the NATO alliance, which could take many traditional names out of the running. But outgoing Republican Senator Kelly Ayotte - who had distanced herself from Trump at points in her unsuccessful reelection campaign in New Hampshire - was being floated as a potential defense secretary on Friday, the Washington Post reported. Trump’s relatively small cadre of steadfast supporters is expected to play a prominent role in his administration. Campaign sources say Alabama Senator Jeff Sessions could serve as Defense Secretary, former House Speaker Newt Gingrich might be named as Secretary of State and retired General Michael Flynn could serve as national security adviser.  Those three, along with Giuliani and retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson, were named as vice chairs of the transition team. Republican National Committee chairman Reince Priebus is a strong candidate for White House chief of staff, according to sources close to the campaign. Trump campaign CEO Steve Bannon, a conservative provocateur, is also being considered for the job. As Trump mulled his team, demonstrators hit the streets in major cities for the third straight night to denounce his election and the inflammatory campaign rhetoric on immigrants, Muslims and women. Thousands marched through Miami, Atlanta, Philadelphia, New York and San Francisco as night fell. Trump appears to be leaning toward seasoned Republicans for many economic positions. David Malpass, a former Treasury and State Department official, and Paul Atkins, a former Securities and Exchange Commission official, are guiding the transition team on economic issues. “This is one area where the most Republican orthodoxy will come out,” said Brandon Barford, a former Republican congressional staffer. The Trump transition website, www.greatagain.gov, picked up on the tone of legislation aimed at weakening Dodd-Frank financial regulations that was released this summer by Republican chair of the House Financial Services Committee, Jeb Hensarling. Trump’s victory is forcing President Barack Obama to scale back his ambitions for his final months in office. Obama, who is set to meet with key allies from Europe and Asia next week during his final foreign trip, is giving up on a last-ditch attempt to seek congressional approval for the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal before leaving office. Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, a TPP partner, is slated to meet with Trump next week in New York, and the president-elect also fielded calls from German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Francois Hollande on Friday. But EU Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker had a blunter reaction to the Trump transition. “I think we will waste two years before Mr. Trump tours the world he does not know,” Juncker said on Friday. ",1
7312,Anti-Trump protest leaders say preparing for long fight,"BOSTON (Reuters) - The protests in major U.S. cities against Republican Donald Trump’s surprise presidential election victory have been impromptu affairs, quickly organized by young Americans with a diverse array of backgrounds and agendas. But as they look out at the next four years with Trump in the White House while his party controls both houses of Congress, activists are starting to prepare for what they hope will be the nation’s strongest protests since the Occupy Wall Street movement. Rallies scheduled for Saturday in New York and Los Angeles, and a protest planned for Washington on Jan. 20, when the New York businessman succeeds President Barack Obama, will be just the beginning, activists said in a series of interviews. The Rev. Al Sharpton, a civil rights leader from New York, said anti-Trump protesters should borrow a page from the playbook that Republicans used to oppose Obama’s policies. That movement started organically, later developed as the Tea Party movement and eventually resulted in the election of Trump, said Sharpton, whose National Action Network plans to launch a new organizing effort at its New York headquarters on Saturday. “We are not going to be as ugly as them, but we are going to be just as persistent,” Sharpton said. “This is not going away.”  Sizable protests sprung up this week in about a dozen major U.S. cities, including Boston, Baltimore and San Francisco. Demonstrations in Portland, Oregon, and Berkeley, California, turned violent, with protesters setting fires and clashing with police. Trump initially dismissed the crowds on Twitter, calling them “professional protesters, incited by the media,” but later reversed course, saying he admired their “passion.” T.J. Wells, who had volunteered to work for Democrat Hillary Clinton’s failed presidential campaign, said his decision to organize a Thursday night protest at Washington’s Trump International Hotel near the White House was spontaneous. “I literally shared it with a few friends, and within a few hours I had a couple hundred people show up,” said Wells, who is 27 and lives in the Washington suburb of Bethesda, Maryland, where he works in human resources. He said he hoped it would be the first of many such demonstrations. “From Inauguration Day to the time he’s out of office, we have to make sure that if there’s something he’s going to pass that the majority of Americans who voted for Hillary Clinton are not OK with, that we are forceful about that,” Wells said. Some 59.5 million people voted for Trump, fewer than the 59.7 million who cast ballots for Clinton, but Trump’s strong showing in swing states, including Michigan, earned him a decisive victory in the Electoral College that ultimately picks the president. Opponents have cited Trump’s history as a leader of the “birther” movement that claimed wrongly that Obama had not been born in the United States, his promises to deport the estimated 11 million undocumented immigrants in the country and his calls to register Muslims. Members of the ANSWER Coalition, a broad-based U.S. protest group, have marched in this week’s protests and aim to draw tens of thousands to an anti-Trump Inauguration Day rally, said Walter Smolarek, an organizer. “The people are going to fight back against the Trump agenda from day one,” Smolarek said. He said the group planned to continue to protest throughout Trump’s four-year term. Since his victory on Tuesday, Trump has taken a more measured public tone than he had during the campaign. That has some civil-rights advocates ready to wait and see what Trump does before joining in protests. “I don’t think that Donald Trump responds very well to protests, to be honest with you,” said Brent Wilkes, national executive director of the League of United Latin American Citizens.  He said he was willing to see whether Trump would be more moderate in his actions than he had been in the campaign, adding: “If he doesn’t, we’ll be out there in the streets.” ",1
7313,Trump considering outgoing Senator Ayotte for defense secretary: Washington Post,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump is considering outgoing Senator Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire for the post of defense secretary, the Washington Post reported on Friday, citing two sources familiar with the discussions. Other people on the list include retired Army Lieutenant General Joseph “Keith” Kellogg, former Defense Intelligence Agency Director General Mike Flynn and Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama, the Post said.  ",1
7314,Obama administration suspends Pacific trade deal vote effort,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama’s administration has suspended its  efforts to win congressional approval for his Asian free-trade deal before President-elect Donald Trump takes office, saying on Friday that TPP’s fate was up to Trump and Republican lawmakers. Administration officials also said Obama would try to explain the situation to leaders of the 11 other countries in the Trans-Pacific Partnership pact next week when he attends a regional summit in Peru.   Obama’s cabinet secretaries and the U.S. Trade Representative’s office had been lobbying lawmakers for months to pass the 12-country Trans-Pacific Partnership deal in the post-election, lame-duck session of Congress. However, Trump’s stunning election victory that sends him to the White House in January and retains Republican majorities in Congress has stymied those plans. “We have worked closely with Congress to resolve outstanding issues and are ready to move forward, but this is a legislative process and it’s up to congressional leaders as to whether and when this moves forward,” USTR spokesman Matt McAlvanah said in a statement. On Wednesday, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said he would not take up TPP in the weeks before Trump’s inauguration and said its fate was now up to Trump. House Speaker Paul Ryan had earlier said he would not proceed with a lame-duck vote.  Trump made his opposition to the TPP a centerpiece of his campaign, calling it a “disaster” and “a rape of our country” that would send more jobs overseas. His anti-free-trade message and pledges to stem the tide of imported goods from China and Mexico won him massive support among blue-collar workers in the industrial heartland states of Ohio, Michigan, Wisconsin and Pennsylvania, helping to swing the election his way. Trump has said he will scrap TPP, renegotiate the 22-year-old North American Free Trade Agreement and adopt a much tougher trade stance with China. The TPP agreement, negotiated for more than five years and signed in October 2015, was aimed at reducing trade barriers erected by some of the fastest growing economies in Asia and boosting ties with U.S. allies in the region in the face of China’s rising influence. White House Deputy National Security Advisor Wally Adeyemo told reporters on Friday that Obama will tell TPP member countries at the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation summit that the United States will remain engaged in Asia, and that it recognizes the benefits of trade and such deals still make sense. “In terms of the TPP agreement itself, Leader McConnell has spoken to that and it’s something that he’s going to work with the President-elect to figure out where they go in terms of trade agreements in the future,” Adeyemo said. “But we continue to think that these types of deals make sense, simply because countries like China are not going to stop working on regional agreements.” ",1
7315,Three Trump children seen managing president-elect's company,"(Reuters) - The Trump Organization said on Friday it was vetting new business structures aimed at transferring management control to three of President-elect Donald Trump’s children and a team of executives. The Trump Organization said in a statement it was planning to transfer control of the portfolio of businesses to Donald Trump Jr, Ivanka Trump, Eric Trump and other executives. Earlier on Friday, the three Trump children - the oldest of Trump’s five children - were also named as members of Trump’s Presidential Transition Team Executive Committee.   “This is a top priority at the organization and the structure that is ultimately selected will comply with all applicable rules and regulations,” a spokesperson for the Trump Organization said in a statement. Federal conflict-of-interest law does not apply to the president, but most White House occupants in the last few decades have voluntarily placed their assets in a blind trust to avoid any suggestion of impropriety. Experts in government ethics said that giving over control to Trump’s children would do virtually nothing to prevent potential conflicts of interest, since there’s usually no daylight between one’s personal interest and the interest of one’s immediate family members. “It doesn’t meet any of the standards of a blind trust if the kids are running the company,” said Kenneth Gross, a Washington lawyer who specializes in advising political clients on compliance and ethics. Gross noted that the official transition team roles that Ivanka Trump, Donald Trump Jr and Eric Trump now have would appear to complicate matters further. “If they’re going to be involved in government functions -  and they’re starting down that road - and running the business, that’s going to make it very difficult to separate the government and business functions and deal with the conflicts of interest,” Gross said. All three children already have roles in the Trump Organization, according to the company’s website. Ivanka Trump is executive vice president of development and acquisitions, charged with domestic and global expansion of the company’s real estate interests. Donald Trump Jr is an executive vice president, and works to expand the company’s real estate, retail, commercial, hotel and golf interests nationally and internationally. Eric Trump is executive vice president of development and acquisitions, responsible for new project acquisition, development and construction globally. Typically, a blind trust involves turning over assets to an independent financial manager with no prior relationship to the owner. In addition, a blind trust derives its name from the idea that the owner would no longer know what assets are sold or bought. For instance, someone with extensive stock holdings would have no way of knowing which companies’ shares he or she still owned in a blind trust. Trump’s portfolio includes interests in hundreds of limited liability companies, many overseas, as well as numerous real estate properties both domestic and foreign. Short of selling the entire Trump empire, experts said, he will find it difficult to create a trust sufficiently “blind” to avoid the possibility of any conflicts. ",1
7316,Illinois governor reports $188.1 million in 2015 personal income,"CHICAGO (Reuters) - Illinois Governor Bruce Rauner reported personal income of more than $188.1 million in 2015, and 90 percent of the former private equity investor’s earnings came from capital gains, according to income tax returns he released on Friday. Rauner, a Republican, and his wife, Diana, paid federal taxes of $51.6 million and $6.9 million in state taxes in 2015. Of the total income, $169.5 million was from capital gains, though no details were released on the source of those profits. “I believe as the good book says to whom much has been given from whom much is expected in return,” Rauner said at a news conference when asked about his tax returns. Rauner, who has led a fight against Democrats controlling Illinois’ legislature in the country’s longest-running state fiscal impasse, and his wife contributed $21.7 million individually to various Illinois political campaigns this year to weaken Democratic control of the state legislature and dislodge the state’s long-running budget stalemate, campaign records show. Illinois has not had a full operating budget for 17 months. Republicans netted four seats in the Illinois House and two seats in the state Senate in Tuesday’s elections, but Democrats retained control of both legislative chambers and defeated Rauner’s choice for comptroller. A separate filing from Rauner’s family’s foundation showed $53.6 million in assets at the end of 2015 and $11.6 million in charitable giving for the year. In 2014, Rauner and his wife reported $58.3 million in earnings. Because the Rauners’ assets are in a blind trust, an aide said the couple is “screened from all financial decisions” and cannot explain the increase in their income. A spokesman for Democratic House Speaker Michael Madigan  declined comment on the governor’s earnings, but a top Madigan ally said Rauner’s wealth puts him out of touch with the electorate. “I don’t know how he can claim to ever understand the problems of regular, ordinary Illinoisans,” said Democratic Representative Lou Lang. Madigan and Democratic Senate President John Cullerton, Chicago attorneys who maintain property-tax appeal practices, do not release their tax returns. ",1
7317,Trump says he's considering keeping parts of Obamacare: WSJ,"(Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump told the Wall Street Journal he is considering retaining parts of President Barack Obama’s healthcare law including provisions letting parents keep adult children up to age 26 on insurance policies and barring insurers from denying coverage to people with pre-existing conditions. The Republican businessman during the U.S. presidential campaign called for repealing and replacing the Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare, and labeled the 2010 law “a disaster.” In an interview published on Friday, his first since winning Tuesday’s election, Trump told the Journal a big reason for his shift was his meeting at the White House on Thursday with Obama, who suggested areas of the Affordable Care Act to preserve. “I told him I will look at his suggestions, and out of respect, I will do that,” Trump said. “Either Obamacare will be amended, or repealed and replaced,” Trump told the Journal. Some Republican lawmakers and advisers have recommended keeping those two provisions in place even if they are able to repeal the law in Congress, as they have attempted to do for years. The law has enabled millions of Americans who previously had no health insurance to obtain coverage, but Republicans oppose it and call it a government overreach. Other urgent priorities during his first few weeks as president, Trump said, would be deregulating financial institutions to allow “banks to lend again,” and securing the U.S. border against drugs and illegal immigrants. Asked whether he would pursue a campaign promise to appoint a special prosecutor to investigate defeated Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton over her use of a private email server while secretary of state, Trump told the paper: “It’s not something I’ve given a lot of thought, because I want to solve healthcare, jobs, border control, tax reform.” Trump also told the Journal he would create jobs through infrastructure projects and improved trade deals, and would preserve American jobs by potentially imposing tariffs on the products of U.S. companies that relocated overseas. ",1
7318,Supporters to Trump: break campaign promises at your peril,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Kathryn Stellmack expects the world from Donald Trump. After listening to his speeches and casting her vote for him, she expects Trump to toughen immigration laws, restore lost jobs, upend a corrupt political system, build a wall on the border, and be, as the millionaire put it, the “greatest jobs president that God has ever created.” “We expect him to move forward on all the items he has promised to move forward on,” said Stellmack, 69, a retiree in West Palm Beach, Florida. “And if he doesn’t, we will hold his feet to the fire.” After a presidential race fueled by brash but constantly shifting policy proposals, Trump’s millions of followers — from social conservative activists to struggling blue-collar workers to hardline militant groups — say if he does anything less than take a wrecking ball to business-as-usual Washington, they will be disappointed. “We’ll be watching, Mr. Trump,” said Stellmack. Trump’s promises have been hard to pin down, with many policy details left elusive and vague. NBC News identified 141 “distinct shifts” on 23 major issues since Trump announced his candidacy on June 16, 2015.  Still, his fiery rhetoric had an unmistakable message of ending big government and the entrenched power of establishment elites in both parties. That inspired hope that Trump can break through Washington’s gridlock to make progress on plans to invigorate the economy, eliminate terrorist threats, rip up trade agreements and repeal President Barack Obama’s healthcare plan known as Obamacare. “I totally trust him,” said Laura Czarniak, 56, of Manistee, Michigan, a Rust Belt state that leans Democrat in presidential elections but which flipped to Trump on Tuesday.  “I know he’ll build the wall. I know he’ll take care of the Syrian refugee problem. I know he’ll get rid of Obamacare. There is not a chance in hell he won’t do those things,” she said. But even with Republicans retaining control of Congress, Trump will have to accept limits and compromises on some of his plans. Many Republicans, for example, are wary of his proposals to scrap trade deals and boost spending on infrastructure improvements. Some of his plans have already been rolled back. Trump faces his highest expectations on the issue of immigration, given his intense focus on attention-grabbing campaign proposals like forcing Mexico to pay for a border wall, and temporarily banning Muslims from entering the country. But he recently indicated he would at first deport only criminal undocumented immigrants, after previously pledging to deport all undocumented aliens, while the Muslim ban has softened into “extreme vetting” of immigrants from some countries. He told the Wall Street Journal in an interview on Friday that he would consider keeping parts of Obamacare intact — easing off his calls for a total repeal — after Obama spoke to him on the issue at the White House on Thursday. Mark Morris, a leader of the Colorado-based Three Percent United Patriots militia group, said he understood Trump would need time on some issues, but he expected quick movement on repealing Obamacare and appointing a conservative Supreme Court justice to fill the seat of the late Antonin Scalia. He said he hoped Trump would stand with ranchers in their disputes with the federal government over fees charged for cattle grazing on public land – a call to arms for many in the patriot and militia movement. Morris warned Trump should not count on his followers to stay with him if he did not produce results. “People voted with a lot of faith that he will come through,” he said. “I don’t think it is going to work out very well if he doesn’t get the things done and he comes back at the end of four years and says I need four more years to accomplish what I need to accomplish.” Trump had to take strong action on immigration given his rhetoric, said Roy Beck, head of Numbers USA, a group that favors reduced immigration levels. He said Numbers USA and other grassroots groups would pressure Trump to keep his promises to bolster enforcement and cut back on legal immigration and foreign workers, including eliminating immigration by low-skill and non-extraordinary-skilled workers. “There’s no way he would have been elected president if he had not so boldly made immigration his top issue,” Beck said. “You have to come through on your top issue. The question is in the details.” He said many Trump supporters understood his talk about the border wall was “shorthand” for restoring the rule of law in immigration, although it was a promise by which he would be judged. “We’re in the best position we’ve ever been in since the 1950s to get control of this issue, but we still have big challenges,” Beck said. For many activists in the anti-abortion movement who are suspicious Trump’s promises are fueled by politics more than conviction, he still has plenty to prove. “I think we’re seeing a mix of emotions, from excitement and some fear to somewhere in between,” Jeanne Mancini, president of the anti-abortion group March for Life Education and Defense Fund said of Trump’s election. “For us the most important thing will be to hold him to his campaign promises, particularly on the Supreme Court. We want to be sure he is true to his word,” she said of Trump’s vow to appoint justices who will vote to overturn Roe vs Wade, the 1973 decision legalizing abortion. But Trump needs to move quickly, said Thomas Pyle, a Trump supporter and president of the free-market advocacy group American Energy Alliance. “Washington is a very, very difficult place to turn the ship. He has a limited window before the culture in Washington seeps in,” Pyle said. “But if he acts boldly, he can do a lot.” ",1
7319,Trump may already have a plan ready to revamp Dodd-Frank,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - When Jeb Hensarling, the Republican chair of the U.S. House Financial Services Committee, released legislation this summer to weaken the major financial law known as Dodd-Frank, many said it was a prêt-a-porter plan that his party’s nominee, Donald Trump, could easily adopt. Now that Trump is president-elect, he appears to be doing just that.  Language about financial services posted on the Trump transition website, www.greatagain.gov, echoes the tone of Hensarling’s bill, known as the CHOICE Act.  It calls Dodd-Frank, passed in the wake of the 2007-09 financial crisis and recession, as “a sprawling and complex piece of legislation that has unleashed hundreds of new rules and several new bureaucratic agencies” and promises to dismantle and replace it with “new policies to encourage economic growth and job creation.” Hensarling’s legislation, which his committee approved in September, also takes a replacement approach. The Texas Republican had unveiled his proposal in Trump’s hometown of New York in June, and then met with the businessman later in the day. At the same time, Hensarling was mentioned as a possible Treasury secretary by Trump’s team. He has said he is  not pursuing a Cabinet position.  “The CHOICE Act accurately reflects the priorities that President Trump has placed on the Dodd-Frank problem,” said J.W. Verret, an associate professor at the George Mason University Antonin Scalia Law School and financial regulation expert. Verret regularly meets with and briefs members of Congress and the Securities and Exchange Commission on financial regulation. I think it is a great blueprint for everything that he has promised,” said Verret, a former Republican congressional staffer.  The Hensarling blueprint would primarily allow banks to choose between complying with Dodd-Frank or meeting tougher capital requirements - primarily to maintain a ratio of tangible equity to leverage exposure of 10 percent.  It would also reorganize the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, throw out the Volcker Rule restricting banks from making speculative investments and eliminate the authority of the Financial Stability Oversight Council to designate non-banks as “systemically important.”  It also differs from the Dodd-Frank legislation in the way it treats insolvent banks. Hensarling says his approach will prevent taxpayer dollars from being used to bail out failed institutions.  Alongside Obamacare, Dodd-Frank is considered one of Democratic President Barack Obama’s signature domestic policies. The most senior Democrat on the Senate Banking Committee, Sherrod Brown, has been a vocal defender of it, as has liberal firebrand Senator Elizabeth Warren. That means a Dodd-Frank revamp could stall in one chamber of Congress. Senate rules allow a single member to block a bill from proceeding to a vote. Trump said last May that he would dismantle Dodd-Frank, primarily because the law makes it hard for banks to loan money.  But few have called for total demolition of it, with bank industry sources privately saying they would like to see an easing of Dodd-Frank rules.  Trump campaign adviser Anthony Scaramucci, a Wall Street financier, said this week that the administration will review the law and “the worst anti-business parts of it will be gutted.” Verret said he believes some components of the CHOICE Act will appeal to the populist anger felt by Tea Party members and Trump supporters toward big banks. One such provision, he said, would place limits on how central banks can lend to financial institutions in times of crisis, an in effort to prevent future bailouts. This kind of reform, he added, appeals “to both populists and free market thinkers at the same time.” ",1
7320,"Scared by Trump, some migrants on Mexico border give up American dream","NOGALES, Mexico (Reuters) - Donald Trump’s election victory and his plans to crack down on illegal immigration is so troubling for the groups of men gathered just south of a rusty, towering fence on the U.S.-Mexico border that some are even considering going home. For most poor Central Americans and Mexicans at travelers’  shelters in the desert town of Nogales, Trump’s threats to build a wall along the whole border and deport millions of illegal immigrants have not made them abandon their harrowing journeys and hopes of a better life in the north.  But for some like Juan Alberto Lopez, the prospect of living in a country they believe will become more hostile to people like them no longer holds enough appeal to make the risky crossing across the desolate Arizona borderland. “Now everything’s changed,” said the despondent Lopez, 25, as he sat staring blankly at the ground in outside one migrant center, under a cobalt sky. Lopez hails from the southern state of Chiapas, Mexico’s poorest, and lived for two years in Arizona and Utah working in construction before being deported in January. Under one of Trump’s proposals, he would face a two-year federal prison sentence for returning after deportation. He had decided to go back to the United States when Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton was projected to win the election. Now, he plans to seek work in Nogales instead, or go home.  “They’re going to detain all the migrants, and if it’s like that, it’s better to stay here with your own people, be happy, and just endure it,” he added, echoing the sentiments of a third of more than a dozen migrants interviewed by Reuters in Nogales following Trump’s victory. In running for president, Trump promised to deport millions of illegal immigrants as well as build a wall along the border to stop others entering the United States, and make Mexico pay for it. His uncompromising stance helped drive a rush over the U.S. border as some migrants calculated it was better to cross over before the election in case Trump won. That could continue in coming months even as some like Lopez decide they no longer want to live in the United States. During fiscal year 2016, which ended in September, the number of people detained along the U.S.-Mexico border surpassed 408,000, a 23 percent jump from last year, although it was less than in 2014, official U.S. data published last month showed. “I really don’t care about President Trump. I’m always going to cross regardless of any walls he wants,” said Alexi Solano, 20, a migrant from El Salvador, whose wife and young son are already in Los Angeles. “That doesn’t matter to us. What we want is to be together with our families.” Mexico’s deputy interior minister for migration, Humberto Roque Villanueva, said he expected that flow to peak in 2016 as Trump will ramp up already tough deportation policies applied by President Barack Obama. “A certain radicalization of the North American immigration policy is coming,” Roque Villanueva said. In Nogales, a city of 230,000 dotted with factories of multinational firms like Motorola and B/E Aerospace, migrants say people smugglers typically charge $4,000 per person for a one-way ticket across the border. As with long stretches of the 2,000-mile (3,200-km) border, a 25-foot-tall fence already exists along the international boundary here, built in 2011 and made up of thick rust-colored metal beams that follow the rocky terrain for miles to the west and east of the city.  Beyond the fence on the U.S. side, a parallel set of wooden posts are topped with cameras and sensors. In the distance, U.S. immigration vehicles slowly patrol the border.  Some 25 miles (40 km) to the east of town, the towering fence comes to an end and is replaced with a waist-high barrier that mainly serves to stop trucks plowing through the desert. While some migrants trudge around the barricade, risking weather exposure on foot through rugged terrain menaced by drug cartel thugs and poisonous snakes, others opt to ride hidden in trucks that drive through official crossings, a route made possible, several said, by bribes. Maria Engracia Robles, a Roman Catholic nun who runs El Comedor center for deportees and migrants within sight of the border fence in Nogales, thinks Trump’s victory will likely bring more hardship and worries about the challenges that mass deportations would bring.  “More anguish, tears, laments, and lots of people in Mexico without work, without anything to do and no place to go,” said Robles, whose center provides free meals, clothes and basic medical care. Braced against the dry wind, dozens of hungry migrants line up around El Comedor’s entrance for breakfast each morning. On Thursday, two men just inside the shelter could be overheard on mobile phones asking for a coyote, or human trafficker, to attempt another crossing. “Here there is no work, and salaries are terrible,” said Robles.  The U.S.-Mexico border is home to the largest per capita wage differential of any land border on the planet, with average U.S. wages about five times higher than Mexican wages.  Further south, in Central America, incomes are even lower, and crime worse, fueling a surge of migration in recent years. More Central American migrants were apprehended on the U.S. southern border than Mexicans this year.   Jose Flores, 19, a Honduran migrant who set out for the United States three months ago, ticked off the perils posed by violent gangs and dismal job prospects in his home country. “I imagine it’s going to get a lot harder to cross,” he said. “But what hasn’t changed is we’re looking for a better life.” (This story has been refiled to fix typo in 20th paragraph) ",1
7321,"In rural-urban divide, U.S. voters are worlds apart","JANESVILLE, Wisc. (Reuters) - Semi-retired Wisconsin pig farmer John Lader does not think much of Donald Trump as a messenger, but voted for what he described as the Republican president-elect’s message of change and economic hope for America. “The last few years, there hasn’t been much optimism and hope among working people in rural areas in this country,” said Lader, 65, who lives in the farmland outside the southern Wisconsin city of Janesville. Around 65 miles (105 km) to the northeast in the state’s biggest city of Milwaukee, Jose Boni, who cleans offices at a local university and rents out several homes, heard a different message: Trump’s plan to build a wall on the U.S.-Mexican border and vow to deport the estimated 11 million immigrants who are in the United States illegally, most of whom are Hispanic.  “He doesn’t care about our community or working people, he only cares about himself,” said Boni, 57, an Ecuador-born U.S. citizen. The different worlds of Lader and Boni help illustrate the rural-urban divide that was critical to the outcome of Tuesday’s U.S. presidential election. A country once defined by regional voting now is more clearly divided by the differences between rural and urban voters. The combination of a strong Trump turnout in the countryside and a weak showing by Democrat Clinton in the cities went a long way toward deciding the election. Rural and small-town working-class white voters, who already tended to vote Republican, propelled Trump. Urban areas, where black and Hispanic voters are concentrated along with college-educated voters, already leaned toward the Democrats, but Clinton did not get the turnout from these groups that she needed. For instance, black voters did not show up in the same numbers they did for Barack Obama, the first black president, in 2008 and 2012. Trump beat Clinton by 26 percentage points among voters who live in non-metropolitan areas, while Clinton bested Trump by about 7 percentage points in urban areas, according to the nationwide Reuters/Ipsos national Election Day poll. Steven Schier, a political science professor at Carleton College in Northfield, Minnesota, said rural voters “feel they’ve lost something, that America is moving away from them.” “Trump came up with the perfect slogan for them in ‘Make America Great Again’ because it hits them exactly where they live,” Schier said. Democratic presidential candidates had won in Wisconsin in every election since 1988, until Trump’s victory on Tuesday. In Wisconsin, overall turnout was lower than in the 2012 presidential election. Trump actually was a few hundred votes shy of 2012 Republican nominee Mitt Romney’s total in the state, but Clinton was around 240,000 votes short of Obama’s 2012 tally. She ended up around 24,000 votes behind Trump in the state. “Those couple hundred thousand Democratic voters for whatever reason decided not to vote,” Mordecai Lee, a political scientist at the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee. “They stayed home, and Wisconsin went Republican. I think that was the pattern around the country.”  Turnout in Milwaukee’s Hispanic neighborhoods was down 9 percent versus 2012, while citywide turnout in Milwaukee fell 14 percent.  Clinton took 65.6 percent in Milwaukee County, which includes the city, to Trump’s 28.6 percent. But Trump won in rural counties, for example taking 59.9 percent to Clinton’s 33.6 percent in Fond du Lac County in the middle of the state and 71.4 percent to 25.1 percent in Florence County in the far north. In Milwaukee, Election Day canvassers found Trump’s comments about immigrants were not enough to get people to the polls. Christine Neumann-Ortiz, director of community group Voces De La Frontera, said about 15 percent of the voters reached by the group in Milwaukee raised concerns about Clinton’s use of a private email server while secretary of state or were undecided.  “If we reached people, we were able to convince them to vote, but I don’t think we could ever have reached enough by ourselves to overcome Trump’s advantage with white working-class voters,” Neumann-Ortiz said. The rural landscape was rich Trump territory, with people concerned about a slump in commodity prices and layoffs among manufacturers. Rural areas, especially in the Midwest and Northeast, have also seen a demographic shift in recent years with the arrival of Hispanic immigrants. Demographer William Frey of the Brookings Institution think tank in Washington said census data from 2008 to 2015 showed Hispanic populations in non-metro counties in the Midwest rose 18 percent while the white population fell 9 percent.  The counties still are 84 percent white, but those voters are feeling the change, Frey said. “They’re a little bit fearful of it, and if they’re being hit hard economically, that can add to it,” Frey added. Austin Arndt, a beef cattle farmer and neighbor of John Lader outside Janesville, hometown of Republican speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives Paul Ryan, said his vote was more against Clinton than for Trump. He said his vote was based on Trump’s promise to cut taxes and repeal Obama’s signature 2010 healthcare law, which has enabled millions of previously uninsured Americans to gain medical coverage but is detested by conservatives as a government overreach. “From the social point of view as candidates, they were both terrible people,” said Arndt, 33. “For me, it was all about the economics.”  ",1
7322,"Trump seen more moderate on criminal justice, law enforcement","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Criminal justice reform advocates said they expect Donald Trump will embrace moderate change once he is in the White House, toning down the punitive but undefined “law and order” image he projected on the campaign trail. In another instance of experts trying to pin down Trump on an issue he used on the stump without offering much detail, two groups that have met recently with his staff said they expect him to back mainstream sentencing and corrections reforms. A Trump spokeswoman did not respond to requests for comment. In a meeting a few weeks ago, Trump’s staff was “very receptive” to arguments that crime rates have dropped in states that have reduced prison populations through sentencing reform, said Holly Harris, executive director of the U.S. Justice Action Network, a bipartisan coalition that spearheads legislative efforts to lower sentences for nonviolent offenders. Democratic President Barack Obama, many Republicans in Congress and several of Trump’s conservative mentors have embraced changing sentencing standards and better prisons. During the campaign, Trump denounced Obama as being too soft on inner-city violence and for extremist plots against the United States and attacks on police officers. For instance, in the Oct. 19 presidential debate with Democratic opponent Hillary Clinton, Trump said: “We need law and order, but we need justice, too. Our inner cities are a disaster. You get shot walking to the store. They have no education. They have no jobs.” But in the same month, Trump’s vice presidential running mate, Mike Pence, said he was proud that Indiana approved criminal justice reform during his tenure as governor.  “We have got to do a better job recognizing and correcting the errors in the system that do reflect an institutional bias in criminal justice,” he said. Tim Head, executive director of the conservative Christian Faith and Freedom Coalition, said his group has held advisory talks with the president-elect’s staff in recent days. Head said Trump’s Justice Department is likely to emphasize greater “support for law enforcement, maybe deference for law enforcement” than Obama did. But Head and Harris also both noted that Republicans close to Trump, such as former House Speaker Newt Gingrich and New Jersey Governor Chris Christie have advocated for reforms such as lowering sentences for some nonviolent crimes, improving prison conditions and helping former prisoners find jobs and housing. Christie and former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani are reportedly on a short list of conservatives whom Trump is considering for U.S. attorney general. Inimai Chettiar, director of justice programs at the Brennan Center for Justice of New York University, said Trump made some  “troubling” campaign-trail claims. One, she said, was arguing that rising crime justifies stop-and-frisk tactics and other police methods that critics say unfairly target minorities. However, she said, she also hoped the president-elect would fall in line with members of the Republican Party who support bipartisan criminal justice reform. ",1
7323,"Trump taps Pence to lead transition team, removes New Jersey's Christie: NYT","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican U.S. President-elect Donald Trump has removed New Jersey Governor Chris Christie as leader of his transition team, handing the reins over to Vice President-Elect Mike Pence, a former U.S. lawmaker with deep Washington ties, the New York Times reported on Friday.  The Times, citing several sources close to the transition team, said Trump told advisers he wanted to use Pence’s contacts to move the transition process along. NBC News also reported the handover, which came one week after two former Christie associates were found guilty in the New Jersey “Bridgegate” scandal.  ",1
7324,A discontented Michigan town: America should have seen Trump coming,"ALGONAC, Mich. (Reuters) - Back in April, there were already early signs in this quiet Michigan town of the rural American discontent that helped propel Donald Trump to election victory, even if it was underestimated by the Washington establishment, pollsters and Hillary Clinton’s campaign. On a return visit after Tuesday’s election, Reuters found that many of Algonac’s 4,000 residents were jubilant that Trump had captured the White House, although there were also echoes of what some people said seven months ago: that he is an uncertain, high-stakes gamble. But the bare fact of his success drew only shrugs: Who else did city folks really expect would win? Reuters first visited this town on a bend of the St. Clair River in April after results from the Republican and Democratic parties' primary elections suggested it might be a hotbed of the  dissatisfaction with the status quo that would become a dominant force by November. (reut.rs/2fAVJQY) It was a town in a county in a state that all disproportionately turned out in the primaries for the unexpected outsider candidates: the Republican Trump, a rich real-estate developer and television star who had never held political office; and democratic socialist Bernie Sanders, a  U.S. senator from Vermont who had emerged as Clinton’s closest rival for the Democratic Party nomination. Trump went on to win his party’s nomination, while Sanders was beaten by Clinton.  Even though they came at the problem from very different perspectives, both men had fired up a town that was in a sour mood, striking a chord with their talk of a rigged economic system and their loud disgust at the decline of American manufacturing. Algonac leans Republican, and, on both visits, it took no time at all to find Trump fans, and only a little longer to find Sanders fans. But it took days of asking around to find someone with a warm word for Clinton. On Tuesday, the vote in Algonac was 68 percent for Trump, 27 percent for Clinton. Residents of Algonac can easily list the relatives and neighbors who have struggled with the painful decline of manufacturing or who were forced to move after auto factories with well paid union jobs an hour away in the Detroit area shut down or moved abroad. Older residents recall decades back when Algonac was still a proud self-sufficient manufacturing hub, employing scores of locals at the Chris-Craft factory, which turned out photogenic wooden boats that remain prized by wealthy collectors.  Pete Beauregard has turned the factory into a harbor club where the town’s summer visitors stow their boats.  “The rural area is going to want to be heard,” he said, delighting in Trump’s victory. Up the road, Jay DeBoyer was in a dive bar he had worked in as a younger man, drinking an afternoon glass of water and dressed in a suit he had worn to deliver St. Clair County’s final elections results to the courthouse in his role as county clerk. “The center of the country is what put Donald Trump in office,” he said.  “If the economy’s okay, they shut their mouths and go to work,” he said, describing the sort of people who live in places like Algonac, where 97 percent of residents are white.  “But if you start to smack them, when you start telling the guys working in a coal mine in West Virginia, ‘For the good of the country, we’re going to put you out of a job, for the good of cleaner air we’re going to put you out of a job,’ then you start to create a constituency of people that fall into a category of ‘the enemy of my enemy is my friend.’” Mentioning Clinton, a former secretary of state, U.S. senator and first lady, tended to draw scorn among Algonac residents in April, even among some Democrats who said they viewed her as untrustworthy. Her election loss and emotional concession speech this week appeared not to soften this, with some expressing their ill-feeling in crude terms. “Trump That Bitch,” reads a tall wooden sign alongside the main road into town, evoking a familiar anti-Clinton slogan among Trump fans. Seeing it being photographed, Paul Paulus, 73, wandered out from the building where he was regreasing old tractors to boast he had built it entirely himself.  Some of his neighbors, particularly women, had told Reuters on both visits that, even if they disliked Clinton, they despaired at the insults and coarse language that Trump and his fans had reveled in. Paulus described his victory over such qualms. “They had tried to get the township to take it down,” he said, smiling at the memory of the fight as he looked up at his sign. “But the township said it’s not coming down as ‘bitch’ is not a bad word. It’s a female dog.” Jan Evans, a devout 64-year-old Christian who runs a store making slogan t-shirts for the local schools’ sports teams, said she thought there were better ways to talk about people. But she sympathized with the sort of anxiety that moved people to support Trump. She recently learned that her monthly health insurance premiums under Obamacare, a healthcare law that Trump has said he will repeal and replace, would go from $120 to $357. But she worried that Trump’s victory would not help, either; she did not know what his healthcare plans were as he has not given details. She said that when she voted, she filled out down-ballot lines for local and state elections and left the presidential vote until the end to give her more time to think.  “Neither one really deserved it,” she said of Clinton and Trump. Her pen hovered for quite a while, but she declined to say where on the ballot it landed. “Everybody, they’re a little bit frightened, they’re hopeful, they know we need change,” she said of Trump’s victory. “But this is the change?” ",1
7325,"U.S. consumers will want Trump, Congress to take on drug prices","LOS ANGELES/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Americans’ growing alarm over rising prescription drug costs will pressure a new U.S. administration and Congress to take action on pharmaceutical pricing, industry executives and healthcare experts say. Drugmaker stocks, battered in recent months, soared this week after Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump’s victory. Democratic rival Hillary Clinton had vowed to take on pharmaceutical “price gouging,” and some pundits predicted the Democrats would gain control of the Senate, giving her a stronger hand. The Republican sweep of Congress eliminated those fears, while boosting chances for other measures, such as corporate tax reforms that would benefit industry. However, the vote did not change a key dynamic: U.S. consumers are paying more of the cost of drugs through higher health insurance deductibles and copayments, making them more sensitive to manufacturer price hikes. Most recently, a sixfold increase in the price of Mylan NV’s EpiPen stoked outrage for families who rely on the lifesaving allergy shot and prompted investigations by state attorneys general and Congress. If a manufacturer sharply raises the price of a drug, “it will be in the headlines. I don’t think it matters which party is in office,” said Sandra Hunt, principal at PricewaterhouseCooper’s health industry practice. Republican lawmakers have taken up drug pricing alongside Democrats. Republicans Senator Charles Grassley of Iowa, chair of the Senate Judiciary Committee, and Representative Jason Chaffetz, chair of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, led inquiries into Mylan’s EpiPen pricing. “A very strong majority of Republican voters want the Congress to address drug prices,” said John Rother, president and CEO of the National Coalition on Health Care, which campaigns for lower prices. An October Kaiser Family Foundation survey showed that 74 percent of respondents said making drugs for chronic conditions affordable should be a top health care priority for the federal government. Among Republican respondents, 68 percent put drug prices as a top priority. A poll conducted by the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health found that 64 percent of voters - including 78 percent of likely Clinton voters and 48 percent of Trump supporters - believe the federal government should be able to limit pharmaceutical drug price hikes. Trump and Republican leaders have vowed to repeal President Barack Obama’s healthcare reform law, known as Obamacare, which has extended medical insurance to more than 20 million Americans. Despite complaints about Obamacare insurance premium increases, just 37 percent of Kaiser poll respondents said that overturning it was a high priority. Chaffetz is “evaluating his next steps” on the drug pricing issue when the next Congress convenes, an aide said. A representative for Grassley said he would press forward with a scheduled Nov. 30 hearing into Mylan’s EpiPen pricing. “The U.S. has always been a country that supports innovation ... and we hope it will remain the same,” said Pascal Soriot, chief executive of AstraZeneca Plc, which sells drugs like cholesterol-fighter Crestor. “But we also believe we will continue to have to deal with price ressures.”   Clinton’s proposals to curb drug prices included capping consumers’ monthly out-of-pocket costs. In the past, Trump has suggested allowing the government’s Medicare health program for seniors to negotiate prices and making it easier to import drugs from countries where they sell for less. A Trump administration also could provide extra funding to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration to speed approval of generic drugs, which still tend to cost far less than their brand name equivalents, health policy experts said. Capital Alpha Partners analyst Kim Monk, in a research note on Wednesday, said she expects advisors and Congress to steer Trump toward “more Republican-oriented ideas,” including pricing drugs based on their relative health benefit and requiring more disclosure of pricing details. Consumer advocate Rother cited the FAIR Drug Pricing Act, introduced in September by Senators John McCain, an Arizona Republican, and Tammy Baldwin, Wisconsin Democrat, as a potential vehicle for federal action. The bill would require manufacturers to explain annual price increases of more than 10 percent. “It is a bipartisan bill consistent with traditional Republican health policy based on transparency and competition,” Rother said. In California, voters on Tuesday rejected a ballot measure that would have require drugmakers to provide state health plans with discounts similar to those given to the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs. The VA pays the lowest prices in the country.    Drugmakers spent more than $106 million on a campaign to defeat the measure.      A similar measure will go before Ohio voters, who backed Trump in the election, next November. The coalition behind California’s proposition on Wednesday urged legislators to come up with “a more comprehensive solution to lower sky-rocketing drug prices.” ",1
7326,Trump win puts U.S.-Russia hostility on hold - but for how long?,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - After years of rising U.S.-Russia tensions over Ukraine, Syria, cyber attacks and nuclear arms control, Donald Trump’s election as U.S. president may offer a narrow window to repair relations as he and Russian President Vladimir Putin size up each other. But Trump’s ascent to the White House carries the risk of  dangerous miscalculation if the U.S. president-elect and Putin, two willful personalities and self-styled strong leaders who have exchanged occasional compliments, decide they have misjudged one another, according to Russia experts and others. U.S. officials and private analysts predict that Putin, who has reasserted Moscow’s military and political muscle from eastern Europe to the Middle East, will avoid openly provoking Trump before he takes office. “Putin has the ability to advance his interests in many different ways. Sometimes tactical diplomacy can help,” said Fiona Hill, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution, a Washington think-tank. “We’re in temporary truce phase,” said Hill, who has served as the U.S. national intelligence officer for Russia and Eurasia in the George W. Bush and Obama administrations and co-authored a book on Putin. Michael McFaul, a former U.S. ambassador to Moscow under President Barack Obama, said Putin likely will wait to see if he can reach some accommodation with Trump to allow the lifting of Ukraine-related sanctions imposed by Washington and the European Union that have contributed to Russia’s growing economic woes. During the campaign, Trump was criticized by his Democratic Party rival, Hillary Clinton, for praising Putin as a strong leader and saying ties with Russia should be improved at a time when Moscow and Washington are at odds over Syria and Ukraine. Trump rattled Washington’s European allies with comments questioning NATO’s mutual self-defense pledge and suggesting that he might recognize Russia’s 2014 annexation of Ukraine’s Crimea region. Putin last year called Trump “a really brilliant and talented person” and the Kremlin said on Thursday that the U.S. president-elect’s foreign policy approach was “phenomenally close” to that of the Russian leader. Putin “has a future president who has expressed a desire to cooperate, who has expressed a desire to move away from the Obama policies. Why would you screw that up with a provocation?” asked McFaul, now at Stanford University. In Syria, a U.S. official said, Putin appears to be extending a “humanitarian” pause in air strikes against moderate rebels holding the eastern side of Aleppo to give Trump an opportunity to affirm the willingness he expressed during the campaign to seek a more cooperative U.S.-Russian relationship. “I think they were holding their fire for the purpose of decreasing the international pressure on them, and now, like the rest of the world, they may be taking stock of the current situation,” said the official, speaking on condition of anonymity. But U.S. officials caution that Russia still may feel compelled to launch more attacks after dispatching a naval task force led by the aging aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov to the eastern Mediterranean in a show of force. The U.S. government has publicly accused Moscow of hacking the Democratic National Committee and other party organizations during the election campaign, which Russia has denied. Trump declined to blame Russia, and the Election Day Russian cyber attacks that some officials feared never materialized. Trump has not laid out a detailed Russia policy, and many in his party, including potential top advisors and cabinet officials, have taken a hawkish view of Moscow. Former House of Representatives speaker Newt Gingrich, a Trump ally rumored for a senior post, lambasted in 2014 what he called Obama’s weak response to Russia’s land-grab in Ukraine. Putin, Gingrich wrote, is “a ruthlessly determined leader motivated by nationalism and an imperial drive.” And while there was celebration in Moscow after Trump’s victory over former secretary of state Clinton, who has been sharply critical of Putin, some Russians cautioned against euphoria. “The idea that it will be easier to strike a deal with Trump than Clinton is wrong. ... Everything will be tested when we get down to business,” analyst Vladimir Bruter told the daily pro-Kremlin tabloid Komsomolskaya Pravda before Tuesday’s election. Some experts and U.S. officials say there is a high risk of miscalculation or even confrontation, given Trump’s history of  taking slights and challenges personally.  “That’s actually where reality is going to intrude,” Hill said. “Putin’s pretty thin-skinned, too.” Putin has a penchant for challenging adversaries, particularly when he senses weakness, and he has long made it clear that he intends to reassert what he considers Russia’s rightful global role. Suspending a treaty with Washington on cleaning up weapons-grade plutonium last month, Putin listed conditions for resuming Russian participation that amounted to a laundry list of grievances against the United States. The demands included lifting Ukraine-related U.S. economic sanctions, compensating Moscow for those sanctions and reducing the U.S. military presence in NATO’s eastern European states to the levels of 16 years ago. Russia’s bedrock concern “is whether they believe the threat of U.S.-promoted regime change is abating under a President Trump,” said Andrew Weiss, vice president for studies at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace. “Everything else is a secondary, lower-order problem.” Putin has accused the U.S. government of promoting widespread street protests in Russia following its 2011 elections, as well as the “color revolutions” in Georgia, Ukraine and elsewhere. On specific issues, Weiss said, there are few if any easy opportunities for rapid U.S.-Russian agreements. “The agenda’s really threadbare,” he said. “We’re basically at a standstill.”        (This version of the story fixes a typo in paragraph two) ",1
7327,Britain's Johnson says no need for gloom about Trump victory,"BELGRADE (Reuters) - British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson, setting aside his previous hostility toward Donald Trump, said on Thursday the U.S. Republican’s presidential election victory offered economic opportunities and there was no need for Europeans to be despondent about it. “I may respectfully say to my European friends and colleagues that it’s time we snapped out of general doom and gloom about this election,” Johnson said after meeting Serbian Prime Minister Aleksandar Vucic.       “He is after all a deal maker. He wants to do a free trade deal with the UK,” Johnson told reporters. Trump’s upset victory over Democrat Hillary Clinton has delighted far-right politicians in France, the Netherlands and Austria but worried some mainstream politicians who fear it may be part of a populist, anti-establishment trend. “I believe that this is a great opportunity for us in the UK to build on that relationship with America that is of fundamental economic importance for us but also of great importance for stability and prosperity in the world,” Johnson said. Johnson was one of the leading proponents of the successful Brexit campaign to get Britain out of the European Union. Trump aligned himself with the Brexit movement during his campaign.    On Wednesday, Johnson, the former London mayor, congratulated Trump on his victory and tweeted that he looked forward to continuing the partnership between the two nations. Johnson said last year that he feared going to New York because of “the real risk of meeting Donald Trump” after the New York businessman said parts of London were now so radicalized that police officers feared to go there. Later on Thursday, Johnson said on his Twitter account he had spoken to U.S. Vice President-elect Mike Pence. “We agreed on importance of the special relationship & need to tackle global challenges together,” he tweeted. ",1
7328,Trump win opens way for China to take climate leadership role,"WASHINGTON/BEIJING (Reuters) - The election of climate change skeptic Donald Trump as president is likely to end the U.S. leadership role in the international fight against global warming and may lead to the emergence of a new and unlikely champion: China. China worked closely with the administration of outgoing President Barack Obama to build momentum ahead of the 2015 Paris Agreement on climate change. The partnership of the two biggest greenhouse gas emitters helped get nearly 200 countries to support the pact at the historic meet in France’s capital. By contrast, Trump has called global warming a hoax created by China to give it an economic advantage and said he plans to remove the United States from the historic climate agreement, as well as reverse many of Obama’s measures to combat climate change.  He has appointed noted climate change skeptic Myron Ebell to help lead transition planning for the Environmental Protection Agency, which has crafted the administration’s major environmental regulations such as the Clean Power Plan and efficiency standards for cars and trucks. Beijing is poised to cash in on the goodwill it could earn by taking on leadership in dealing with what for many other governments is one of the most urgent issues on their agenda. “Proactively taking action against climate change will improve China’s international image and allow it to occupy the moral high ground,” Zou Ji, deputy director of the National Centre for Climate Change Strategy and a senior Chinese climate talks negotiator, told Reuters. Zou said that if Trump abandons efforts to implement the Paris agreement, “China’s influence and voice are likely to increase in global climate governance, which will then spill over into other areas of global governance and increase China’s global standing, power and leadership.” Chen Zhihua, a representative of the Chinese delegation and official in the climate change division of the National Development and Reform Commission, the country’s economic planning agency, said Chinese and other countries’ efforts will not change if the United States withdraws from the agreement.  “Action by the international community will not stop because of the new government of the United States. We still have confidence the international community will join hands and continue our efforts on climate change,” he told reporters at the 200-nation U.N. meeting being held in Marrakesh to start fleshing out the implementation of the 2015 Paris Agreement. The Paris Agreement seeks to phase out net greenhouse gas emissions by the second half of the century and limit global warming to “well below” 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit) above pre-industrial levels. Each country has put forward national plans to reduce their greenhouse gas emissions. Some have raised concerns that without involvement and financial support from the United States, emerging economies like India may feel inclined to back out. One of the key advisors to Obama’s team on climate change said he hoped China would take on the mantle and keep the global climate deal alive.  Beijing should “continue to work in the spirit that we worked together in and before Paris,” said Andrew Light, former senior adviser to previous U.S. Special Envoy on Climate Change Todd Stern. It is an ironic twist for the government of the world’s second-largest economy. For years, Beijing fought attempts by foreign governments to limit carbon emissions, claiming it should be allowed the same space to develop and pollute that industrialized nations had. But with its capital often choked by smog and its people angry about the environmental devastation that rapid development has wrought across the country, Beijing has become a proponent of efforts to halt global warming rather than a hindrance. “China is acting on climate for the benefit of its own people,” said Erik Solheim, executive director of the UN Environment Programme. “I am confident China will take a lead role.” China has powerful domestic and global imperatives to play a high-profile role in continued global climate change talks, meant to avert more heat waves, droughts, floods and rising sea levels that could cause trillions of dollars of damage by 2100. China sees a perceived role as global climate leader as way to bolster its aspiration to become a “clean energy superpower” by leading in renewable energy technology such as wind and solar power and asserting itself as a key geopolitical power.         Dealing with the pressures of continued urbanization in some of the world’s largest cities has already put China ahead, said Andrew Steer, the president of environmental think tank the World Resources Institute.  Beijing is innovating to build low-carbon cities, he said.     “It sees carbon as an indicator of economic inefficiency,” Steer said. Trump’s victory over Democrat Hillary Clinton darkened the mood of delegates attending the current round of climate talks in Marrakesh.     Some delegates at the talks say that China is already setting an example.     “China is surprising us daily. Whatever they’ve promised they’re delivering,” said Tosi Mpanu Mpanu, of Democratic Republic of Congo, who heads the 48-nation group of least developed countries at the talks. ",1
7329,Hollande and Trump agreed to 'clarify' key issues including Middle East: source,"PARIS (Reuters) - French President Francois Hollande and U.S President-elect Donald Trump had a phone conversation on Friday in which they agreed to clarify positions on key issues such as the Middle East and Ukraine, said a source in Hollande’s camp. The source told Reuters that the phone conversation lasted between seven and eight minutes and took place in “good conditions”. “They agreed to work together on a number of key issues in order to clarify positions - the ‘war on terror’, Ukraine, Syria, Iran’s nuclear deal and the Paris climate change agreement,” said the source. ",1
7330,"Uncertain Afghanistan looks to Trump for decisions on troops, aid","KABUL (Reuters) - With so much riding on American support, Afghanistan is waiting anxiously to see if President-elect Donald Trump matches his maverick image and reverses policy or keeps to a path that has cost billions and committed thousands of troops to propping up a fragile ally. Much to the private annoyance of officials in Kabul, America’s longest war barely featured in the election campaign, but few were expecting the billionaire property developer to beat former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. “It’s been a complete surprise,” said one senior Afghan official closely involved in national security issues. “I think everyone was expecting the opposite result. “It (Afghanistan) wasn’t a priority in the campaign, that’s obvious. No one talked about Afghanistan at all. At least with Mrs. Clinton, though, you knew more or less what you were getting.” Afghanistan will nonetheless present the incoming Trump administration with one of its most intractable foreign policy challenges. The United States has spent some $115 billion in aid for Afghanistan, but 15 years after the hardline Islamist Taliban were toppled after the Sept. 11 attacks, a third of the country is out of government control and security forces are struggling. As recently as last week two U.S. service members were killed fighting the Taliban near the northern city of Kunduz, and expectations that Afghan security forces could survive without extensive foreign assistance have proved illusory. Faced with a mounting Taliban insurgency, Obama dropped his original aim of pulling out of Afghanistan entirely. In July, he decided to keep 8,400 U.S. troops in Afghanistan, shelving earlier plans to bring the numbers down to 5,500 and leaving it to his successor to decide how to move forward. Before the election, U.S. officials told partners that Afghanistan, whose war-ruined economy depends heavily on billions of dollars in foreign aid, will not be neglected by the new administration and that ties will remain strong and close. “You can be assured that Afghanistan will remain at the highest levels of our foreign policy agenda,” Ambassador Michael McKinley told an election day party at the U.S. embassy in Kabul, before the final results of the ballot were in. However, Trump’s “America First” doctrine has left many wondering if he will be willing to continue spending billions of dollars funding Afghanistan, particularly given his declaration that: “We’re getting out of the nation-building business”. Among Afghans who use social media, a sense that the incoming president is opposed to their old enemy Pakistan made some hope his election would be good for Afghanistan, but there is little to go on for those trying to parse his public remarks. So far, he has shown little interest in Afghanistan, although his most recent comments suggested he favored keeping troop numbers at around 5,500, the level they were intended to reach by the end of the year before Obama shelved the plan and set the number at 8,400. But in other comments, he has described America’s involvement in Afghanistan as “a terrible mistake” and appeared to set conditions on the U.S. commitment to NATO, which leads the Resolute Support advise-and-assist mission in Afghanistan. Security officials in Kabul say the threat that Islamic State militants could build their presence in Afghanistan should act as an incentive to keep a U.S. force in place, although they admit they remain in the dark about Trump’s intentions. “As Trump promised during his campaign that he would eliminate Daesh (Islamic State), we don’t think he would withdraw American forces from Afghanistan as Daesh is a new threat for Afghanistan and the region,” said one official, who spoke on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the issue. “But we are still in a state of uncertainty and we will wait and see what Trump has for Afghanistan,” he added. The decision will be vital for a country that is likely to depend on American support for years to come. “The United States will almost certainly continue to be the leading source of both military and civilian reconstruction aid to Afghanistan for years to come,” the latest report from the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction, a Congressional oversight body, said only last month. In an interview with CNN television last year, Trump himself appeared to accept that it was too late to pull U.S. forces out. “And at this point, you probably have to stay because that thing will collapse about two seconds after they leave,” he said, in the interview in October, 2015. ",1
7331,"Expert Views: What will be the impact of Trump presidency on immigration, refugees?","NEW YORK (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - The election of Republican Donald Trump to be the next U.S. president raises questions about the impact his administration  could have upon immigrants in the United States and the nation’s immigration and refugee policies. During his campaign Trump took a hardline position, proposing to build a wall along the United States’ border with Mexico and deport millions of undocumented immigrants. He also said he opposes accepting refugees fleeing violence in Syria and that Muslims should be banned from entering the United States, a proposal he later reworded as a call for a limit on immigration from “terror-prone regions”. Here are some experts’ views: Jennifer Gordon, professor at Fordham Law School in New York and an expert on immigration policy: “Trump campaigned on a promise to deport over 10 million undocumented immigrants. To carry this out would require staggering resources. But given his attacks on undocumented people, one thing seems near-certain: he will exercise his authority to cancel the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program that President Obama put in place to protect young undocumented immigrants. This will leave many hard-working undocumented teachers, housekeepers, lawyers, construction workers, students, health aides and doctors in a tremendously vulnerable position. Our country is richer in every way for their presence. We must fight with every tool at our disposal to defend the core American value of inclusion.” Lavinia Limon, president, U.S. Committee for Refugees and Immigrants, Washington: “We encourage our new president to continue the tradition of the best of American values including equal protection and respect for every member of society. Worldwide, millions are denied basic human rights and we are strengthened as a country when all of humanity is recognized. America has always been the beacon of hope for the oppressed and this must continue. “Throughout our history refugees and immigrants have been welcomed to America by presidents from both parties in war and in peace and the current global refugee crisis is no time to shrink from this leadership.” Gal Adam Spinrad, economic empowerment program coordinator, Refugee Women’s Network Inc., Decatur, Georgia:  “The words immigrant, refugee, Muslim, walls and terrorism have ignited fear, hostility and division throughout the 2016 presidential election cycle. “Refugees are scared right now. Their safety and future here feels more tenuous, and the messages they have heard throughout this election have in many cases revictimized and retraumatized them. They are concerned their missing family members won’t be allowed to join them in America. They fear they will lose their green cards or be deported. Like their American counterparts, they worry about how they will get health insurance, whether they will be able to go to college, if their food stamps will be lowered, if they will lose the Social Security disability coverage they began receiving after an injury at one of the local chicken factories where many of them work. “Our hope is that the incoming presidential administration - supported by the legislature on both sides of the aisle - will retain a spirit of inclusion that makes refugees feel not only welcome, but safe.” Doris Meissner, director of U.S. immigration policy program, Migration Policy Institute, Washington: “The Trump administration can be expected to chart a very different course on immigration and refugee policy, as the candidate’s views of immigration as a security and economic threat were central to his campaign. The most immediate changes are likely to be over refugee resettlement and the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program. “Mr. Trump has made clear his intent to end the resettlement of Syrian refugees, and it will be within the president’s authority to set refugee allocations by country and overall. He also pledged to terminate the DACA program, which provides relief from deportation to more than 700,000 unauthorized immigrants whose parents brought them here as children. He has also pledged to increase deportations of unauthorized immigrants.” Stephen Yale-Loehr, professor of immigration law practice,  Cornell Law School, Ithaca, New York: “Donald Trump made immigration restrictions a big part of his campaign. Now we will see if he follows through on his immigration plans. Some actions, like reversing President Obama’s executive actions that protect millions of young immigrants from deportation, can be done unilaterally. Others, like building a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border, will require Congress to change current law or spend billions of dollars. “Although Republicans will control Congress for the next two years, it is always difficult to enact significant immigration changes because immigration is so complex and controversial. Moreover, some of his immigration changes could be challenged in court. President-elect Trump stated in his victory speech that he will be fair to everyone. Let’s hope he keeps that promise to immigrants.”   Jim DeMint, president, Heritage Foundation, and former U.S. Senator from South Carolina: “Donald Trump campaigned on the promise to reverse the liberal policies of the Obama administration and pursue a largely conservative agenda, and securing our borders was his signature campaign issue. While pundits focused on ‘the wall’ and who would pay for it, his proposals were more comprehensive. For instance, people overstaying their visas account for 40 percent of the nation’s illegal immigrant population. Trump pledged to address that problem by fixing the nation’s entry-exit tracking system. “As for refugees, President Obama announced plans to admit 110,000 refugees - 40,000 from the Middle East and South Asia regions - in fiscal year 2017. Trump’s preferred plan is to establish ‘safe havens’ in Syria. He argues that this approach would safeguard ten times as many refugees as could be accommodated in this country.” Mark Krikorian, executive director, Center for Immigration Studies, Washington: “A Trump administration will restart routine immigration enforcement. This is a major change from the Obama policy of ignoring most non-violent immigration offenders. This means more border fencing, penalizing crooked businesses and implementing a check-out system for foreign visitors to prevent overstays (the main source of new illegal immigration). “Regarding legal immigration, refugee resettlement from the Middle East is likely to be suspended, pending a bottom-up review of the system. Foreign-worker programs will be modified so they can’t be used to replace American workers, as now. And over the longer term, our legal immigration system is likely to be shifted from its emphasis on family ties to one that focuses on skills.” Marielena Hincapie, executive director, National Immigration Law Center, Los Angeles: “The election of a candidate who staked his presidential bid on racist, xenophobic and misogynistic rhetoric has left our country more polarized than ever. President-elect Trump touted draconian changes to our immigration system, which should gravely concern everyone who cares about our values of fairness and equality.  “Many of Trump’s immigration proposals don’t square with our Constitution. Our communities have successfully beaten back similar ill-conceived proposals in states like Arizona and Alabama, and we will continue [to] fight - in the courtroom, if necessary - to ensure that the rights of immigrant and refugee communities are protected across the country.” David Bier, immigration policy analyst, Cato Institute, Washington: “Donald Trump promised to limit the flow of Muslim refugees. Current law leaves refugee admissions up to presidential discretion, and he could accomplish this on Day One. Compared to a religious test, barring refugees from countries with large Muslim populations would be easy to enforce and, assuming no reallocation, could reduce refugee flows by 40 percent. This would exclude Christians, however, whom he promised to save, and that could lead to pushback from Congress. “Trump may adopt one solution to which some Republicans have expressed openness: allowing Americans to sponsor their refugee family members. This could help Christian refugees while overcoming Trump’s security objections for certain Muslims, since DNA could verify their U.S. connections and sponsors could receive thorough vetting.” ",1
7332,U.S. consumer financial agency could be defanged under Trump,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, already in legal limbo after an October court decision, could find its powers scaled back by President-elect Donald Trump and a Republican-led Congress, according to members of both political parties, lobbyists and lawyers.  That may mean the end of many of the agency’s rule-making actions that have enraged critics, including a proposal to stop companies from blocking customers from class action lawsuits and another one to limit payday lending. Creation of the CFPB was authorized in the 2010 Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform law enacted in the aftermath of the 2007-09 financial crisis. The agency began operations in 2011. An agency to protect consumers’ finances was the idea of liberal Democratic Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts. Its creation is considered one of Democratic President Barack Obama’s top domestic policy achievements. A Trump administration is expected to be hostile to the agency as it is currently formulated. “The election spells very bad news for the CFPB,” said Alan Kaplinsky, head of the Consumer Financial Services Group at law firm Ballard Spahr.  Many Republicans opposed the agency’s creation. They now say they dislike its structure and believe it oversteps its authority in enforcement. “It’s a very fragile thing. It was birthed in controversy and is under constant attack,” said consumer attorney Deepak Gupta, who worked at the CFPB in its early days. “It may not survive the way we know it through this administration.” A single director leads both rule-making and enforcement, and can be dismissed only for cause. Furthermore, the agency is funded by the U.S. Federal Reserve system, which means it is not dependent on the typical congressional appropriations process. The Republican-led House of Representatives Financial Services Committee in September passed legislation without any Democratic votes that would change the name and structure of the agency and would create a five-member commission to govern it. Republicans also have pushed for the agency to receive funds from Congress to make it accountable to elected leaders. Both of those proposals would greatly weaken the power of Richard Cordray, the agency’s original and current director. Obama has blocked these Republican efforts with veto threats. Trump, though he has not directly addressed the CFPB, has said he wants to roll back parts of Dodd-Frank. Trump could, if he wanted to, fire Cordray on the first day of his presidency, especially following an October ruling by a three-judge federal appeals court panel that found the agency’s structure unconstitutional and that the president should be able to dismiss the director at will. That ruling was put on hold while the CFPB decides whether to petition the entire U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit for a review or appeal the ruling to the U.S. Supreme Court. The agency has until Nov. 25 to decide. Trump’s administration could withdraw any appeal, letting the decision stand. Cordray, appointed in 2013, is halfway through his five-year term. Few in the banking industry think the entire agency will be eliminated. Democrats who support the agency will have a large presence in the Senate. Warren, who was Obama’s first choice to head the agency, has promised that Democrats will fight efforts to defang it. Even some bankers want to see it stay. Richard Hunt, president of the Consumer Bankers Association, said his group would fight to maintain the CFPB in some form because it consolidates consumer banking rules under one regulator.  Trump takes office on Jan. 20. Cordray could be replaced early in 2017, said Mark Calabria, an economist at the libertarian Cato Institute think tank. Trump’s transition team is already looking into Cordray replacements, he said. The law allows for the president to terminate a director over inefficiency, malfeasance or neglect of duty, which leaves room for Trump to find cause regardless of what the appeals court decides, Calabria added. Cordray has set precedent with enforcement cases that Calabria and other critics have called backdoor rule-making.  “Cordray has left the CFPB vulnerable to what his successor may want done because he didn’t hardwire rule-making,” Calabria said. If Cordray quits or is removed, statute calls for his deputy to step into the job temporarily. Acting Deputy Director David Silberman, also a strong consumer advocate, would likely continue to carry out the current agenda, said Quyen Truong, a partner at Washington law firm Stroock & Stroock & Lavan. Truong was the assistant director and deputy general counsel for the CFPB until earlier this year. The CFPB did not respond to requests for comment on Cordray’s possible departure or the fate of current rule-making actions.  ",1
7333,Judge tells Trump University litigants they would be wise to settle,"SAN DIEGO (Reuters) - The U.S. judge overseeing a lawsuit against President-elect Donald Trump and his Trump University told both sides they would be wise to settle the case “given all else that’s involved.” Lawyers for the president-elect are squaring off against students who claim they were they were lured by false promises to pay up to $35,000 to learn Trump’s real estate investing “secrets” from his “hand-picked” instructors.  Earlier on Thursday, U.S. District Judge Gonzalo Curiel tentatively rejected a bid by Trump to keep a wide range of statements from the presidential campaign out of the fraud trial. Trump owned 92 percent of Trump University and had control over all major decisions, the students’ court papers say. The president-elect denies the allegations and has argued that he relied on others to manage the business.  Trial is scheduled to begin Nov. 28, and Curiel told lawyers he was not inclined to delay the six-year-old case further. Trump lawyer Daniel Petrocelli said he would ask to put the trial on hold until early next year, in light of the many tasks the magnate has before his inauguration. Curiel said he would allow both sides to file briefs on whether to delay the case. He also indicated they should consider making a deal.  “It would be wise for the plaintiffs, for the defendants, to look closely at trying to resolve this case given all else that’s involved,” Curiel said. Petrocelli told reporters after the hearing that Trump might have to be a “little more flexible” about settling the case now that he is president-elect, although the lawyer wasn’t sure his client would was willing. Curiel said that he would allow Trump to testify via video given his presidential obligations.  In the tentative ruling Curiel, based in San Diego, said Trump’s lawyers can renew objections to specific campaign statements and evidence during trial. Trump’s attorneys had argued that jurors should not hear about statements Trump made during the campaign, including about Curiel himself. Trump attacked the judge as biased against him. He claimed Curiel, who was born in Indiana but is of Mexican descent, could not be impartial because of Trump’s pledge to build a wall between the United States and Mexico.  Trump’s lawyers argued that Curiel should bar from the trial accusations about Trump’s personal conduct including alleged sexual misconduct, his taxes and corporate bankruptcies, along with speeches and tweets. They argued the information is irrelevant to the jury and prejudicial to the case.  In court papers, lawyers for the students claimed that Trump’s statements would help jurors as they weigh the Republican’s credibility. “Defendants have not identified specific evidence that they wish to exclude,” Curiel wrote on Thursday. “Accordingly, the court declines to issue a blanket ruling at this time.” The judge also barred Trump lawyers from telling jurors that the university had a 98 percent approval rate on student evaluations. That rating is irrelevant as to whether Trump University misrepresented itself, Curiel wrote. Curiel is presiding over two cases against Trump and the university. A separate lawsuit by New York’s attorney general is pending. ",1
7334,Trump and Obama set campaign rancor aside with White House meeting,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama and President-elect Donald Trump met on Thursday for the first time, setting aside the deep rancor that dominated the long campaign season to discuss the transition to the Republican’s inauguration on Jan. 20. Their 90-minute meeting in the White House Oval Office, with no aides present, took place just two days after Trump’s stunning election victory over Hillary Clinton, Obama’s former secretary of state. Obama, who vigorously campaigned for his fellow Democrat to succeed him, had repeatedly called Trump unfit for the president’s office, while the businessman had often dubbed  Obama’s eight-year tenure a “disaster.” But in separate post-election remarks on Wednesday, both men appeared to seek to help the country heal from a bitterly divisive campaign, and that tone continued into the White House meeting.  Seated next to Obama after their talks, Trump told reporters: “We really discussed a lot of situations, some wonderful, some difficulties.” He said Obama explained “some of the really great things that have been achieved,” but did not elaborate. “It was a great honor being with you and I look forward to being with you many, many more times in the future,” Trump said, with a tone of deference. Trump, a real estate magnate who has never held political office, later met congressional leaders, including U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan, a Republican who has had a strained relationship with Trump. “A fantastic day in D.C. Met with President Obama for first time. Really good meeting, great chemistry,” Trump said on Twitter late on Thursday. Amid the efforts to bury hatchets, there were protests in a string of U.S. cities against Trump for a second day on Thursday as demonstrators expressed concern that Trump’s election would be a blow to civil rights. “Just had a very open and successful presidential election. Now professional protesters, incited by the media, are protesting. Very unfair!” Trump tweeted. Obama said he had offered assistance to Trump over the next couple of months, and urged the country to unite to face its challenges. “We now are going to want to do everything we can to help you succeed because if you succeed, then the country succeeds,” Obama said, adding he and Trump discussed a range of domestic and foreign policy issues and details related to the transition period. “The meeting might have been at least a little less awkward than some might have expected,” White House spokesman Josh Earnest told reporters.     The two men’s relaxed, cordial demeanor in front of the cameras was in stark contrast to the months of harsh rhetoric during the campaign. Trump used Obama as a punching bag during his campaign speeches, repeatedly attacking the president’s policies from healthcare to an Iran nuclear deal. Both Obama and first lady Michelle Obama attacked Trump as temperamentally unfit for the White House and dangerously unprepared to have access to U.S. nuclear codes. Asked at a White House briefing on Thursday whether the meeting had eased any of the concerns about Trump that Obama expressed during the campaign, Earnest said: “The president was never in a position to choose a successor. The American people chose his successor.”          Trump went from the White House to Capitol Hill for meetings with Republican congressional leaders, most of whom had a frosty relationship with Trump during a campaign where he tore into the Washington establishment.  Republicans retained control of the Senate and House in Tuesday’s election, meaning at least some of Trump’s agenda may find friendly terrain in Congress. Trump emerged from meeting Ryan, along with Vice President-elect Mike Pence, to tell reporters: “We’re going to lower taxes as you know.” He added, in reference to Obama’s signature healthcare reform of 2010 that is a common target of Trump and congressional Republicans: “We’re going to fix healthcare and make it more affordable and better.”  Ryan has sought to smooth over his relationship with Trump and his spokeswoman, AshLee Strong, said he was “excited for the potential for unified Republican government and eager to get to work with Mr. Trump.” Trump also met for an hour with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, saying afterward that he had told the senator his top three priorities were better control of immigration and the borders, healthcare and jobs. In what seemed like a possible early pivot by Trump, controversial campaign proposals, including his call to ban Muslims from entering the United States, disappeared for a while on Thursday from the president-elect’s campaign website. His campaign later blamed a technical problem and the statements were returned to the website.  Trump declined to respond when asked by reporters after meeting with McConnell if he would ask Congress to ban Muslims from entering the country. On another Trump campaign pledge, a top Trump aide, former House Speaker Newt Gingrich told NPR he did not expect him to spend much time trying to make Mexico pay for a proposed wall along the U.S. southern border, but “it was a great campaign device.” Such proposals, along with his free-wheeling tone and frequent insults of critics and rivals, earned Trump the disapproval of not just Democrats but many in the Republican establishment during the election campaign. Trump’s camp also showed signs it was beginning building a government, with names for top Cabinet positions being leaked. Steve Bannon, Trump’s campaign chief, and Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus could be named chief of staff. Trump has long hinted that his Treasury secretary could be campaign finance chair Steven Mnuchin, formerly of Goldman Sachs, but there were reports U.S. Representative Jeb Hensarling and J.P. Morgan’s Jamie Dimon were also being considered. Thursday’s start at fence-mending also included meetings between Vice President Joe Biden and his future successor, Pence, and between the current and future first ladies.  Michelle Obama met privately with Trump’s wife, Melania, in the White House residence. Michelle Obama has raised two daughters in the White House and the Trumps have a son, 10 year-old Barron. The two women discussed raising children at the White House, Earnest said. “Melania liked Mrs. O a lot!,” Donald Trump said on Twitter.  ",1
7335,Liberal Warren throws down gauntlet to President-elect Trump,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Democrats’ liberal firebrand, Senator Elizabeth Warren, threw down the gauntlet to President-elect Donald Trump on Thursday, telling labor union members there are financial and social issues where her party will fight him and continuing to blast the Republican. Battling bigotry is the first job for Democrats after the election, said Warren, of Massachusetts, giving a sense of how her party will operate now that it no longer controls the White House and remains the minority in both chambers of Congress. “We will fight back against attacks on Latinos, African Americans, women, Muslims, immigrants, disabled Americans - on anyone,” said Warren, who sparred frequently over Twitter with Trump and criticized him on the campaign trail in the weeks leading up to Tuesday’s election. “Whether Donald Trump sits in a glass tower or sits in the White House, we will not give an inch on this, not now, not ever.” She said Trump had “encouraged a toxic stew of hatred and fear” and during the campaign “regularly made statements that undermined core values of our democracy.”  In the speech to the AFL-CIO labor federation, Warren also said Democrats will resist attempts to loosen financial regulation, “gut” the Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform law and eliminate the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB).  “If Trump and the Republican Party try to turn loose the big banks and financial institutions so they can once again gamble with our economy and bring it all crashing down, then we will fight them every step of the way,” she said. Warren did highlight areas of agreement. She said “count me in” on Trump’s support of a new Glass-Steagall law to separate investment and retail banking, reforming trade deals, maintaining Social Security benefits, helping on childcare and college costs and rebuilding infrastructure. Warren rose to lead the liberal wing of the party during the 2007-2009 financial crisis. After Republicans blocked President Barack Obama’s attempt to appoint her as the first director of the CFPB, she won a seat in Congress.  In 2015, progressive groups and a political action committee pressed her to run for president. Since Trump’s victory on Tuesday, many have already renewed their calls, for the 2020 presidential election. ",1
7336,Mayors of NY and Los Angeles pledge to remain immigrant sanctuaries,"LOS ANGELES/NEW YORK (Reuters) - Officials in New York and Los Angeles on Thursday said they hoped President-elect Donald Trump would not follow through on a campaign promise to withhold federal funds from “sanctuary cities” that shield people who are in the country illegally. The nation’s two largest cities have sharply limited their cooperation with U.S. immigration authorities seeking to deport undocumented immigrants. President Barack Obama’s administration has used so-called detainer requests to target undocumented immigrants convicted of criminal acts, especially violent ones. New York and Los Angeles do not hold undocumented inmates in jail at the request of the U.S. Department of Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) unless the detainer request is accompanied by a judge’s order, officials said. Trump said during a debate with Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton in October he would seek to deport major drug dealers. “We have some bad hombres here and we’re going to get them out,” he said.  Trump early in his campaign pledged to deport all 11 million undocumented immigrants in the United States and also threatened to withhold federal funds from sanctuary cities. New York Mayor Bill de Blasio said at a news conference on Thursday that New York would continue to defend undocumented immigrants. “We are not going to sacrifice a half million people who live among us, who are part of our community,” de Blasio said, referring to an estimate of the number of unauthorized immigrants living in New York. “We are not going to tear families apart.”  De Blasio said Trump’s threat to withhold funds from sanctuary cities was “dangerous,” but it was too soon to tell whether the president-elect intended to follow through on all his proposals. A spokeswoman for Trump did not return emails or a call. In Los Angeles, a spokeswoman for Mayor Eric Garcetti also voiced hopes over how Trump would proceed on the issue. “We comply with federal immigration agencies, but insist that detainer requests be handled constitutionally,” Connie Llanos, the spokeswoman, said in an email.  “It is Mayor Garcetti’s sincere hope that no president would violate those principles, the very foundation of our nation, by taking punitive action on cities that are simply protecting the well being of residents.”  California is one of five states that limit compliance with ICE detainer requests and similar policies are in place at 37 cities nationwide, according to the Immigrant Legal Resource Center. Last month, a federal judge in Illinois found the ICE detainer requests were unconstitutional, but the ruling did not apply nationwide. ",1
7337,Trump could easily erase much of Obama's foreign policy legacy,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama’s foreign policy legacy rests in part on a foundation of unilateral actions that his successor Donald Trump could reverse with the stroke of a pen. Due to take office on Jan. 20, Trump, the winner in Tuesday’s election, campaigned at times to dismantle Obama’s nuclear deal with Iran and to reimpose sanctions Obama eased on Cuba. Trump also disagreed with foreign policy decisions that included the way Obama has deployed troops abroad to combat Islamist militant groups. In his most notable foreign policy achievements, Obama, a Democrat, used executive authorities that offered a convenient legal path around a Republican-controlled Congress committed to blocking his agenda. The U.S. Constitution gives a president broad executive powers to enact foreign policy. Both Republican and Democratic presidents have sought to exercise those powers by issuing executive orders, presidential memoranda and what are called findings. “He (Obama) relied on executive authority to build a foreign policy legacy,” said Thomas Wright, director of the Project on International Order and Strategy at the Brookings Institution.  “That is all vulnerable to countervailing executive authority by a Trump administration,” Wright said. Obama had hoped to pass his legacy on to Democrat Hillary Clinton, his former secretary of state, but she lost the presidential election to Trump, a Republican businessman who has never held public office or served in the military.  Often contradicting himself during the campaign, Trump made it difficult to know for sure what policies he would pursue. Major constraints include budget caps, laws he cannot reverse without Congress, and the pressure that will emerge to replace policies he chooses to abandon. Trump said in an October speech that he would “cancel every unconstitutional executive action, memorandum and order issued by President Obama” on his first day in office, without saying who would determine their constitutionality. A Trump spokeswoman did not respond to a request for comment on Thursday on his latest plans. Perhaps nowhere has Obama faced more congressional opposition than in his pursuit of the 2015 deal with Iran, which Republicans and some Democrats said put too few restrictions on Iran’s nuclear program in return for too much sanctions relief. Trump has vowed to dismantle it, although his statements on the deal have been contradictory. A president may tighten and relax economic sanctions by executive order. “Anything enacted by executive order can be rescinded by executive order,” said Zachary Goldman, a former U.S. Treasury official now at New York University. Obama drew enough support from Democrats to block a Republican-led resolution rejecting the Iran deal, achieving a political victory but falling short of a consensus.  Trump will have the added advantage of working with a U.S. Senate and a House of Representatives controlled by fellow Republicans. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell said on Wednesday he hoped Trump would “see how much he can undo the unilateral actions the president took all by himself, which would not require us.” Breaking with longstanding U.S. policy on another issue, Obama restored diplomatic ties with Cuba in 2015. But facing opposition in Congress to lifting a broad economic embargo, especially from Republicans, he used executive actions to ease some U.S. sanctions. Obama capped his Cuba efforts last month with a sweeping  “presidential policy directive,” which also is reversible and sets forth mandates for government engagement, people-to-people exchanges, and greater U.S. business ties. Trump has taken contradictory positions on whether he supports the embargo or not. Obama’s aides said the easing of restrictions was aimed at securing enough benefits for U.S. businesses and travelers that it would be difficult, if not impossible, for any Republican president to reverse the opening to Cuba. Trump could roll back Obama’s efforts to create greater transparency about drone strikes. Obama issued an executive order in July requiring annual disclosures about such strikes. As commander-in-chief, Trump will wield the power to mobilize the U.S. military on short notice and without first seeking approval from Congress. Obama deployed U.S. troops to Iraq, Syria and Libya to help fight the Islamic State militant group by relying on the authority Congress granted President George W. Bush to battle al Qaeda. That same authority would allow Trump to ramp up U.S. deployments in fights against Islamist militants if he chose to do so. One former U.S. intelligence official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said the president can approve covert action and needs only to brief relevant leaders in Congress once the operation is under way. Trump’s powers, however, are limited. He pledged to expand the Army, grow the Marine Corps, boost the Navy from 276 to 350 ships and submarines, and raise the number of Air Force tactical aircraft from 1,100 to 1,200. For starters, that would require that Congress scrap government spending caps under the Budget Control Act. Trump’s support for water-boarding, an interrogation technique that simulates drowning, also would meet opposition. Congress last year passed legislation barring the use of waterboarding and other “extreme interrogation techniques” widely considered torture. Obama signed the measure into law last November. ",1
7338,How Hillary Clinton's white voters melted away,"BETHLEHEM, Pennsylvania (Reuters) - The unraveling of the coalition that was supposed to carry Hillary Clinton to the White House had a lot to do with voters like Jim McAndrew in counties like Northampton, Pennsylvania. McAndrew, 69, a retired steel worker, voted Democrat in every presidential election for half a century. This year he stayed home. And Northampton County, a heavily white, heavily Democratic, largely working class area that backed President Barack Obama in 2008 and 2012, went for Donald Trump, a Republican. McAndrew, who voted for Obama in the two previous races, was intrigued by Trump, but decided eventually that “all he does is insult everybody ... women, black people, white people, rich, poor. He’s an idiot.” He considered Clinton, but was concerned by the scandal over her handling of classified material on a private email server as secretary of state. “I hated both of them, so I just said, ‘the hell with it,’” McAndrew said. His wife, also a life-long Democrat, went to the polls without him - and voted Republican.  “First time ever,” he said. Trump’s ability to flip reliably Democratic counties like Northampton helped drive his victory in the presidential election this week. It was critical to his win in Pennsylvania and other Rust Belt states, a bulwark in the Democrats’ electoral strategy for winning the White House, and it helped fuel his victories in critical swing states, such as Florida and North Carolina. It’s not that Trump’s economic populism and “America First” messages generated widespread enthusiasm; he won some of those counties with far fewer votes than Mitt Romney captured as the Republican nominee in 2012. Nationwide, Trump’s 59.7 million votes are about 1.2 million behind the 60.9 million Romney got when he lost four years ago, based on initial projections. But Clinton’s troubles holding on to Democratic voters were far more stark. Some crossed party lines for Trump or backed an independent.  Many just stayed home.  Clinton won the popular vote with 59.9 million votes, 6 million fewer than the 65.9 million Obama won in 2012. And her weakness in traditionally Democratic areas helped cost her the electoral college that chooses the winner of the election. Clinton came across as a status quo candidate unlikely to shake up the Washington establishment, says Mike Sly, 74, a retiree and independent voter in Pinellas County, Florida, who backed Obama in 2012 and voted for Trump this year. Clinton’s message failed to convince him that she would address his concerns about the state of the economy and rising health insurance premiums under Obama’s Affordable Care Act. The race “came down to basically what change do I think is going to happen, and how I think it is going to happen,” Sly says. “I felt that Hillary really carried too much baggage to be trusted.” Clinton’s loss in Florida, a key battleground state, stemmed partly from her inability to hold voters like Sly in white, middle- and working-class areas that previously went Democrat. In vote-rich Pinellas, a beach community popular with retirees in the Tampa Bay region, Trump won 48 percent of the vote, besting Clinton’s 47 percent. In 2012, Obama won 52 percent. Nationally, initial projections show low voter turnout of just over 55 percent, the worst since the contested election of 2000, when Republican George W. Bush defeated then-Democratic Vice President Al Gore. In Obama’s first victory, turnout was more than 62 percent. Clinton beat Trump among black and Hispanic voters, but her effort to forge a winning coalition by leveraging that strength in diverse, urban areas was upended by Trump’s strength among whites. Meanwhile, Trump still managed to hold roughly the same level of minority support that Romney got in 2012. The pattern held true not only in rural areas, but also in many suburbs, particularly in the Rust Belt and the South, that tipped towards Obama in the previous two presidential races. “It was pretty much a base election, but one group was better at turning out their voters than the other,” says Susan MacManus, a University of South Florida political science professor. In Gates County, North Carolina, Trump’s vows to crack down on illegal immigration and police Muslim communities for radicalism resonated, says Eric J. Earhart, 49, pastor of the evangelical Upper Room Assembly church. “There has been a definite shift over the past eight years away from us being a Judeo-Christian nation,” Earhart adds, and many congregants worry about that. The rural county of 12,000 people went for Obama in 2012 with 52 percent of the vote, but it flipped into Trump’s column in this year’s race, giving him 53 percent. Thomas Hill, 38, chairman of the Gates County Republican Party, says voters also were attracted to Trump’s blunt speaking and his pledge to bring back manufacturing jobs that went overseas.  Trump’s economic message, which included a promise to kill free trade agreements that are unpopular among many working-class voters in industrial areas, also succeeded in Macomb County, Michigan, a predominantly white area north of Detroit. The number of voters casting ballots in the county jumped by more than 14,000 over 2012, and Trump captured 53 percent of the vote to Clinton’s 42 percent. Four years ago, Obama won the county with just under 52 percent of the vote.  “You’ve got a lot of blue collar workers here (and) ... a lot of union guys, and they went Republican,” says David Phair, 59, a construction worker and Trump voter who didn’t cast a ballot in 2012. “They’re tired of politicians.” Phair also liked Trump’s promise to end illegal immigration. “I’m looking forward to how he’s going to handle illegal aliens.” In Pennsylvania, Northampton County and neighboring Lehigh County, once reliant on steel companies, have bounced back from the industry’s decline. In Bethlehem, which straddles the two counties, new development has mushroomed around the old steel mill, including a Sands casino resort with 2,400 employees.  E-commerce companies, white collar firms and big corporations, such as Olympus, the Japanese imaging giant, have also  moved to the region. Lehigh and Northampton counties have a larger share of households than the state as a whole that earn more than $75,000, about 36 percent. All that suggests ripe country for Clinton. But the counties also are whiter and older than the country as a whole.  And Trump dominated voting among older whites. Around the table where McAndrew has a weekly poker game in the basement of the United Steel Workers office in Bethlehem, the retired men of the city’s steel mills have different opinions on why Clinton failed to match Obama’s success in the region. But they agree that she didn’t offer a compelling message. Among the five at the table, all lifelong Democrats, only three cast votes for Clinton. “She was going to continue everything the way it is and a lot of people think there are things that need to be changed,” says Ken Rayden, 80, who voted for Clinton, but mainly out of party loyalty. “She didn’t show the people anything new.” ",1
7339,Pollsters who predicted Trump win benefit from industry's miss,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - A handful of small public opinion polling companies that bucked consensus and accurately called the U.S. presidential election for Republican Donald Trump are reporting being flooded with calls from investors and clients seeking their services.  Most pollsters wrongly forecast Democrat Hillary Clinton as leading Trump ahead of Tuesday’s election in the latest fiasco to hit the $20 billion public opinion research industry, only months after it failed to predict the British vote to leave the European Union in a June referendum. Among the few that got it right was a new industry player using a different method, South African firm Brandseye, which analyzes social media posts. With offices in Capetown and Johannesburg, Brandseye took an entirely different approach from traditional polling. The data-miner pays people around the world to sift through social media for relevant posts, a process known as crowd-sourcing, and then uses a computer algorithm to rate consumer sentiment about products or politicians.  Its method pointed to a Trump victory. It also correctly called Britain’s Brexit vote. “My phone has not stopped,” CEO and part owner JP Kloppers said in a telephone interview on Thursday. Kloppers said venture capitalists have been calling about investing in the firm, and polling companies have inquired about its methods. Kloppers said the company was open to licensing its technology. Existing clients include ride-sharing firm Uber, banks, telecommunications firms and some government agencies, he said. He declined to identify the governments. “Elections come every couple of years, but there are companies and governments that need to understand every day and every week what’s driving customer satisfaction and dissatisfaction,” Kloppers said. New methods, if successful, are of high interest to polling companies that are having difficulty reaching cellphone users or survey-weary Americans.  “The answer is ongoing research,” said Krista Jenkins, director of the PublicMind survey research center at Fairleigh Dickinson University in New Jersey. “It’s basically digging in as an industry and comparing the findings from your traditional telephone polls to data that is collected online.” Traditional pollsters base their results on questions posed to randomly selected people, often in interviews conducted live over the telephone. Among other errors that pollsters made ahead of the U.S election, they almost universally miscalculated how turnout would be distributed among demographic groups. High-profile London-based polling agency YouGov PLC’s stock dropped 4 percent on Wednesday after its new method of surveying people online failed to accurately predict the U.S. presidential election’s outcome. Analysts were split on the reason behind the drop, and YouGov stock partly recovered on Thursday, closing up 2 percent in London trading.  No one from YouGov, which primarily does research for corporations, was immediately available to comment on the business implications of the polling miss, a spokesman said. The Reuters/Ipsos States of the Nation project gave Clinton a 90 percent probability of winning the 270 electoral votes needed to secure the election. On its website, one of the possible scenarios was how Trump could win the election by adjusting turnout levels. Ipsos SA will assess what it got wrong, said Clifford Young, president of the French research company’s U.S. public affairs unit. Election polling is generally not a big money-maker. Many polls are done by universities or the media, while private research companies use it to market themselves to corporate clients that provide more profitable work. Pioneering U.S. pollster Gallup last year abandoned head-to-head polls for the presidential race, saying it wanted to focus its resources on polls about issues. The outfits that wrongly foresaw a Clinton victory will suffer damage to their reputation, said Alex DeGroote, a London-based analyst at Peel Hunt LLP who follows the industry. “They attach their brand to these polls. If these polls continue to flop, it’s not going to help their brand credibility,” DeGroote said. Among this year’s winners may be Remington Research Group. The Kansas City, Missouri-based pollster correctly predicted that Trump would win the election battleground states of Florida, North Carolina and Ohio, although it missed Trump’s surprising Wisconsin victory. The company, which frequently works with Republican politicians, conducts a mix of automated phone interviews and live phone interviews. It may have done relatively well because other firms were afraid of standing out from the crowd, said Titus Bond, the group’s director. “A lot of pollsters, they want to be at the same number as everyone else,” Bond said. Bond said he received three calls on the morning after the election from corporate clients in the pharmaceutical and fertilizer industries and three others from advocacy groups, all seeking to do business. ",1
7340,Trump outreach to Dimon for Treasury job may fall on deaf ears,"(Reuters) - JPMorgan Chase & Co Chief Executive Officer Jamie Dimon did not support Republican Donald Trump’s presidential campaign, yet some Trump advisers want America’s most famous banker to become Treasury Secretary to calm nerves on Wall Street. A member of Trump’s transition team contacted Dimon recently to see if he would be interested in the role, two people familiar with the matter told Reuters on Thursday. It was not clear whether Dimon had responded, though he has said emphatically multiple times that he was not interested in the role. JPMorgan spokesman Andrew Gray declined to comment, and Dimon, who is traveling outside the United States, could not be reached. Trump’s close circle of advisers includes several with Wall Street ties. His campaign finance manager, Steven Mnuchin, is a former Goldman Sachs Group Inc banker. Fundraiser Anthony Scaramucci is a hedge fund executive. A person familiar with Trump’s personnel efforts said the transition team’s list included Dimon, Mnuchin and Rep. Jeb Hensarling. The person said that Mnuchin was a more likely choice given his proximity to Trump. Trump’s controversial rhetoric and behavior during the campaign concerning immigrants, women, minorities, the disabled, Muslims and China, among other things, were offensive to many senior Wall Street executives who have tried to embrace inclusion, diversity and globalization. Trump also criticized Wall Street on the trail, saying the industry “got away with murder” and would not be let off the hook. Since being elected on Tuesday, Trump has softened his tone and tried to bridge gaps by meeting with President Obama and taking calls from foreign officials. Bringing Dimon on board could help him mend fences with the financial industry, which appears to be coming around to the idea of Trump in the White House. At an event on Thursday, Goldman Sachs Group Inc CEO Lloyd Blankfein said Trump could be good for the economy and Dimon would be an excellent choice for Treasury Secretary, while hedge fund manager Bill Ackman said Trump’s advisers would get “the best and brightest” to run the economy. Hensarling’s office indicated in a statement that he did not want the job. “Serving in his Cabinet is not something I’ve indicated an interest in and it’s not something I am pursuing,” the statement said. He said he looked forward to working in Congress to repeal the Dodd-Frank Act which tightened regulations on Wall Street in the wake of the financial crisis. Dimon, a lifelong Democrat, has been floated as a possible candidate for roles like Treasury Secretary in the past. However, resentment toward bankers following the 2007-2009 financial crisis made his candidacy much less likely, as did JPMorgan-specific scandals related to a costly derivatives trade and bad mortgages. A $13 billion mortgage settlement JPMorgan reached with the federal government in 2013 prompted Trump then to call Dimon “the worst banker in the United States.” However, Dimon has managed to retain a reputation within the banking industry as a distinguished leader, in part by the way he handled those scandals and the way he talks about JPMorgan’s role in society as the largest U.S. bank. For instance, Dimon decided to have JPMorgan make big investments in Detroit, calling it a civic duty to turn around an economically challenged city. His memos, speeches and letters to shareholders are often sprinkled with patriotic language. “America is best when we come together with clear leadership, expertise and the political will to take on difficult challenges and get things done,” the 60-year-old chairman and CEO said in a memo to JPMorgan Chase employees following Tuesday’s election. “No one should ever doubt the strength and resilience of our country and our democracy.” However, Dimon has said as recently as September that he would not want a role as Treasury Secretary. If he holds to that, it could put him and JPMorgan in an awkward position. Saying “no” to a presidential request to join the cabinet is unusual, and the bank would then be overseen by appointees from an administration Dimon rejected. Even so, his associates do not expect Dimon to say “yes.”  Dimon has said his determination to act would make it hard to make political compromises. Talking before an audience in September, he said the only job in government he would want is the one Trump is about to get. “I would love to be president of the United States of America,” Dimon told the Economic Club of Washington. “Until Donald Trump got to where he was, they said you’ll never see a rich businessman who’s never been in politics be president. I clearly was wrong about that.” ",1
7341,Trying to move on from the U.S. election? Tune into November 2020,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Missing those presidential campaign highs and lows? Suffering post-U.S. election blues?  Whether you loved Tuesday’s result or were dismayed, there are places to help you focus on the next presidential contest on Nov. 3, 2020. Online sites such as Ireland-based Paddy Power already are putting odds on the next man or woman who will take over the White House after Donald Trump’s first four-year term ends in January 2021. Republican Trump, who beat Democratic rival Hillary Clinton on Tuesday, is Paddy Power’s clear current favorite to win in 2020 and serve a maximum second term.  His closest rivals are vice president-elect Mike Pence, the just defeated vice presidential candidate Tim Kaine and Republican U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan. They are followed by outgoing first lady Michelle Obama and Clinton. Some very long shots on Ireland-based Paddy Power's extensive list include Clinton's daughter, Chelsea Clinton, and the actor who plays a chillingly corrupt politician in the hit TV series ""House of Cards,"" Kevin Spacey. (bit.ly/2fG1VYr) Britain-based Ladbrokes' online betting site has a shorter line-up but also includes Trump as favorite to win in 2020. (bit.ly/2emXXWH) Various websites allow you to set a by-the-second countdown until Election Day in 2020, including here. As of Thursday, there were 1,453 days to go. ",1
7342,Obama asks for $11.6 billion more in supplemental defense budget,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama on Thursday sent a request to Congress for an additional $11.6 billion in supplemental war-related funding, which would include money to fight Islamic State militants and sustain high overseas troop levels. The request, detailed in a letter released by the White House, seeks an additional $5.8 billion for the Pentagon for military operations in Afghanistan and fighting Islamic State in Iraq and Syria, and an $5.8 billion for the State Department and United States Agency for International Development (USAID) for fiscal 2017. Obama made the request just before Congress returns to Washington for its “lame duck” session before the new Congress starts in January. “For the Department of Defense, this plan reflects the evolving nature of our military campaign against ISIL and our efforts in Afghanistan,” U.S. Secretary of Defense Ash Carter said in a statement, using an acronym for Islamic State.  Carter added that the funding would also allow the State Department and USAID to counter extremism. “Swift passage of this plan will help the Department of Defense and our partners in the U.S. government and around the world protect this nation, and I urge Congress to support it,” the statement said.  U.S. Representative Mac Thornberry, the chairman of the House of Representatives Armed Services Committee, said he would review President Barack Obama’s request but that it was too low. “While we will review the request carefully, the amount still does not accommodate the increased pace of operations against ISIL and does nothing to begin addressing the readiness crisis,” Thornberry said in a statement. ",1
7343,Mexico President Pena Nieto says optimistic about U.S. relationship,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto said on Thursday he was optimistic Mexico could come up with a new, positive bilateral relationship with the United States after the election of Donald Trump as president. “I have real optimism that we will be able to build a new working agenda in the bilateral relationship that would be positive,” Pena Nieto told a conference. “It will also benefit the societies of both countries.” Pena Nieto said on Wednesday that he and Trump have agreed to meet, possibly during the transition period before his inauguration on Jan. 20. ",1
7344,Trump strongly considering naming campaign chief Bannon as chief of staff: CNN,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump is strongly considering naming his campaign chief Steve Bannon to serve as White House chief of staff, CNN reported on Thursday, citing a source with knowledge of the situation. ",1
7345,Judge tells Trump University litigants they would be wise to settle,"SAN DIEGO (Reuters) - The U.S. judge overseeing a lawsuit against President-elect Donald Trump and his Trump University told both sides they would be wise to settle the case “given all else that’s involved.” Lawyers for the president-elect are squaring off against students who claim they were they were lured by false promises to pay up to $35,000 to learn Trump’s real estate investing “secrets” from his “hand-picked” instructors.  Earlier on Thursday, U.S. District Judge Gonzalo Curiel tentatively rejected a bid by Trump to keep a wide range of statements from the presidential campaign out of the fraud trial. Trump owned 92 percent of Trump University and had control over all major decisions, the students’ court papers say. The president-elect denies the allegations and has argued that he relied on others to manage the business.  Trial is scheduled to begin Nov. 28, and Curiel told lawyers he was not inclined to delay the six-year-old case further. Trump lawyer Daniel Petrocelli said he would ask to put the trial on hold until early next year, in light of the many tasks the magnate has before his inauguration. Curiel said he would allow both sides to file briefs on whether to delay the case. He also indicated they should consider making a deal.  “It would be wise for the plaintiffs, for the defendants, to look closely at trying to resolve this case given all else that’s involved,” Curiel said. Petrocelli told reporters after the hearing that Trump might have to be a “little more flexible” about settling the case now that he is president-elect, although the lawyer wasn’t sure his client would was willing. Curiel said that he would allow Trump to testify via video given his presidential obligations.  In the tentative ruling Curiel, based in San Diego, said Trump’s lawyers can renew objections to specific campaign statements and evidence during trial. Trump’s attorneys had argued that jurors should not hear about statements Trump made during the campaign, including about Curiel himself. Trump attacked the judge as biased against him. He claimed Curiel, who was born in Indiana but is of Mexican descent, could not be impartial because of Trump’s pledge to build a wall between the United States and Mexico.  Trump’s lawyers argued that Curiel should bar from the trial accusations about Trump’s personal conduct including alleged sexual misconduct, his taxes and corporate bankruptcies, along with speeches and tweets. They argued the information is irrelevant to the jury and prejudicial to the case.  In court papers, lawyers for the students claimed that Trump’s statements would help jurors as they weigh the Republican’s credibility. “Defendants have not identified specific evidence that they wish to exclude,” Curiel wrote on Thursday. “Accordingly, the court declines to issue a blanket ruling at this time.” The judge also barred Trump lawyers from telling jurors that the university had a 98 percent approval rate on student evaluations. That rating is irrelevant as to whether Trump University misrepresented itself, Curiel wrote. Curiel is presiding over two cases against Trump and the university. A separate lawsuit by New York’s attorney general is pending. ",1
7346,"Bannon, Priebus top candidates for White House chief of staff: NY Times","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Donald Trump’s campaign chief, Steve Bannon, is a leading candidate to become White House chief of staff, but Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus is also being considered for the job, the New York Times reported on Thursday. Bannon, the executive chairman of the conservative website Breitbart News, is well liked among Trump’s circle of advisers, the Times said. Priebus is said to be viewed favorably by Trump’s daughter Ivanka and son-in-law Jared Kushner, the newspaper said.     ",1
7347,Trump considering Rep. Hensarling for Treasury secretary: WSJ,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Aides to President-elect Donald Trump are considering Republican Representative Jeb Hensarling of Texas as a candidate for Treasury secretary, the Wall Street Journal reported on Thursday, citing people familiar with the matter. Hensarling told the Journal on Thursday he would “certainly have the discussion” if the Trump administration came calling. “But I’m not anticipating the telephone call,” Hensarling added. “It is not something I’ve indicated interest in. It is not something I am pursuing. ... I think I’m in a pretty good position now to advance the cause,” he told the Journal. ",1
7348,"Trump, after meeting Ryan, says will move fast on healthcare, immigration","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump said on Thursday after a meeting with House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan that after his inauguration he will work very rapidly on issues like healthcare and immigration. Speaking in Ryan’s office, Trump told reporters: “We are going to lower taxes, as you know,” and added: “I think we are going to do some absolutely spectacular things for the American people.”         ",1
7349,"Trump says discussed immigration, healthcare and jobs in Senate meeting","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump, after a meeting with the Senate Republican leader on Thursday, said his top three priorities are immigration, healthcare and jobs. Trump spoke to reporters after his meeting with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell. Earlier Thursday, Trump held meetings with House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan and President Barack Obama.  ",1
7350,Glitch briefly removes 'Muslim ban' proposal from Trump website,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Some of the most controversial proposals Donald Trump made while running for U.S. president disappeared from his campaign website on Thursday, but a spokesman said what some observers took as a softening of Trump’s policies was due to a technical glitch. The link to Trump’s Dec. 7 proposal titled: “Donald J. Trump statement on Preventing Muslim Immigration,” in which he called for “a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States” vanished temporarily from the website but later reappeared. So too did a list of Trump’s potential Supreme Court justice picks as president and certain details of his economic, defense and regulatory reform plans. “The website was temporarily redirecting all specific press release pages to the home page,” Trump spokesman Steven Cheung said in an email.  Links to Trump’s policy proposals, including the Muslim ban, were working again by 3:30 p.m. EST (2030 GMT). The links, which had redirected readers to a campaign fundraising page, appeared to have been removed around Election Day on Tuesday, when Trump won a historic upset against Democratic rival Hillary Clinton, according to a website that records historic snapshots of web pages. In an appearance on CNBC on Thursday, Saudi Prince Alwaleed bin Talal praised Trump for removing the Muslim ban proposal from his website and also said Trump had deleted statements offensive to Muslims from his Twitter account. The prince could not be reached for comment after the links were restored. Several tweets attacking Muslims that Trump sent while campaigning for president remained in his feed on Thursday,  including a March 22 tweet in which Trump wrote:  “Incompetent Hillary, despite the horrible attack in Brussels today, wants borders to be weak and open-and let the Muslims flow in. No way!” After initially praising the removal of the Muslim ban proposal at a news conference with other civil rights leaders on Thursday, Samer Khalaf, president of the American-Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee, said in a follow-up interview the group was hoping to see better behavior from Trump. “False hope just came over us,” Khalaf said, but “we didn’t really think it was monumental that they took down the language.” Khalaf said Trump’s policies were more important than any statements. “He’s elected, he said some horrible things, now we have to see what his policies are. If they’re good policies we’re going to commend him for it. If they’re horrible policies we’re going to challenge him on it.” Despite the temporary glitch, most of Trump’s core policy positions had remained on his website, including his central immigration promise to build an “impenetrable physical wall” on the border with Mexico and make Mexico pay for its construction. It was not the first time the Trump campaign blamed technical difficulties for changes to its website. The campaign this year also replaced the part of the site describing Trump’s healthcare policy with a different version. When contacted about it by Reuters in September, the campaign put the original page back up. ",1
7351,Ex-congressman indicted on 24 counts in spending scandal,"CHICAGO (Reuters) - A former U.S. representative whose lavish office in Washington raised questions about use of taxpayer dollars was indicted on Thursday on charges of defrauding the federal government and campaign committees and attempting to cover it up, according to court documents.  Aaron Schock, a 35-year-old former Republican congressman from Illinois, was indicted by the U.S. Department of Justice on 24 counts, including wire fraud, theft of government funds and filing false federal income tax returns. Schock maintained his innocence on Thursday before the indictment was announced.  “Neither I nor anyone else intentionally did anything wrong,” he said in a statement. “As I have said before, we might have made errors among a few of the thousands and thousands of financial transactions we conducted, but they were honest mistakes – no one intended to break any law.”  Schock’s position in public office did not put him above the law, the Department of Justice said.  “These charges allege that Mr. Schock deliberately and repeatedly violated federal law, to his personal and financial advantage,” Jim Lewis, U.S. attorney for the Central District of Illinois, said in a statement on Thursday.  “Mr. Schock held public office at the time of the alleged offenses, but public office does not exempt him or anyone else from accountability for alleged intentional misuse of public funds and campaign funds.” Schock, elected to the, U.S. House of Representatives in 2008 at the age of 27, gained a following for posting flashy photos on social media of himself traveling around the world.  But he was hounded with questions after The Washington Post reported last year about lavish decorations in his Capitol Hill office based on the PBS period melodrama “Downton Abbey.”  Although staff told the Post that the interior design work had been done for free, the story prompted more investigations into Schock’s spending habits, with several media outlets reporting he failed to disclose some expenditures and had to repay others after improperly using taxpayer funds. On Thursday, Schock said before the indictment that his faith in the Justice Department had been eroded.        “This indictment will look bad, but underneath it is just made-up allegations of criminal activity arising from unintentional administrative errors,” George Terwilliger III, Schock’s attorney, said in a statement prior to the indictment.   A summons will be issued to Schock by the U.S. Clerk of the  Court for an arraignment date in Springfield, Illinois. ",1
7352,White House says Obamacare enrollment a priority,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Getting more Americans to enroll for health insurance under President Barack Obama’s healthcare law known as Obamacare is a top priority of his administration until President-elect Donald Trump takes office on Jan. 20, the White House said on Thursday. “We would be focused on ... maximizing the opportunity that currently is available for millions of Americans to go to healthcare.gov during the open enrollment period and sign up for healthcare,” White House spokesman Josh Earnest told a news briefing. Sylvia Burwell, the secretary of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, tweeted on Thursday that Nov. 9 was HealthCare.gov’s best day with 100,000 sign-ups since it began selling the 2017 Obamacare plans on Nov. 1. The government’s goal is for more than 13.8 million sign-ups initially. Trump has said that he plans to repeal Obamacare, formally known as the Affordable Care Act. Insurers have said that 2017 Obamacare plans will remain in place and that any changes would affect 2018 plans. Earnest said that people should not worry about what could happen to the healthcare exchanges under the Trump administration. “These are benefits that are available to them today. We certainly would encourage people to sign up and capitalize on the good opportunity that’s there,” he said. Obama met with Trump on Thursday for the first time in a one-on-one, 90-minute meeting in the White House Oval Office.    Trump also released a review of his goals to overhaul healthcare on his website, reiterating that he would repeal the Affordable Care Act. Trump’s pledge to repeal Obamacare may not be easy. He does not have the votes in Congress for an outright repeal and will have to cut away at its financing first, health policy experts say. ",1
7353,'Rage against the machine': U.S. voters reject a 'rigged' system," (This November 9th story has been refiled to clarify that Keyes comment in 3rd paragraph from end was said in jest) By Andy Sullivan and Michelle Conlin WASHINGTON (Reuters) - In a bitterly divisive presidential election, at least one thing united U.S. voters: a feeling that the country’s economic and political systems were tilted against them. A Reuters/Ipsos Election Day poll of 45,000 voters found an electorate burning with resentment against Wall Street, politicians and the news media, increasingly alienated from a country that is changing in ways it doesn’t like. This sense of alienation transcended partisan boundaries, uniting supporters of Republican victor Donald Trump and his  Democratic rival, Hillary Clinton. “This is rage against the machine,” said Carrie Sheridan, a former supporter of Democratic President Barack Obama, as fellow Trump supporters celebrated the real-estate mogul’s victory early Wednesday by pouring champagne on each other at his $200 million luxury hotel near the White House. Some 75 percent of poll respondents, Republicans and Democrats alike, agreed that the country needs a “strong leader” to take the country back from the rich and powerful.  Seven out of ten agreed that the economy is “rigged” to benefit wealthy insiders. Most backed the notion that their leaders were out of touch: 77 percent of Trump supporters and 56 percent of Clinton supporters agreed that traditional politicians didn’t care about people like them. (Graphic of Reuters/Ipsos poll: tmsnrt.rs/2ffJJ9A)  This sense of disconnection ran deepest among Trump supporters. Some 73 percent agreed with the idea that “more and more, I don’t identify with what America has become,” while 61 percent said they felt like strangers in their own country. Most Clinton supporters said they didn’t share those sentiments. Nine out of ten Trump supporters said mainstream media is more interested in making money than telling the truth.  Trump, who travels in his own 757 jet, might seem like an unlikely candidate to benefit from this anti-elite sentiment.  But by 8 p.m. Eastern time, lines had formed at the velvet ropes by 8 p.m. Eastern time outside Trump’s new hotel in between the White House and the U.S. Capitol, where a steak costs $60 and wine is sold by the spoonful.  “These are shadow voters, voters who have never voted before,” said Preston Parry, 20, who was watching the results with a throng of friends, all of them wearing suits and Trump campaign trucker hats. Despite his gilded lifestyle, Trump capitalized on working-class fears of a rapidly changing country. Styling himself as a “blue-collar billionaire,” he promised to bring back manufacturing jobs back to forgotten factory towns and sharply curtail immigration.  He drew overwhelming support from white working-class voters in Rust Belt states like Ohio and Pennsylvania, winning enough states to capture the White House even as he lost the popular vote. Trump’s scathing characterization of Clinton as a corrupt career politician also resonated in an year when many voters said they were primarily casting a vote against one of the candidates. Some 46 percent of Trump supporters said they backed him because they didn’t want Clinton to win, while 40 percent of Clinton supporters said they were motivated primarily to stop Trump from reaching the White House.  Those who made up their minds in the last week of the campaign were more likely to cite opposition to one of the candidates as their main reason for voting. Politicians like Clinton are “taking away from what we were as a country and saying we should change because of the people coming in, the immigrants and refugees,” said John Scherer, a 57-year-old former maintenance worker in Portsmouth, Ohio. Scherer’s sentiments were widely shared by Trump supporters, as 72 percent agreed with the idea that immigrants threaten traditional American beliefs and customs. Three-quarters of Clinton backers, by contrast, said immigrants strengthened U.S. society. The Reuters/Ipsos Election Day poll was conducted online in English in all 50 states, including more than 45,000 people who already voted in the presidential election. Voter dissatisfaction isn’t exactly new. Surveys have consistently found since 2002 that most people believe the country is on the wrong track, a period that encompasses a Republican and Democratic president, two wars, a deep recession and a slow recovery. Trump supporters were more likely to share this frustration. Some 70 percent who backed the Republican real-estate mogul said they felt the country was on the wrong track, while only 23 percent of Clinton supporters agreed, according to the Reuters/Ipsos tracking poll. Those figures could quickly turn on their head as the reality of a Trump presidency sinks in. Across the country, Clinton supporters used unusually harsh language when describing the election result.  In Washington, D.C., non-profit manager Trisha Postyuk said she saw her vote for Clinton as “a triumph over evil.”  In St. Petersburg, Florida, cafe owner Amanda Keyes, 33, said racist and sexist attitudes are going to take many years to overcome. “Misogyny will continue to bubble through the country but I can only hope that the old people will die,” she said jokingly. At Trump’s hotel, a couple from Atlanta looked at a text message from a friend who had bet them $100 that Trump would lose.  “Please don’t ever text me again,” the message said.     ",1
7354,Trump's foreign policy approach almost same as that of Putin: Kremlin,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Kremlin said on Thursday U.S. President-elect Donald Trump’s foreign policy approach was “phenomenally close” to that of President Vladimir Putin, giving Russia hope that tattered U.S.-Russia relations could gradually be improved. Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov, speaking in New York, said he saw incredible similarities between the two men’s foreign policy ideas, and this meant there was a solid basis to start a meaningful dialogue between Moscow and Washington.          Peskov, in the United States for a chess tournament, said he was struck by how similar parts of Trump’s victory speech were to a speech Putin gave in southern Russia last month.  Both men said they would put their own country’s national interests first, but that they would be ready to develop ties with other nations, depending on how ready other countries were to deepen relations themselves. “They (Putin and Trump) set out the same main foreign policy principles and that is incredible,” Peskov said in comments broadcast by Russian state TV’s Channel One on Thursday evening. “It is phenomenal how close they are to one another when it comes to their conceptual approach to foreign policy. And that is probably a good basis for our moderate optimism that they will at least be able to start a dialogue to start to clear out the Augean stables in our bilateral relations.”  With Moscow and Washington now at odds over Syria, Ukraine and NATO, Peskov cautioned that it would take a long time before relations could return to a high level, however, because of how far they had been allowed to deteriorate. “An atmosphere of mutual trust takes years to achieve,” he said. “It’s not possible to just declare that there is an atmosphere of mutual trust, especially after such serious damage was done in the last few years to our relations.” Peskov told the TASS news agency separately that Putin was ready to be flexible when it came to mending ties which he wanted to improve, but that there was a limit to his flexibility and that he would need to see some U.S. reciprocity. Peskov spoke after one of Russia’s most senior diplomats told the Interfax news agency earlier on Thursday that the Russian government had been in touch with members of Trump’s political team during the U.S. election campaign and knew most of his entourage. ",1
7355,Trump's business empire poses unprecedented potential conflicts of interest,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Donald Trump campaigned for president as a savvy billionaire who would apply his business acumen to improving the U.S. economy, cutting taxes for Americans and negotiating better trade deals. But his vast, complicated network of businesses under the Trump Organization, including numerous foreign investments and debts, could create unprecedented conflicts of interest when he takes the oath of office as U.S. president in January, government ethics experts said.  Federal law does not prohibit the president from being involved in private business while in office, even though members of Congress and lower-ranking executive branch officials are subject to strict conflict-of-interest rules. Lyndon Johnson, for instance, quietly managed his broadcasting businesses despite insisting publicly that he had ceased all involvement, according to his biographer, Robert Caro. “There are no legal restrictions, no legal requirements,” said Noah Bookbinder, the executive director of the nonpartisan watchdog Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington. But most presidents in recent decades have voluntarily placed their personal assets, including property and financial holdings, in blind trusts overseen by independent advisers to avoid any appearance of impropriety, experts said. Under a blind trust, the owner has no say or knowledge in how the assets are managed. President Barack Obama was one exception, but his investments are mostly in broad-based index funds and U.S. Treasury notes with little chance of conflicts. Trump’s businesses include licensing deals, hotels and golf courses around the world. During the campaign, he filed a 104-page financial disclosure statement, as required by law, that showed he had financial interests in more than 500 entities with names like China Trademark LLC and DT Marks Qatar LLC but had few details. While plenty of wealthy men have been president, no one has ascended to the White House with such a complex array of assets. Trump’s spokeswoman did not respond to a request for comment on how he planned to manage his businesses while he was in the White House. During the campaign, Trump did say he would likely transfer day-to-day operations to his children. But experts in government ethics said that would do little to insulate Trump. “That presumably frees some time up for him to be the president, but it doesn’t do anything to clear the conflicts of interest,” said Kenneth Gross, a Washington, D.C.-based lawyer who has counseled high-ranking political appointees on ethics laws. “His family’s interests, his children’s interests, are co-existent with his own.” The nature of Trump’s businesses, Gross said, makes a blind trust all but meaningless – even if he were inclined to shift control of his empire from his family, an idea he has rejected. Gross advised Michael Bloomberg, a New York billionaire businessman, when he became mayor of New York City. Bloomberg stepped away from day-to-day operations at his data and media company, Bloomberg LP, and donated all terminals that were used by city agencies to avoid any impression of profiting from public funds. Some of the potential problems for the Republican president-elect are obvious. One of his latest ventures, a luxury hotel in Washington just blocks from the White House, leases its property from the U.S. government, putting Trump on both sides of any landlord-tenant disputes. Others are more opaque. Trump has licensing deals and diverse real estate holdings in numerous countries that could benefit from foreign government subsidies or tax breaks. Companies in which he holds an interest owe hundreds of millions of dollars in debt to foreign banks that are subject to U.S. regulations, such as Deutsche Bank and Bank of China, according to the New York Times and the Wall Street Journal. His properties include hotels in countries like Turkey, Uruguay, the Philippines and South Korea, and golf courses in the United Arab Emirates, Ireland and Britain.   Conflicts of interest could stem, for example, from countries trying to influence policies by doing business with any of his companies or even his children. His daughter Ivanka has a line of fashion products, which along with other Trump-branded items are made in countries like China. Trump has accused China of currency manipulation and threatened to put tariffs on its imports. Trump’s opponent, Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton, faced criticism during the campaign over the Clinton Foundation, the charity founded by her husband, former President Bill Clinton. That was despite an ethics agreement that Hillary Clinton signed in 2009 in order to become Obama’s secretary state that was designed to ensure donors could not sway U.S. foreign policy. Under the deal, the State Department was allowed to review any new contributions from foreign governments. Unlike Clinton, however, Trump is not answerable to anyone else as president. And he has already shown himself willing to blur the lines between campaigning and marketing, holding events at his own properties and touting his companies during speeches.  Given the high-profile properties that bear his name, a blind trust would do little to help his case, experts said. “You can’t put a golf course in a blind trust; it would be pointless,” said Robert Kelner, a Washington lawyer and an expert on government ethics. “The idea behind a blind trust is that it’s blind – you don’t know what assets are held.” The only unassailable solution, experts said, would be for Trump to sell off his businesses and place the proceeds in a blind trust. With no legal requirements, Trump’s actions as president are only subject to the will of the voters or to built-in checks and balances like Congressional oversight.  The potential for conflicts is exacerbated by the lack of publicly known details about Trump’s holdings. Even his net worth is unclear. Trump has boasted of more than $10 billion in wealth, but financial magazines have estimated his fortune at less than half that. He has refused to release his tax returns, breaking with decades of presidential campaign tradition, and legal experts said he is under no obligation to do so as president. His dealings with foreign governments are thus largely unknown. He will likely face scrutiny of policy decisions that affect countries where he is known to have business interests, said Bookbinder. ",1
7356,"Investors, economists brace for new dangerous game: parsing Trump's words","NEW YORK (Reuters) - Move over, Janet Yellen. The Federal Reserve chief has a challenger for the title of speaker most scrutinized by Wall Street, and it’s Donald Trump.  All new U.S. President-elects are closely monitored by the financial community for clues about what their policies mean for markets. But Trump’s speaking style, often using enthymemes or incomplete sentences that leave room for interpretation, along with vague or contradictory campaign promises make him all the more challenging to decipher.  “His statements are crazy. He says peculiar things, like building the wall and getting Mexico to pay for it, that you know are just not going to happen,” said Allan Meltzer, a Fed historian and professor of political economy at Carnegie Mellon University, in Pittsburg.  “But his actions as opposed to his statements have been very moderate,” he said. Exhibit A for how Trump has policy makers and investors hanging on his every word came shortly after the Republican’s conciliatory acceptance speech early Wednesday. Bonds fell and stocks gained as investors placed tentative bets that Trump’s somewhat vague platform of economic stimulus would translate into corporate profits and higher inflation. The stakes are high. With a Republican controlled House and Senate, Trump has the opportunity to use his time in office to radically reshape the American economy.  He has pledged dramatic tax cuts, infrastructure spending and economic deregulation, and wants to repeal Obamacare. These measures he says will turbo-charge growth and help boost the wages of those who have lost out in a globalized world where “middle-class” jobs have been squeezed. With the U.S. budget deficit at just 3.2 percent of gross domestic product, compared with 9.8 percent in 2009, and near record low interest rates, Trump has room to undertake a large-scale fiscal boost, at least in the short term.  His restrained acceptance speech hinted that infrastructure was a priority. Trump said he would “rebuild our highways, bridges, tunnels, airports, schools, hospitals (and) our infrastructure, which will become, by the way, second to none.” On the campaign trail, Trump’s speeches were full of superlatives and unfinished thoughts that only complicated matters for traders and economic policy watchers. These enthymemes are a rhetorical device at the heart of a persuasive speaking style that has helped catapult the billionaire to the White House. Trying to parse his words is one thing. Actually putting money to work quickly base on them brings far more risk than usual, according to Brian Shapiro, CEO of SPAG Funds, a small global macro hedge fund manager based in New York.  “I won’t react to it, but the world will,” he said. “I think people will have a heart attack if they react to every word.” Economic advisory firm Fathom Consulting dubbed the election outcome “Trump Lite”: a world in which as President-elect he would be unwilling or unable to enact some of his more extreme policies such as building a wall at the Mexico border, mass deportations of immigrants and wide-ranging protectionist measures. “Markets are waiting to see if we are going to have the campaign Trump who spoke in rhetoric, or Trump the president who is going to be more pragmatic in his approach,” said Komal Sri-Kumar, president of Sri-Kumar Global Strategies. Economists and fund managers, as well as the Fed’s policymakers, are looking to see which issues Trump will prioritize. So far, indications are he would pursue tax cuts, additional military spending, and revamping President Barack Obama’s Affordable Care Act, dubbed Obamacare. Chicago Fed President Charles Evans, speaking to reporters as Americans voted on Tuesday, said he would try to figure out whether or not the new president’s fiscal policies “would be more simulative, about the same, or worse,” adding the level of market volatility would provide a clue.  Trump has no defined economic team. It is unclear whether he will follow the lead of say Peter Navarro, a professor at the University of California at Irvine, whose studies suggest a tougher trade stance against China; or whether he could cleave to Wall Street allies such as former Goldman Sachs alumnus Steven Mnuchin, who has been mooted by Trump as a potential Treasury Secretary. “Trump’s fiscal plan as it stands is pretty vague and it doesn’t add up,” said Paul Ashworth, Toronto-based chief U.S. economist at Capital Economics. “We expect some fiscal plan that will pursue the Republican agenda, but it’s likely to be much smaller in scale than the one originally envisaged by Trump.”  While these policy questions are expected to persist even after Trump succeeds Obama in January, “the nature of the Trump cabinet appointments and the tone of their confirmation hearings will either ease or amplify the uncertainty premium in the markets,” wrote Steven Ricchiuto, U.S. chief economist at Mizuho.   Beyond Navarro and Mnuchin, all eyes will be on whether many of the conservative economists, like Columbia University business school dean Glenn Hubbard, who abandoned Trump during a divisive campaign could ultimately return as advisors.  Yet the reality-TV-host-turned-president-elect has struggled in the past to maintain the measured tone shown in his victory speech. During his campaign, for example, Trump appeared to suggest the United States could renegotiate its debts to obtain a better deal, a comment he quickly rowed back upon.  His past criticisms of Yellen as someone who should be “ashamed” of her policy actions, and comments that she was keeping interest rates low for political reasons, could roil markets if repeated during his wait to take office in January.  “He has managed to keep it under control some of the time,” Meltzer said. “Whether he will be able to do that as president will very much determine whether he is successful.” ",1
7357,Obama to protesters: We're all Americans - White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama believes in the right of Americans to protest the election of Donald Trump in a non-violent manner, but wants people to hear the message that “we’re Americans and patriots” before Democrats and Republicans, the White House said on Thursday. “It’s important for us to remember, a day or two after the election, that we’re Democrats and Republicans, but we’re Americans and patriots first,” White House spokesman Josh Earnest told reporters. “And that’s the message the president hopes that most people will hear.” ",1
7358,Former Los Angeles Mayor Villaraigosa enters California governor race,"(Reuters) - Former Los Angeles Mayor and former California State Assembly Speaker Antonio Villaraigosa on Thursday publicly launched his campaign to become the next governor of the country’s most populous state. With a new campaign website, the Democrat said his main focuses if elected would be investing in schools, repairing infrastructure around the state and shoring up an ailing middle class. He said his campaign would stand in direct contrast to that of President-elect Donald Trump, a Republican who campaigned heavily on building a wall between the United States and Mexico and deporting undocumented immigrants. Trump won the presidency in a surprise upset against Democrat Hillary Clinton earlier this week. “We are a state that builds bridges, not walls. We are inclusive. We celebrate our diversity. And we welcome newcomers,” Villaraigosa said in a statement on his campaign website. “We know the answer to fear is hope. The answer to division is unity.” Villaraigosa, who was Los Angeles mayor from 2005 to 2013 and served as speaker of the California Assembly from 1998 to 2000, is perhaps the state’s highest-profile Latino leader.  Villaraigosa in June said he had formed a political action committee and started raising money to help fight Trump’s presidential campaign in key states with large Latino immigrant populations. California’s Democratic Lieutenant Governor and former San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom said in early 2015 that he would also run for the state’s top political position. The two are currently the leading entrants in the race to fill the seat of the popular Governor Jerry Brown, who will be 81 when his term ends. ",1
7359,Obama-Trump meeting 'less awkward' than some might have expected: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama’s Oval Office meeting on Thursday with his elected successor, Donald Trump, was an important first step for a smooth transition of power, the White House said. “President Obama came away from the meeting with renewed confidence in the commitment of the president-elect to engage in an effective, smooth transition,” White House spokesman Josh Earnest told a news briefing. Trump and Obama did not resolve their differences, Earnest said, but, based on their agreement on the need for an effective transition, “the meeting might have been at least a little less awkward than some might have expected.” ",1
7360,Trump promised to repeal Obamacare. Now what?,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Republican President-elect Donald Trump vowed on the campaign trail to repeal Obamacare, but making good on that promise may be easier said than done. President Barack Obama’s 2010 national healthcare reform law extended medical insurance to 25 million more people by expanding the Medicaid plan for the poor and creating subsidized coverage for individuals. Republican lawmakers, who have voted more than 50 times to repeal all or part of the law, have begun pressing Trump to deliver. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said on Wednesday repealing Obamacare is a “pretty high item on our agenda” for the new Congress. But a complete repeal of Obama’s Affordable Care Act may not be immediately in the cards, as Republican lawmakers now hold 51 seats in the Senate at latest count, well short of the 60 seats required to overturn it. Instead, health policy experts said, Trump could try to dismantle key elements through a process called budget reconciliation. That would allow him to eliminate funding for the income-based subsidies that make the new insurance plans affordable, or cut the money providing expanded Medicaid benefits in 31 states. “Some of the policy experts on the Republican side would say tearing it up and starting over would be very disruptive,” said Paul Howard, director of health policy at the conservative Manhattan Institute. Parts of the law have been weakened through legal challenges. Several of the largest U.S. health insurers have pulled out of the exchanges for individual coverage after losing money on a sicker-than-expected group of patients. Consumers not eligible for government subsidies have seen premiums rise sharply, including a projected average increase of 25 percent for 2017. Scrapping the law altogether without a clear plan for providing replacement coverage for so many people would be politically risky, experts said.  Trump also would face a tight deadline were he to try to dismantle the insurance exchanges by 2018; many state-based health insurance regulators require insurers to submit plans for the upcoming year by April or May - only a few months into a new administration. Trump also could seek changes to other provisions of the law, such as a tax on medical device makers, or the so-called “Cadillac tax” that is due to hit rich employer-based healthcare plans in 2020. However, some elements could not be eliminated by depriving the law of funds. For instance, the law prevents insurers from denying coverage to people based on their health or pricing insurance based on gender. Mandatory coverage of preventive benefits also would be unaffected - short of a complete repeal. It also is not clear if Trump would try to reverse the individual mandate, which requires people to purchase health insurance or pay a penalty. The goal of the requirement was to broaden the pool of policyholders to include more healthy Americans. Aetna Chief Executive Officer Mark Bertolini said on Thursday at a New York Times Dealbook conference that some elements of the law are so popular that they are likely to continue, even if there is something Trump calls “repeal.” They include allowing young adults to stay on their parents’ plans and people with health problems to buy insurance without paying more. Medicaid could continue to expand, he said, though with a different type of federal financing. Trump’s surprise victory over Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton rattled healthcare investors on Wednesday, depressing shares in hospital operators and some insurers. Medicaid focused health insurer Molina Healthcare Inc. fell nearly 16 percent, and hospital chain Tenet Healthcare Corp dropped 25 percent. Large insurers, who have been losing money on the exchanges, gained, with Anthem Inc. up 1.5 percent. Enrollment opened on Nov. 1 for 2017 coverage and once those plans are purchased, it would be legally difficult for Trump to cancel them before the one-year contracts run out, said Molina Healthcare Chief Executive Officer Dr. Mario Molina. “Any changes they make will have to be on a prospective basis to begin in 2018,” Molina said. It’s not clear what Trump’s plan to replace Obamacare would look like. Options he raised on the campaign trail include replacing the Obamacare individual coverage with high-deductible healthcare plans, and lumping the sickest people together into high-risk pools that are insured separately. “I think there is going to be a lot of confusion and a lot of anxious people,” Molina said. Among the worries for some people covered under Obamacare is how long it will last. Before the law took effect, Marc Dobin, a 57-year old mediator and lawyer in Jupiter, Florida, said his insurer put a surcharge on his premium because he has heart stents. Under Obamacare, insurers are barred from charging more for pre-existing conditions. “Imagine the disaster if, part way through the year, they cancel it,” Dobin said. For others, the cost of premiums bolstered their support for Trump. Crista Simmons, 63, a piano teacher in Kalamazoo, Michigan, spends about a third of her gross income on premiums and medical care. “There are people who pay more in premiums than their mortgage,” she said. ",1
7361,Aetna CEO expects some ACA benefits to stay: Dealbook conference,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Aetna Inc Chief Executive Officer Mark Bertolini said he expected some benefits of President Barack Obama’s national healthcare reform law will stick under President-elect Donald Trump, like allowing young adults to stay on their family’s health insurance. Bertolini, speaking at the New York Times Dealbook conference, said he expects the expansion of Medicaid to more people will continue but with new mechanisms for federal financing. He also sees some sort of subsidies for individual insurance remaining. Trump has promised to repeal the Affordable Care Act, known as Obamacare, which passed in 2010 and was Obama’s signature domestic policy.  ",1
7362,Trump invites UK's May to visit 'as soon as possible',"LONDON (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump invited Theresa May to visit him as soon as possible during their first telephone call since his election victory, the British prime minister’s office said on Thursday. May and Trump agreed that the U.S.-British relationship was “very important and very special, and that building on this would be a priority for them both”, a statement said. “President-elect Trump set out his close and personal connections with, and warmth for, the UK. He said he was confident that the special relationship would go from strength to strength,” it added. May, who was appointed prime minister shortly after Britain voted to leave the EU in June, also told Trump that she hoped to strengthen bilateral trade and investment with the United States as the country leaves the bloc. ",1
7363,Trump could pull out of global climate accord in a year: lawyers,"MARRAKESH, Morocco (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump could use legal short-cuts to pull out of a global agreement for fighting climate change within a year, keeping a campaign promise and by-passing a theoretical four-year wait, lawyers say. Trump, who has called global warming a hoax and said it was invented by the Chinese to undermine U.S. manufacturing, has said he wants to cancel the 2015 Paris Agreement among almost 200 nations that entered into force on Nov. 4. The accord, which seeks to phase out greenhouse gas emissions this century with a shift from fossil fuels, says in its Article 28 that any country wanting to pull out after joining up has to wait four years. In theory, the earliest date for withdrawal is Nov. 4, 2020, around the time of the next U.S. presidential election. But Trump could pull out of the parent treaty of the Paris Agreement, the 1992 U.N. Framework Convention on Climate Change with just a year’s notice, also voiding U.S. participation in the Paris Agreement, U.N. legal experts say. That would be controversial, partly because the Convention was signed by former Republican president George Bush in 1992 and approved by the U.S. Senate. It would also severely strain relations with many foreign nations. Meeting in Marrakesh, Morocco, for two weeks of talks to work out ways to implement pledges for action in the Paris Agreement, many countries have reaffirmed support for the 195-nation accord since Trump’s election victory on Tuesday. “If Trump withdraws from the Paris Agreement there would be a political cost. If he pulls out of the Convention the cost would be greater,” said Daniel Bodansky, a professor of the Arizona State University Sandra Day O’Connor College of Law. “It would be going nuclear. It would signal that the United States has no interest in cooperating with other nations on climate change,” said Alden Meyer, of the Union of Concerned Scientists. The Convention sets a goal of avoiding “dangerous” man-made damage to the climate to avert more heat waves, downpours, floods, extinctions of animals and plants and rising sea levels.  The Paris Agreement is much more explicit, seeking to phase out net greenhouse gas emissions by the second half of the century and limit global warming to “well below” 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit) above pre-industrial times. Trump wants to safeguard jobs in the U.S. coal and oil industries, saying the Paris Agreement would undermine the U.S. economy. He said in May: “We’re going to cancel the Paris climate agreement.” But the accord has since entered into force in international law. As of Thursday it had been ratified by 103 nations representing 73 percent of greenhouse gas emissions. Trump could also pull out from Paris immediately if the Republican-controlled House and Senate passed a law asking him to do so, Bodansky said. The Supreme Court had a tradition of upholding U.S. laws when they conflict with international law.  “If Trump acts with the approval of Congress there is no problem under U.S. law,” he said. There would be little recourse to challenge such a decision under international law - the Paris Agreement has no sanctions for non-compliance. Many delegates reckon Trump is likely to have other priorities, from the economy to immigration.  Trump may find it easier simply to oppose President Barack Obama’s domestic plans to reduce U.S. emissions by between 26 and 28 percent below 2005 levels by 2025. The idea of the Paris Agreement’s four-year wait is that “it sets a legal trap,” said Tosi Mpanu Mpanu, head of the 48-nation group of least developed nations. “By the time Trump gets round to thinking about it we could have another president.” ",1
7364,Russian foreign ministry says eyes better ties with U.S. under Trump,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia is ready to work on improving bilateral relations win the United States after Donald Trump won presidential elections, foreign ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said on Thursday. Speaking at a weekly briefing, Zakharova said that it was premature to expect more specific steps in improving relations with the U.S. as Trump is yet to form his own team. ",1
7365,"Tough reality check for Trump's pledge of better heartland jobs, wages","CHARLOTTE, North Carolina - Donald Trump’s promise to revive small town America faces a tough challenge in an economy that for decades has been wired to direct income and opportunities toward urban hubs and the better educated. Little in the president-elect’s so far sketchy economic plans indicates the trend can be reversed any time soon, according to interviews with experts on income inequality and  recent occupational trends. The manufacturing jobs Trump pledges to bring back have disappeared as much because of automation as the trade deals he has promised to rewrite, and that process will only continue. A promised infrastructure revamp would boost middle wage jobs but for only as long as the programs last, economists point out. During President Barack Obama’s eight years in office incomes for the best off continued to diverge, despite nearly 10 million new jobs and recent strength in those paying middle-tier wages. On a pre-tax basis, the share of income to the top fifth of households increased from 50.4 percent to 51.4 percent between 2008 and 2015 at the expense of all the others, according to census estimates. (Graphic:tmsnrt.rs/2elimH2) Without the sort of tax and redistribution policies Republicans have traditionally opposed, Trump may struggle to make good on his promise to help those left behind in the global economy, economists who study inequality trends say.  “We have 30 to 40 years to catch up on...Lots of money has gone to the top and to change that is going to be a long and slow process,” said David Madland, a senior fellow at the Center for American Progress, a think tank with close ties to Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton’s campaign.  Trump campaigned promising to shake up a Washington establishment he argued was responsible for destroying middle class jobs with bad trade deals. The message hit home across rural America and mid-sized cities, where voters felt they missed out on the fruits of the seven-year economic recovery that big cities may have enjoyed. Charlotte has been growing fast as a financial hub that attracts college educated talent from around the country, and Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton did better there than Obama did in 2012, handily beating Trump by 137,000 votes. But in the state’s textile and furniture belt just northwest from here, Trump’s promise of economic renewal and anxieties of a shrinking white majority more than offset Clinton’s urban victory, giving him 76 out of 100 North Carolina’s counties. The Catawaba County region, one of the nation’s hardest-hit by cheap imports from China, now has a more diverse economy and even the furniture industry has begun adding jobs. But many still live in poverty and rely on disability and social services for support. “The trade argument was as prominent as any. That is certainly the bet that the Trump campaign has made,” said      John Dinan, a political scientist at Wake Forest University. Trump has not highlighted income inequality the way Clinton did, but to help low-wage industries such as textiles or offer a “new deal” for blacks, he would need to tackle the income gap. Recent data show how hard it may be if Trump relies on economic growth alone: Despite a record jump in household income and a continued surge in middle wage jobs nationally, the effect on income inequality was “statistically insignificant” according to census estimates. Under Obama, after tax income for the bottom fifth of households did increase by about 18 percent, or $2,200, according to a recent Council of Economic Advisers study. But that was made possible by higher taxes on the wealthy, more benefits for the poor and, in large part, by an estimated $1,900 gain from health coverage extended under the Affordable Care Act. Trump has vowed to roll Obamacare back. Instead, Trump has proposed to strike better trade deals and offered a familiar Republican recipe - tax cuts for businesses meant to spur investment and jobs. He has been ambiguous about a possible increase in the federal minimum wage typically opposed by Republicans, but advocated by many economists as a way to help the disenfranchised workers Trump focused on in his campaign. Economists say that even if economic growth accelerates under Trump, it may not do much to counter the downward pressures on wages and middle income jobs from automation, technology and other longstanding trends. Brookings Institution senior fellow Isabel V. Sawhill said researchers on inequality agree on one point: it is hard to move the needle. “Even when you distribute all of the dividends from growth in a progressive fashion you don’t change things very much,” Sawhill said. “You shift things at the margin.”  (Correct paragraph 2 to remove extraneous word.) ",1
7366,House Republicans test Trump on his U.S.-Mexico wall,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republicans in the House of Representatives hope to offer President-elect Donald Trump an alternate plan to his proposed U.S.-Mexico border wall, a first test by lawmakers from his own party of one of his key campaign promises. Just a day after Trump’s stunning election victory over Democrat Hillary Clinton, congressional aides told Reuters the lawmakers wanted to meet with Trump’s advisers to discuss a less costly option to his “big, beautiful, powerful wall.” The plan would involve more border fencing and additional border staffing with federal agents, many of whom belong to labor unions that supported Trump’s candidacy, the aides said. Double layers of fencing would be extended along parts of the roughly 2,000-mile (3,200-km) border, rather than constructing a brick-and-mortar wall, according to the proposal. A House Republican aide and a Department of Homeland Security official said a wall was not realistic because it would block visibility for border agents and cut through rugged terrain, as well as bodies of water and private land. The House aide said House Republicans working on the alternative plan were waiting for Trump’s transition team to be put in place before setting a date for the meeting. A spokesman for Trump did not respond to a request for comment on the lawmakers’ proposal or their desired meeting.  Mexico said on Wednesday that it would not pay for a border wall, as Trump has pledged. Immigration was a central feature of the Trump campaign, focusing on concerns among some voters about illegal immigrants and perceptions they take jobs and pose security risks.  Before the Republican convention in July, party platform committee members successfully petitioned delegates to add language about the proposed wall to the platform statement.  But U.S. Republican Representative Michael McCaul, chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee, has called a wall along the entire border a “knee-jerk” reaction and has not mentioned the idea in legislation on Capitol Hill.  If Congress stands up to Trump, his wall may end up being a fence extension, said Steve Legomsky, professor emeritus and immigration law expert at Washington University School of Law. “Congress won’t fund the kind of wall Trump promised, and Mexico won’t pay for it. But to save face, President Trump and congressional leaders will likely agree to a modest extension of the existing border fence,” Legomsky predicted. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell told reporters on Wednesday that border security was an important agenda item that he wanted to achieve “in whatever way is the most effective.” The National Border Patrol Council, a union representing border agents, said the agency had already had a difficult time meeting hiring goals mandated by Congress. ",1
7367,Vexation gives way to pragmatism as Wall Street girds for Trump,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wall Street power brokers may have rolled their eyes in private when ex-Goldman Sachs Group Inc banker Steven Mnuchin agreed to be Donald Trump’s national finance chairman, but now they are lining up to meet him. Financial lobbyists and their bosses are hoping that Mnuchin and others Trump has enlisted as advisers will help convey their views and act as interpreters of the president-elect’s so far at times confusing messages. “This is different from a lot of elections in the past where you could say, ‘If so-and-so wins, this will be good for that industry and bad for that one,’” said Scott Bok, chief executive of investment bank Greenhill & Co Inc. “It’s not like Trump laid out a clear set of policies where you can say, ‘This is good for these types of companies and bad for those.’” Bankers and their lobbyists are hoping their path to influence will become clearer in the coming weeks with Trump’s cabinet appointments. “It is a matter now of getting to the people who are coming in and convincing them of the benefits of some moderate deregulation to foster economic growth,” said one industry executive, who declined to speak publicly about Trump. During the presidential campaign, many people on Wall Street had supported his Democratic rival Hillary Clinton viewing her as a pragmatist and a stabilizing force.    Despite castigating hedge fund managers for “getting away with murder” on their taxes and making a vague pledge to strip big banks of their profitable trading arms, Trump has surrounded himself with financiers including Mnuchin and hedge fund firm bosses John Paulson and Anthony Scaramucci. At the time some of their peers thought they were taking an opportunistic punt as they viewed Trump as unpredictable and populist and were vexed by his snipes at the industry. Six months later, government-relations executives for big banks are scrambling to secure meetings with them as well as key staffers on Capitol Hill’s important financial committees, in hopes they can provide a sympathetic ear for the industry. “That work begins immediately,” said one industry lobbyist who was not authorized to speak publicly. Trump’s lack of political experience and his scattershot pronouncements have made him a wild card for big business, making private contacts with his inner circle especially critical.     On bank regulation, Trump has promised to repeal the Dodd-Frank financial reform law and implement a new, possibly tougher one, but offered few details on what it would look like. Although Trump’s outsider status helped him win, he has turned to some well-known Washington insiders when looking to fill vacancies at U.S. financial regulators including the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Former Republican SEC Commissioner Paul Atkins, who founded and heads the regulatory consulting firm Patomak Global Partners LLC, is leading the transition team for financial regulation, according to a person familiar with the matter. Come January, Trump is expected to designate SEC Republican Commissioner Michael Piwowar as acting chair. It is unclear if Trump will make the role permanent or later tap someone new. SEC Chair Mary Jo White, an independent appointed by President Barack Obama in 2013, is expected to leave the agency when Obama’s term is over. Mnuchin is seen as the likely pick for Treasury Secretary. He did not respond to a Reuters request for comment. KBW policy analyst Brian Gardner predicts Vice President-elect Mike Pence will have a major influence on who gets appointed to key roles, and will choose “orthodox Republicans” who are equally familiar as some others in Trump’s circle. In an emailed statement, Scaramucci said Trump’s reputation for unpredictability was undeserved. “While spending time with President-elect Trump during the campaign I got to know a very analytical and compassionate person,” Scaramucci, founder and a co-managing partner of investment firm SkyBridge Capital, said.  Several policy experts predicted Trump and the new Congress will water down some financial reform rules, such as the Durbin amendment that limits bank fees or the Volcker rule against proprietary trading. They uniformly expect diminished power, if not a gutting of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. But the Trump administration may also propose regulations that are more problematic, such as extremely high capital requirements or a revival of the Depression-era Glass Steagall law that broke up big banks. Mnuchin, however, was cited by many as a ray of hope. Although he has not publicly expressed opinions on financial regulation or fiscal policy, bankers and lobbyists said they felt reassured by his experience on Wall Street. “I can’t imagine that his goal would be to destroy Goldman Sachs,” said the industry executive, “which is better than some.” ",1
7368,Trump likely to reward loyalty with top appointments,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump’s early list of potential appointments to top positions appears to reward people who were loyal to him after a campaign in which many Republican Party leaders kept their distance. Jeff Sessions, an Alabama senator who was one of Trump’s most fervent supporters in the U.S. Congress, is said to be under consideration for a prominent role, perhaps defense secretary, sources familiar with transition planning said on Wednesday.     Retired General Michael Flynn emerged as a possible pick for Trump’s national security adviser, the sources said. Flynn, a former director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, played a prominent role during the campaign, often serving as an introductory speaker at campaign rallies and has provided private counsel on foreign affairs. “He has a calming influence on Trump,” said a source familiar with transition planning.     In addition, former House of Representatives Newt Gingrich and U.S. Senator Bob Corker of Tennessee were also considered potential selections for secretary of state, the sources said. Corker chairs the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. Both Corker and Gingrich had been under discussion as potential vice presidential picks for Trump, a position that eventually went to Indiana Governor Mike Pence. These same sources said Republican National Committee Reince Priebus, who has emerged as a trusted adviser to the New York businessman, was being talked about as a potential White House chief of staff. A Priebus deputy, RNC senior strategist Sean Spicer, was a possibility for White House press secretary. Trump’s campaign manager, Kellyanne Conway, who helped bring about a more disciplined approach to the candidate, was seen as potential White House senior adviser. Retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson, who endorsed Trump after dropping out of the 2016 Republican presidential nomination fight, was a possible education secretary. Richard Grenell, a former spokesman for the United States at the United Nations, was a potential U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, as was New York Republican Representative Peter King. Mike Rogers, a former chairman of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, was in the mix for CIA director, the sources said. Trump's transition team set up a website (www.greatagain.gov/) and Twitter account (@transition2017), promising to keep the country posted on plans, Politico reported. Trump was a prolific user of Twitter during the campaign, sometimes using it to deliver pithy put-downs of his critics and rivals. ",1
7369,"Clinton, Obama pledge unity behind Trump presidency","(Reuters) - Republican Donald Trump put aside the celebrations and focused on Wednesday on his 73-day transition to the White House as rival Hillary Clinton promised to bury the bitterness of their long presidential race and work to unify a divided country. After Trump’s stunning upset of the heavily favored Clinton, Democratic President Barack Obama and leading figures in the Republican Party who had struggled to make peace with Trump all vowed to move past the campaign ugliness. “Donald Trump is going to be our president. We owe him an open mind and the chance to lead,” Clinton, the Democratic nominee, said in a concession speech in New York, joined by her husband, former President Bill Clinton, and daughter Chelsea. While her loss was painful “and it will be for a long time,” she had offered to work with Trump as he prepares to begin his four-year term on Jan. 20, Clinton told supporters. A wealthy New York real estate developer and former reality TV host, Trump rode a wave of anger toward Washington insiders to win Tuesday’s election against Clinton. A former first lady, U.S. senator and secretary of state, Clinton also ran for president in 2008. Obama, who campaigned hard against Trump, invited him to the White House for a meeting on Thursday after a brutal night for the Democratic Party, which also fell short of recapturing majorities in both chambers of Congress. “We are now all rooting for his success in uniting and leading the country,” Obama said at the White House, adding he and his staff would work with Trump to ensure a successful transition. “We are not Democrats first, we are not Republicans first, we are Americans first.” But reflecting the bitterness of a long election campaign that often focused more on character than on policy, scattered anti-Trump protests broke out across the country, including in New York and Chicago, with demonstrators denouncing Trump’s campaign rhetoric about immigrants, Muslims and other groups. Thousands of protesters thronged Midtown Manhattan and marched toward Trump Tower on Wednesday evening, while at a park farther downtown, hundreds of people shouted: “Not my president.” In Chicago, thousands gathered outside the Trump International Hotel and Tower downtown while chanting phrases like “No Trump! No KKK! No racist USA.” Trump and his senior aides met at Trump Tower in New York  to begin the transition. “They are hunkered down in meetings, plotting the next steps, the transition, the first 100 days, key staff positions,” said a source close to Trump’s campaign. Potential choices for his administration included Republican figures who eagerly supported Trump even when he faced opprobrium from other senior Republicans. Possible names included Republican National Committee chair Reince Priebus as White House chief of staff, RNC spokesman Sean Spicer as White House spokesman, U.S. Senators Jeff Sessions and Bob Corker in possible roles as secretary of state or defense secretary, and former House of Representatives Speaker Newt Gingrich as secretary of state, a source close to the campaign said. Trump will enjoy Republican majorities in both chambers of the U.S. Congress that could help him implement his legislative agenda and appoint a Supreme Court justice to fill the vacancy created by the death of conservative Justice Antonin Scalia. In the Senate, Democrats secured a second gain on Wednesday, when Republican Senator Kelly Ayotte conceded defeat in New Hampshire to challenger Maggie Hassan, the state’s Democratic governor. But the Republicans retained their majority. “Now, Donald Trump will lead a unified Republican government and we will work hand-in-hand on a positive agenda to tackle this country’s big challenges,” House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan, who had a strained relationship with Trump, told reporters, saying Trump had earned a mandate in the election. In an Oct. 25 Reuters interview, Trump said his top priorities when he took office would be building stronger borders, repealing Obama’s national healthcare plan, aiding military veterans and working to create more jobs. In his victory speech early on Wednesday, he also promised to embark on a project to rebuild American infrastructure and to double U.S. economic growth. Republican Senate leader Mitch McConnell said on Wednesday that repealing the healthcare plan known as Obamacare would be a “pretty high item” on the agenda. House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi said in a statement that she spoke to Trump about passing a “robust” jobs bill. Worried that a Trump victory could cause economic and global uncertainty, investors initially fled stocks worldwide, but Wall Street made a dramatic turnaround and the U.S. dollar hit its highest level against the Japanese yen in nearly four months.  The Mexican peso recouped some losses after falling to a record low. The currency has been vulnerable to Trump’s threats to rip up a free trade agreement with Mexico and to tax money sent home by migrants to pay to build a border wall. Speaking to cheering supporters after his victory, Trump said it was time to heal divisions. “It is time for us to come together as one united people,” Trump said. “I will be president for all Americans,” he said, praising Clinton for her service. His comments departed sharply from his campaign rhetoric in which he repeatedly branded Clinton as “Crooked Hillary” amid supporters’ chants of “lock her up.” Trump’s campaign manager, Kellyanne Conway, did not rule out on Wednesday the appointment of a special prosecutor to investigate Clinton’s past conduct, a threat Trump made in an election debate last month. Obama spokesman Josh Earnest said the White House hoped the tradition of not using the criminal justice system to exact revenge on political opponents would continue under Trump. Senior House Republican Jason Chaffetz plans to continue investigating Clinton’s use of a private rather than government email server while she was secretary of state, a Chaffetz aide said. FBI Director James Comey has said a year-long probe by the agency into the setup revealed nothing to merit criminal charges.     Despite losing the state-by-state electoral battle that determines the U.S. presidency, Clinton narrowly led Trump in the nationwide popular vote, according to U.S. media tallies. Fueling his upset win was Trump’s avid support among white non-college educated workers. He ran up big leads in rural areas, beating Clinton by 27 percentage points among voters outside of urban areas, a Reuters/Ipsos Election Day poll found. While Clinton, 69, won Hispanics and black and young voters, she did not win those groups by greater margins than Obama did in 2012. Younger blacks did not support Clinton like they did Obama. She won eight of 10 black voters between the ages of 35 and 54. Obama won almost 100 percent of those voters in 2012. At 70, Trump will be the oldest first-term U.S. president. The presidency will be Trump’s first elected office, and it remains to be seen how he will work with Congress. During the campaign, Trump was the target of sharp disapproval, not just from Democrats but from many in his own party. Foreign leaders pledged to work with Trump, but some officials expressed alarm the vote could mark the end of an era in which Washington promoted democratic values and was seen by its allies as a guarantor of peace. During the campaign, Trump expressed admiration for Russian President Vladimir Putin, questioned central tenets of the NATO military alliance and suggested that Japan and South Korea should develop nuclear weapons to shoulder their own defense burden. Russia and Putin appeared to be winners from Trump’s victory. Defying years of U.S. foreign policy orthodoxy, the Republican had promised much warmer relations with Moscow, despite Russia’s intervention in the Syrian civil war and its seizure of Ukraine’s Crimea region.  Russia’s parliament erupted in applause after a lawmaker announced that Trump had been elected, and Putin told foreign ambassadors he was ready to fully restore ties with Washington. Russia is hoping that improved relations could yield an elusive prize: the lifting or easing of sanctions imposed by the United States and the European Union to punish Moscow for its 2014 annexation of Crimea and support for separatists in eastern Ukraine.  Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, who sparred with Obama, spoke by phone to Trump, who proposed they meet “at the first opportunity,” Netanyahu’s office said. Chinese President Xi Jinping said Beijing and Washington shared responsibility for promoting global development and prosperity. Iran urged Trump to stay committed to the nuclear accord between Tehran and world powers, which Trump has sharply criticized. Several authoritarian and right-wing leaders hailed Trump’s victory. Other officials abroad, some with senior roles in government, took the unusual step of denouncing the outcome, calling it a worrying signal for liberal democracy and tolerance in the world. “Trump is the pioneer of a new authoritarian and chauvinist international movement. He is also a warning for us,” German Vice Chancellor Sigmar Gabriel said in an interview with the Funke newspaper group. U.S. neighbor Mexico was pitched into deep uncertainty by the victory for Trump, who has often accused it of stealing U.S. jobs and sending criminals across the U.S. border. Trump campaigned on a pledge to take the country on a more isolationist, protectionist “America First” path.  He wants to rewrite international trade deals to reduce trade deficits and has taken positions that raise the possibility of damaging relations with America’s most trusted allies in Europe, Asia and the Middle East. ",1
7370,Kerry tells State Department to cooperate with U.S. President-elect Trump,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said on Thursday he had told State Department officials to fully cooperate with President-elect Donald Trump’s incoming administration. After Trump’s stunning upset of the heavily favored Hillary Clinton, Democratic President Barack Obama and leading figures in the Republican Party who had struggled to make peace with Trump all vowed to move past the ugliness of an angry campaign to seek common ground. Kerry said State Department staff must not lose sight of the important issues facing the United States. “One of the beautiful things of democracy - and we particularly pride ourselves in the United States - is that we have this amazing peaceful transfer of power,” Kerry told reporters in Christchurch, New Zealand.  “And we will do everything in our power, as I have instructed our team, to work with the incoming administration as fully and openly as possible, to be as helpful as possible, so that the transfer of power will be as smooth as it possibly can without missing a beat on the important issues before us.” Kerry is in New Zealand en route to Antarctica. Last month 24 countries, which included the United States, and the European Union agreed to create the world’s largest marine park in the Antarctic Ocean. ",1
7371,"U.S. voters say yes to big bond issues, mixed message on taxes","(Reuters) - U.S. voters on Tuesday favored a surge in borrowing for public projects, approving some of the biggest bond measures on ballots, while support for new taxes was mixed, according to election results on Wednesday. Final voting tallies were not immediately available for all of the 682 state, school and local government bond measures, according to data company Ipreo.  At $70.3 billion, the amount of bond issuance requested to fund the building and repairing schools, mass transit, roads, and other projects was the largest in a decade. To view the historical amount of bond ballot measures, click on tmsnrt.rs/2e9Z5bb. Some of the largest bond requests won approval, including the biggest bond proposal in Tuesday’s election: $9 billion of California general obligation debt in the state’s so-called Proposition 51. This will finance new construction and modernization for K-12 and charter schools and community colleges, according to semi-official election results on the California Secretary of State’s website. “Passage of Proposition 51 is credit positive for school districts with approved, but unfunded capital projects under the state School Facility Program, which is depleted,” Lori Trevino, an analyst at Moody’s Investors Service, wrote in a research note on Wednesday. With 195 bond measures totaling $41.7 billion, California issuers accounted for nearly 60 percent of the total par amount of debt on ballots nationwide. California’s voters rejected Proposition 53, a proposal to rein in debt by requiring statewide voter approval for revenue bonds exceeding $2 billion for projects financed, owned or managed by the state. The rejection removes a hurdle standing in the way of projects such as the $14.9 billion California Water Fix project for upgrading its water infrastructure. “It assures that the state’s water policymakers will have the tools necessary to implement the California Water Fix, although they still face an uphill battle to secure the full approval and financial backing necessary to implement the plan,” Shannon Groff, Fitch Ratings director of U.S. Public Finance, said in a statement. As for tax measures, California voters passed a 12-year extension of a temporary state personal income tax increase on earnings of $250,000 or more and a cigarette tax hike. Voters in 35 states weighed 154 state-wide measures, including bonds and taxes, according to the National Conference of State Legislatures, which posted results on its website. Montana voters said no to creating a biomedical research authority funded by $200 million of bonds over 10 years. In Colorado, voters turned down a proposed constitutional amendment calling for a public option universal healthcare payment system, funded by a new 10 percent state payroll tax. They also rejected a cigarette tax hike. Arkansas voters agreed to lift a cap on state bond issuance for economic development projects. Illinois will have to earmark money generated from transportation-related fees and taxes exclusively for transportation uses, under a new constitutional amendment approved by voters. New Jersey voters approved the use of gasoline taxes solely to fund road, bridge and mass transit projects, and to allow $12 billion of transportation borrowing over eight years. Governor Chris Christie signed a 23-cent gas tax hike into law in October. In Missouri, voters amended the state constitution to prohibit any new tax on services or transactions. Oklahoma voters turned down a sales tax hike for public education. A corporate tax hike to fund education in Oregon also failed. Washington state voters rejected the nation’s first tax on carbon emissions.  At the local level, San Diego voters rejected a measure to raise hotel taxes and direct hundreds of millions of public dollars toward building a new National Football League stadium in downtown San Diego for the Chargers team. ",1
7372,U.S. spy agencies to begin top secret Trump briefings within days,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. intelligence agencies will soon begin giving President-elect Donald Trump the same top secret national security briefings they give President Barack Obama, current and former intelligence officials said Wednesday. The briefings by veteran career intelligence analysts, which will begin in the next few days, will include some of the government’s most closely-guarded secrets, including details of undercover espionage operations and classified intelligence collection methods, including the National Security Agency’s controversial eavesdropping operations, the officials said. The Office of the Director of National Intelligence (ODNI), which will be in charge of Trump’s briefings, had no immediate comment. “I’m certain the intelligence agencies will approach these briefings with absolute professionalism,” said John McLaughlin, a former Deputy Director of the Central Intelligence Agency who participated in presidential briefings. “Once the American people have chosen a president he or she is entitled to complete support from intelligence, and intelligence agencies have to assume that a president-elect will be equally professional,” McLaughlin said.  He added: “I have seen the transformation that occurs when candidates become presidents and realize the awesome responsibility that rests on them. We can only hope it happens again.” “The president-elect has received the final anointing by the American people, and is the person the intelligence community knows it will be serving over the next four years,” said Paul Pillar, a former senior CIA analyst. “There is every reason to be as thorough and forthcoming briefing the president-elect as in briefing the incumbent president.” Not long after Trump was confirmed as the Republican presidential nominee, intelligence officials gave him and a small team of advisors two general briefings on threats and foreign policy issues facing the United States. Those pre-election briefings contained some classified information, but not anything about covert operations or intelligence-collection methods. ",1
7373,McConnell dashes hopes for Pacific trade deal vote before Trump takes office,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell on Wednesday dashed any remaining hopes that President Barack Obama’s signature Pacific-Rim trade deal would come up for a vote before President-elect Donald Trump takes office in January. “It’s certainly not going to be brought up this year,” McConnell said of the 12-country Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) at a news briefing in Washington. McConnell said any decisions on TPP or other future trade agreements would be up to Trump, who would still have the authority for four more years to negotiate “better deals” with expedited approval procedures in Congress. Trump excoriated TPP on the campaign trail as a “disaster” and “a rape of our country,” tapping into populist anger at globalization, trade and manufacturing job losses that helped propel his candidacy. In an opinion piece published on Monday, Trump advisers Peter Navarro and Alexander Gray reiterated his opposition to major trade deals.   “Trump will never again sacrifice the U.S. economy on the altar of foreign policy by entering into bad trade deals like the North American Free Trade Agreement, allowing China into the World Trade Organization, and passing the proposed TPP,” Navarro and Gray wrote in Foreign Policy magazine. “These deals only weaken our manufacturing base and ability to defend ourselves and our allies.”  The Obama administration has been promoting TPP among lawmakers and industry groups in anticipation of a long-shot, post-election vote despite opposition to the deal by Trump and his Democratic opponent, Hillary Clinton. While there are many Republican supporters of free trade and TPP in Congress, McConnell and House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said on Wednesday they were now focused on laying the groundwork with Trump to pass Republican-focused healthcare and tax reform legislation next year. A spokeswoman for Ryan said he had not had a change of heart since he said on a radio talk show in October that the House would not bring TPP up for a vote because of problems with several provisions and insufficient support in the House. McConnell said his priorities for the post-election “lame-duck” session were passing a government funding extension and medical innovation legislation. White House spokesman Josh Earnest was still trying to sell the TPP agreement in a news briefing on Wednesday. “President Obama does continue to believe that this is the best opportunity that the Congress has to take advantage of the benefits of a Trans-Pacific Partnership agreement that cuts taxes, 18,000 taxes, that other countries impose on American products,” Earnest told reporters. “We’ve got a strong case to make.” But the strong vote for Trump in industrial states made it unlikely Republicans would be willing to go against him on trade policy, analysts said. “It’s fair to say that TPP is now in the dustbin of history,” said Gary Hufbauer, a senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics, a pro-trade think tank in Washington. “I don’t see a path forward for the United States to join.” ",1
7374,Senate's McConnell says Obamacare repeal high on agenda,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said repealing the Obamacare health insurance system is a “pretty high item on our agenda” for the new Congress that was elected on Tuesday, calling it the “single worst piece of legislation” from the first two years of the Obama administration. McConnell told reporters he would like to see bipartisan comprehensive tax reform, and that border security should also be high on the to-do list. He expects president-elect Donald Trump to send the Senate a Supreme Court nominee soon, and to review environmental regulations put in place by Obama, including on coal. ",1
7375,Fractured Republicans come together in face of Trump triumph,"WASHINGTON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - One immediate consequence of Donald Trump’s stunning victory in the U.S. presidential race is that the identity crisis that convulsed the Republican Party during his tumultuous candidacy has been resolved. It’s Trump’s party now, for better or worse. Although having never before held public office, the businessman and former reality TV star vanquished 16 other Republican candidates to win the nomination and go on to defeat Democrat Hillary Clinton, but established Republicans challenged his commitment to party tenets and organized against him. Trump’s political ascent encountered fierce opposition from some in the party’s establishment wing that includes former Florida Governor Jeb Bush and Ohio Governor John Kasich and from others in its social-conservative faction, such as U.S. Senator Ted Cruz of Texas. All of them criticized Trump at times for straying from orthodox Republican positions on such issues as trade, his temperament or his lack of governing experience. But on Wednesday, all of that seemed forgotten and forgiven, at least for the moment, as Trump, the surprise winner in a 17-month-long election campaign, prepared to take power with the backing of Republican majorities in both chambers of Congress and the promise of an aggressive conservative agenda.  “The American people have spoken and it’s time to come together,” Kasich tweeted on Wednesday after he scrapped plans for a speech in Washington later this week that was intended to pave a new direction for the party after an expected Trump loss.  Bush said he would “pray” for Trump. Cruz termed Trump’s win “an amazing victory for the American worker.” Paul Ryan, speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives who had drawn the ire of Trump supporters by refusing to campaign for him, praised Trump on Wednesday and said that voters had delivered Trump a “mandate” to pursue his agenda, having won the electoral vote that counts while Clinton likely won the popular vote.  Had Trump lost, both Ryan and Reince Priebus, chairman of the Republican National Committee, were expected to face challenges to their jobs. Now, having protected his House majority, Ryan will be Trump’s top legislative ally.  If, as many expect, Priebus is tapped by Trump to join his administration, Trump will be able to replace him with a hand-picked successor, thus cementing his grip on the party’s apparatus.  Republican donors who did not support Trump, too, were coming around.  “Nothing unifies like these decisive wins, and nothing unifies like the power of having the House, the Senate and the White House,” said an adviser to a leading donor. Representative Chris Collins, who was an early Trump supporter, said without the opposition of President Barack Obama, a Democrat, many divisions within the Republican Party would dissipate.  “The big difference is we now have complete Republican control,” Collins told Reuters. “We’re all on the same page give or take 10 percent, which is nuances more than anything.” Trump adopted much of the “Better Way” domestic policy agenda Ryan has painstakingly put together in over the last few years, notably revising his tax plan to bring it roughly in line with House Republicans’ proposal after initially floating much more drastic reform. Trump this year proposed cutting the top individual income tax rate to 33 percent from its current 39.6 percent. He had initially said he would drop that rate down to 25 percent but revised his proposal after tax experts said it would balloon government deficits. While Trump has offered a bare-bones outline of his replacement plan for Obama’s signature national healthcare law known as Obamacare, advisers told Reuters he would draw heavily on the House version. At a news conference on Wednesday, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell vowed that Congress under Trump would move quickly to repeal Obamacare. It remains to be seen whether House Republicans view Trump’s mandate as extending to other, prominent campaign promises. Trump staked much of his candidacy on opposing major trade deals, while Republicans have generally favored free trade. Trump promised repeatedly not to touch Medicare and Social Security federal retirement benefits, asserting that Clinton would slash those programs even though she had not proposed to do so. Most mainstream Republicans believe revamping Medicare and Social Security is critical to curbing federal spending. Trump vowed to repeal the Dodd-Frank financial reform law. During the campaign he met with House Financial Services Chairman Jeb Hensarling but never endorsed Hensarling’s proposed bank regulation legislation and instead called for a return to the 1930s Glass-Steagall law separating commercial and investment banking.  Representative Warren Davidson, a member of the ultra-conservative Freedom Caucus in the House, said he thought Congress could get some early wins on areas of agreement with Trump that included replacing Obamacare and finding a way to repatriate corporate profits held overseas and using the money to pay for infrastructure repairs.  Richard Hunt, head of the Consumer Bankers Association, which lobbies for some of the biggest U.S. banks, said Republicans must act swiftly to show that as change agents they can actually govern. “They have to show the American people that Republicans are able and capable of governing. Obviously there was a clear mandate last night that says Washington is not working and people want Washington to work,” he said. “Part of me says you need to have a clean slate, okay, that was the campaign, now this is governing.” ",1
7376,Mexico's Pena Nieto says agreed Trump meeting during transition period,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto said on Wednesday that he spoke to U.S. President-Elect Trump to congratulate him on his election win and the two agreed to meet before he takes office.  Pena Nieto also said he had discussed a new work agenda with Trump that would include security issues, and that he would seek to protect the rights of Mexicans throughout the world.    Pena Nieto was lambasted in the local press for hosting a pre-election meeting with Trump, who has made disparaging remarks about Mexicans.  ",1
7377,"Factbox: Top goals for President Trump, hurdles in front of him","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican Donald Trump campaigned on a promise to shake up Washington and as president the brash real estate mogul will be in a position to dramatically change how the United States handles immigration, trade and a range of other policies. Yet many of his more ambitious proposals will require cooperation from Congress. While he will likely enjoy a post-election honeymoon with congressional Republicans, a long-lasting romance is far from guaranteed, given his uneasy relationship with congressional leaders and some basic ideological differences he has with Republican orthodoxy. Following is an overview of Trump’s top domestic policy plans, based on the sometimes vague details of his agenda, and their likelihood of success: In his campaign, Trump argued that international trade agreements had hurt U.S. workers and the country’s competitiveness. He has promised to “get tough” on China, withdraw from the 12-nation Trans-Pacific Partnership, or TPP, which is still not finalized, and renegotiate or scrap the North American Free Trade Agreement, the 1994 free-trade deal with Mexico and Canada.  As president, Trump does have some power to raise tariffs on countries such as China. He could delay the TPP, as well, even if Congress approves it. Economists have warned that such moves would damage the economy by forcing consumers to pay dramatically higher prices on everything from refrigerators to T-shirts. U.S. exports, such as airplanes and soybeans, would likely suffer as well.      On the campaign trail, Trump has promised to build a wall along the Mexican border, deport millions of undocumented immigrants and ban immigration from countries that have been “compromised by terrorism.”  Those policies would not come cheap. Trump has estimated the wall would cost $8 billion to $12 billion. Other estimates have run much higher. Politico estimated it would cost at least $166 billion to deport all of those in the country illegally and complete a border wall. While many congressional Republicans support those policies, they might blanch at the cost. Trump has said he would force Mexico to pay for the wall, but he has no power to force another country to spend money on something it does not want.  More broadly, Trump could shift the broader debate over immigration, empowering skeptics like Republican Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama, who want to reduce overall immigration levels and reduce the number of skilled guest workers. That would be a blow to business groups and Hispanic advocates who have sought to relax immigration laws. Trump has promised to repeal President Barack Obama’s signature Affordable Care Act, popularly known as Obamacare, and replace it with a plan that would give states more control over the Medicaid health plan for the poor and allow insurers to sell plans nationally. He would need Congress to act, and Republicans could have difficulty getting the 60 votes needed to advance a repeal effort through the 100-seat Senate. Republicans could face a public backlash if they repeal a law that has provided healthcare to millions of Americans. A Trump administration would have plenty of other opportunities to undermine Obamacare, however, by appointing officials who are not committed to its success. Trump has vowed to make deep tax cuts, while also promising to protect popular health and retirement programs that account for more than a third of U.S. government spending. That combination of policies would massively increase the national debt, according to the nonpartisan Center for a Responsible Budget. He has also proposed increasing spending on the military and infrastructure, but has said he would reduce spending on categories other than health and retirement by 1 percent each year. On taxes, he would get plenty of help from Republicans in Congress, who have been laying the groundwork for a tax-code overhaul that would lower rates and close loopholes. But they will encounter fierce resistance from homeowners, businesses and other interest groups that benefit from current tax breaks. Trump’s promise to protect entitlement programs will rile fiscal conservatives, who worry they will swamp the federal budget in the decades to come. But those programs are popular with the American public. Trump has promised a “dismantling” of the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial reform law enacted following the financial crisis, but has given few details. The Republican Party’s platform calls for reinstating Glass-Steagall, the 1930s-era law that forced the separation of investment banks from deposit-taking institutions. Trump’s former campaign manager, Paul Manafort, said in July that his campaign backed that change. Republican lawmakers have so far been unable to undo many of their most-despised pieces of the Dodd-Frank law, and many in their ranks oppose a return to Glass-Steagall. Trump has offered few details about his plans to fight Islamic State but has said he would “knock the hell out of” the militant group. He says he is keeping the details of his strategy a secret so as not to disclose them to the enemy. Trump has said if he wins, he would give U.S. generals 30 days after he takes office on Jan. 20 to propose their own plans. Trump has said he opposes accepting refugees fleeing violence in Syria, and instead has said he would create “safe zones” there, which he says would be funded by Gulf states. Obama has said a safe zone in Syria would require a large U.S. military commitment, something that could prove to be unpopular with Americans weary of lengthy wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. Trump has said he would have a “very, very good” relationship with Russia.  Trump has said could work with Russia to combat Islamic State. He also said he would look into recognizing Crimea, seized from Ukraine in 2014, as Russian territory and lifting sanctions on Russia imposed by Western nations for what they called an illegal land grab. Trump has criticized the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, saying some U.S. allies have not met their defense commitments. In July, he said if Russia attacked a NATO member, he would consider whether the country has paid up before providing defense. NATO leaders say the sanctions against Russia are key to persuading it to change that country’s behavior in Ukraine, where it has backed ethnic Russian separatists, and that the alliance has long been focused on fighting international terrorism. With one vacancy on the Supreme Court and several more likely in the coming four years, Trump will have a chance to put a conservative stamp on the nation’s courts for decades to come. His list of potential nominees has won praise from conservative activists and Republicans in the Senate, who will be eager to help him in that area. ",1
7378,Factbox: Where Trump found his edge over Clinton,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican Donald Trump fared better with parts of U.S. society than expected, and Democrat Hillary Clinton did worse, to produce a U.S. presidential election outcome that defied opinion polls forecasting a Clinton victory. Early readings from a Reuters/Ipsos national Election Day opinion poll help explain how the New York real estate magnate eked out his advantage in Tuesday’s vote. The Reuters/Ipsos Election Day poll was conducted online in English in all 50 states. It included more than 45,000 people who voted in the presidential election. The poll reading was taken after most – but not all – voters were counted in the presidential election. It will be updated as more poll responses are tallied and more votes are counted across the country. ",1
7379,Timeline: Pivotal moments in Trump's presidential campaign,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Donald Trump’s successful campaign for the presidency may have rewritten the political playbook. Here are key moments from his ascent. * June 16 - Trump descends an escalator in the marble-lined atrium of Trump Tower in Manhattan to announce his campaign and perhaps his best-known campaign pledge: to build a “great, great wall” on the southern border with Mexico. * July - Although his bid is initially dismissed as a sideshow by many commentators and journalists, opinion polls start showing Trump taking a lead in a crowded field of 17 Republican contenders. * Dec. 7 - Trump calls for a “total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States until our country’s representative can figure out what is going on.” The call followed deadly attacks in Paris, for which Islamic State claimed responsibility. * Feb. 1 - Despite being ahead in the polls, Trump comes in second in the Iowa caucuses, the first state nominating contest, losing to Ted Cruz, a senator from Texas popular among evangelical Christians. * March 1 - Trump wins seven of the 11 states that vote on so-called Super Tuesday. * March 3 - Mitt Romney, the Republican presidential candidate in 2012, delivers a scathing speech calling Trump a “con man,” becoming an early mover in a wave of party leaders, including its living former presidents, who publicly reject Trump. * March 11 - Trump continues to draw huge crowds to sometimes volatile rallies, where protesters and Trump supporters would sometimes come to blows, but a rally in Chicago had to be canceled at the last minute amid sometimes violent protests outside the venue.  * May 3 - Trump wins Indiana, becoming the party’s presumptive nominee after Cruz and Ohio Governor John Kasich withdraw from the race. * May 26 - Trump wins a majority of delegates, securing his nomination and foreclosing the possibility of a contested convention. * June 20 - Trump fires his original campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski. Veteran Republican strategist Paul Manafort takes over the running of the campaign. * July 15 - Trump announces Indiana Governor Mike Pence as his running mate. A far more traditional Republican figure, Pence often describes himself as “a Christian, a conservative and a Republican, in that order.”  * July 21 - Trump accepts the Republican Party’s nomination on the final day of the party’s convention in Cleveland. * Aug. 17 - Trump taps Stephen Bannon, the chairman of the right-wing news website Breitbart News, as his campaign’s chief executive and promotes senior adviser Kellyanne Conway to the post of campaign manager. Days later, Manafort, who was facing controversy over his previous consulting work in Ukraine, quits the campaign. * Sept. 1 - Trump flies to Mexico to meet with the country’s president, Enrique Peña Nieto, culminating in a joint news conference. A brief diplomatic scuffle follows Trump’s return, where he and the Mexican president dispute whether or not they discussed Trump’s plan to have Mexico pay for the border wall. * September/October - Trump clashes with Clinton before an audience of tens of millions in three presidential debates that are marked by their unusually ugly tone - Trump at one point said Clinton should be in jail. Public polls show that most Americans thought Clinton prevailed in all three debates. * Oct. 7 - A recording surfaces of Trump boasting in 2005 of how his celebrity allows him to grope women and “grab them by the pussy,” prompting a dozen or so women to come forward to accuse Trump of making unwanted sexual advances. Trump dismisses the remarks as “locker room talk” and denies the accusations of unwanted advances.  * Nov. 8 - Trump wins the U.S. presidential election in one of the biggest upsets in decades. ",1
7380,U.S. defense secretary pledges orderly transition to Trump admin,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter pledged to oversee an orderly transition to a Trump administration on Wednesday and thanked Pentagon employees for staying out of the political fray during the 2016 presidential campaign. “We must stay focused on our duty to confront our current challenges and any that might arise during this period,” Carter said in a memorandum to Defense Department employees.  ",1
7381,Despair and introspection on U.S. coasts after Trump win,"BOSTON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - Americans in liberal enclaves from New York to San Francisco reacted with shock and despair on Wednesday to Republican businessman Donald Trump’s defeat of Democrat Hillary Clinton, with many struggling to explain the result to their children. Trump, who had never before run for public office, won on a broad wave of support both from the Republican U.S. heartland and by flipping previously Democratic states, including Pennsylvania, Florida and Ohio, helping his party protect majorities in both chambers of Congress. The victory stunned residents of major cities up and down the East and West coasts, many of whom had trusted opinion polls that had long predicted a Clinton victory but were proven profoundly wrong by Tuesday’s results. “I’m feeling physical pain. I’m shocked. I’m sad,” said Sofia Huizar, 30, as she waited outside the Manhattan hotel where Clinton conceded her loss on Wednesday morning, some eight hours after Trump declared victory. Huizar, a U.S. citizen who was born in Mexico, said she spent much of Tuesday night commiserating with family across the border. “It’s a way to help process the fear,” Huizar said. Trump’s campaign promises have included building a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border to stop illegal crossings and to deport the estimated 11 million undocumented immigrants living in the United States. Others, like Kim Priban, a 38-year-old nurse who lives in the Cleveland suburb of Boston Heights, Ohio, said they had a difficult time breaking the news to their children.  Priban said she had proudly taken her 5-year-old daughter along to vote for Clinton, who would have been the first woman U.S. president, and on Wednesday morning had to discuss the result with her. “I still haven’t quite figured out what to tell my daughter. I’ve been crying all day,” Priban said. “I feel like I have to go out and make my voice heard for women and children.” Priban and Huizar are likely far from alone in the depth of their pain over Clinton’s loss, academic research suggests. A 2015 paper by researchers at Harvard University found that voters who supported Republican Mitt Romney’s unsuccessful White House bid reported sharper spikes in their unhappiness than parents following the 2012 Sandy Hook massacre of Connecticut schoolchildren or Boston residents after the deadly 2013 Boston Marathon bombing. While many Democrats along the coasts mourned Clinton’s defeat, Trump supporters celebrated the outcome, saying they hoped he would shake up a dysfunctional political system. “The overwhelming majority of Americans want change, and this is a direct result. ... Trump is the disrupter, for better or for worse,” said Kelley Smith, 33, who lives in Chicago and works in software sales. “He’s a little bombastic. I don’t think he’s polished. But I don’t think he’s going to purposefully take our country down.” The divide between the coasts and the heartland, evident not only in the results but also in the social media battles ahead of the election, made the Trump victory more shocking for liberals. Deena Pioli, an attorney from San Francisco, said she had rarely run into people who were not supporting Clinton, and that she now regrets that. “Those of us here in San Francisco and California should not be so safe in our bubble,” she said.   Trump dropped his angry speaking style to take a conciliatory tone when he declared victory early Wednesday morning, saying, “I pledge to every citizen of our land that I will be president for all Americans.” Clinton and Democratic President Barack Obama sounded similarly restrained. But the breadth of Trump’s win left his opponents urging self-examination. “Folks should have deep humility in this moment,” said civil rights activist DeRay Mckesson on Twitter. “We all have things to learn from how Trump happened.” Karen Parnett, a 48-year-old mother of three in Cambridge, Massachusetts, said she had been heartbroken to tell her children about Trump’s win, and said the result illustrated the growing anger of lower-income voters who believe their concerns are being ignored by Washington. “I have too much at stake with three kids to just throw up my hands and weep and say that all is lost,” Parnett said. “There are new realities and we need as a country to reckon with what in the world we are going to do about the disenfranchisement of the white working poor.” (This story has been refiled to fix typo in ninth paragraph) ",1
7382,Republican foreign policy veterans in quandary over Trump,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Some Republican foreign policy veterans who came out against Donald Trump during the presidential campaign said on Wednesday they were sticking to their guns following his election victory, but a few others signaled that objections to serving in his new administration were softening. Trump’s stunning upset over Democrat Hillary Clinton has created a new dilemma for the Republican national security establishment, much of which had publicly distanced itself from their own party’s candidate, declaring him unfit to lead. They must now decide whether to return to the fold. Some career diplomats, intelligence officials and military officers are also facing a choice of whether to quit their posts because of concern that a Trump presidency would violate their principles, or else stay and try to influence policy from the inside. However, State Department spokesman Mark Toner said, “I wouldn’t expect a mass exodus.” About 150 of the Republican party’s most prominent national security specialists signed open letters in March and August in outright opposition to Trump’s candidacy. One said he was “utterly” unqualified for the White House. The other warned that he would be “the most reckless president in American history.” While neither letter said the former officials would never work for Trump, their scathing critique was clearly intended to discourage fellow Republicans from supporting him. Trump responded at the time by deriding them as members of “the failed Washington elite” who “deserve the blame for making the world such a dangerous place.” A number of the signatories contacted by Reuters on Wednesday made clear that they were unswayed from their negative view of Trump and would not work for him. However, they stopped short of urging others to also shun the next administration, which is widely seen as having limited foreign policy expertise at a time when the next president will face the challenges of Syria’s civil war, the fight against Islamic State, a newly assertive Russia and the rise of China. “I don’t expect to be asked. I wouldn’t serve. But there are others who will. It will be a matter of individual conscience,” said Eliot Cohen, who served as counselor to former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and helped spearhead the March letter, which was posted on a blog called War on the Rocks and created a stir among Republicans. “I’m concerned about his ignorance, the belligerence, the misunderstanding of how the world works,” Cohen said of Trump, a wealthy real estate developer and former reality TV host who rode to victory on a wave of voter anger toward Washington insiders. Max Boot, a foreign policy adviser to Republican Mitt Romney’s 2012 presidential campaign and a supporter of the U.S.-led Iraq invasion in 2003, said: “I won’t have anything to do with Trump, but I don’t know about others. I hope good people go into the government.” But others appeared to waver, with some saying decisions on whether to join the Trump administration could depend on how the president-elect behaves during the transition and who he appoints to senior posts. Among the Trump allies said to be in consideration are former House of Representatives Speaker Newt Gingrich and one-time United Nations ambassador John Bolton for secretary of state, and General Michael Flynn, a former head of the Defense Intelligence Agency, for national security adviser. Dov Zakheim, a former Pentagon undersecretary who signed one of the dissent letters, said Trump would have to reach out beyond his circle of supporters to find enough qualified people to fill many important jobs. “He will want to show that he is not dividing the Republican party, so he will extend an olive branch to those in the party who opposed him,” Zakheim said. Asked whether he expected to be offered a post, he said: “I have no idea, as it’s not up to me.” Bryan McGrath, a retired US Navy officer and co-organizer of the War on the Rocks letter, said he did not expect that those who signed it “were signing away employment rights, that they weren’t going to work in a Trump administration.” If the president asks for your service, he said, “you have to take that request seriously.” Patrick Cronin, an Asia expert and former third-ranking official at USAID under President George W. Bush, said that despite his earlier opposition to Trump, he eventually briefed his transition team and would continue to provide advice. But he said he was not interested in joining the administration. Michael McFaul, President Barack Obama’s former ambassador to Moscow and a Clinton supporter in the election,  said the Republicans had a “deep bench of experience” for enlisting foreign policy experts. Even as Trump prepares to form his foreign policy team, some career diplomats, intelligence officials and military officers are facing a post-election quandary. Some said privately before Tuesday’s vote they would consider retiring or quitting rather than working under Trump, who alarmed them during the campaign by questioning U.S.-led alliances, praising Russian President Vladimir Putin, suggesting that Japan and South Korea should be allowed to have nuclear weapons and threatening to order the resumption of interrogation methods condemned as torture. Other officials suggested they would wait to see how he acts once in office and who he names to senior posts, saying the responsibility for government service transcended any one president. “If he keeps some of his campaign promises, about the use of torture, for example, many of us have discussed whether we are honor-bound to resign or to stay and try to have some influence from the inside. It’s too early to say,” one CIA officer said, speaking on condition of anonymity. ",1
7383,"U.S. election was fair, despite voting obstacles: OSCE rights group","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe said on Wednesday that human rights were respected during Tuesday’s U.S. presidential election and there were few cases of intimidation, despite recent changes to election rules in several states that created unnecessary burdens for voters.  “Some legal and administrative decisions appear to have had a partisan flavor,” Ambassador Audrey Glover, head of the OSCE election observation mission to the United States, said at a news conference on Wednesday. “These recent changes ... led to a lack of clarity regarding the rules.” Tuesday’s astonishing contest, in which Republican candidate Donald Trump beat his long-favored opponent, Hillary Clinton, to become the 45th president of the United States, was the first election to occur in the United States in more than 50 years without the full protections of the landmark Voting Rights Act. The U.S. Supreme Court in 2013 struck down a provision of the law that had allowed federal oversight of states with a history of racial discrimination, prompting the U.S. federal government to reduce its own election monitoring program.  The OSCE deployed nearly 300 observers to polling stations in 33 states, although they were not allowed to freely observe early voting and Election Day in 19 of those states, according to the international rights group. At almost half of the polling sites observed by the OSCE delegation, some citizens who wanted to vote were not found on the voter list, causing “systemic concern regarding the effectiveness of voter registration methods,” according to the group. Despite concerns that voters would be intimidated at the polls, the OSCE said, its observers did not see any serious incidents. However, U.S. civil rights groups logged unusual levels of voter intimidation complaints, receiving about 35,000 calls through a national voter complaint hotline as of Tuesday evening.    Revised voting laws and lengthy court battles in many states also left voters uncertain about when and where they could cast their ballot and whether they would need to present photo identification.  ",1
7384,U.S. presidential election drives record ratings for cable news,"(Reuters) - The 2016 election cycle had been a ratings boon for U.S. cable news networks, and Tuesday’s stunning U.S. presidential election victory by Republican Donald Trump was no different. Time Warner Inc’s CNN led all U.S. TV networks in primetime coverage with 13.3 million viewers, the most-watched Election Night coverage in U.S. cable news history, according to Nielsen data. 21st Century Fox’s Fox News came in second with 12.1 million viewers, and Comcast Corp’s MSNBC was far behind with just under 6 million. Among adults aged 25 to 54, the demographic most important to advertisers who buy time on news programs, CNN was first as well with 6.7 million viewers. Fox News was second with 4.6 million and MSNBC drew 2.4 million in the demographic. All three posted gains from four years ago. With many states too close to call, the race was not called for Trump until around 3 a.m. (0800 GMT) on the East Coast. Fox News led cable news with 9.8 million viewers watching between 2 a.m. and 3 a.m. (0700 and 0800 GMT), with CNN bringing in 6.5 million and 2.9 million watching on MSNBC.  Fox News also led all cable networks with their full coverage from 7 p.m. to 3 a.m. (0000 to 0800), with 12.2 million, a network high for an election night. CNN pulled in 11.2 million for the whole night, but topped Fox News in the news demographic with 5.6 million to Fox News’ 4.8 million. MSNBC brought up the rear with 5.2 million and 2.1 million in the demographic. NBC led all the broadcast networks with 11.2 million viewers, with ABC finishing with 9.2 million and CBS pulling in 8.1 million. Fox averaged around 4 million for its two-hour coverage from 8-10 p.m.  Across 13 U.S. TV networks, election night coverage was watched by 71.42 million viewers, just behind the U.S. record of 71.47 million that watched in 2008. ",1
7385,Transgender advocates fear reversal of civil rights under Trump,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Transgender advocates vowed on Wednesday to resist any effort to reverse or slow down an expansion of transgender rights made under President Barack Obama, fearing a rollback of his directives once Donald Trump succeeds him in the White House. During his eight years in the Oval Office, Obama championed lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) rights, and Democrat Hillary Clinton had promised to keep fighting for them if she was elected. Same-sex marriage became legal in 2015, shifting the LGBT discussion to the still-unfinished agenda of transgender rights. Obama has issued regulations prohibiting health insurers from denying coverage based on gender identity and directed public schools to allow transgender students to use the public bathrooms of their choice, among other measures. “We expect that those will disappear,” said Rachel B. Tiven, chief executive of Lambda Legal, a leading gay rights group. “Lambda Legal will hold the line when our rights are under attack. We know how to fight the government in the courts.” Trump sent mixed messages on transgender rights during the campaign. But he promised to nominate a conservative justice to fill the vacancy on the Supreme Court and could name an attorney general who may enforce hard-line positions Trump outlined during the campaign. “We’re going to fight them on anything they try to undo,” said Mara Keisling, executive director of the National Center for Transgender Equality. “I’m really worried today for trans Muslims and trans immigrants and trans people with disabilities who have been threatened and denigrated by Mr. Trump. Hopefully, that was all part of some sick performance.” With the U.S. Supreme Court split between four liberals and four conservatives, Trump could appoint a conservative to tip the balance, possibly in time to decide a case involving a transgender boy who has sued to use the male restroom at his public school in Virginia. Shannon Minter, legal director for the National Center for Lesbian Rights, called Trump’s victory “a huge wake-up call” that placed an onus on transgender people to “explain who we are” to Trump voters who may be intolerant of or ignorant about transgender people. “In a very real sense, our lives, our ability to work, to attend school, to obtain health care, are at the mercy of a new administration,” Minter said. Trump’s Justice Department and appointees to the federal bench could also have an impact on two provisions of federal law banning discrimination on the basis of sex - Title VII of the Civil Rights Act, which covers employment, and Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972. The Obama administration has taken a firm stance that the reference to “sex” protects transgender people. The courts have generally agreed, and Jill Gaulding, co-founder and legal director of Gender Justice, said that trend was likely to continue regardless of who is president. “We can never take any rights for granted but I also think it’s important to remember how much progress we have made in recent years and decades,” she said. “It’s not easy to repeal that kind of progress.” ",1
7386,"Trump, U.S. Congress will agree on some issues, long-term questions loom","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump will have an early Capitol Hill honeymoon with Republican majorities in both chambers of Congress when he takes office in January, but a long-term romance may be more challenging. A president whose party controls both the Senate and House of Representatives can generally count on getting things done fairly quickly, and Trump likely will not be an exception, despite starting with unusual handicaps. Many Republicans in Congress only backed Trump after he became the candidate. Some never fell in line. He offended and attacked others while running as a Washington outsider, including House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan, who did not campaign with him. On top of that, the New York real estate businessman and former reality television celebrity, who will head the world’s most powerful government and largest economy, has no governing experience. On Wednesday, party leaders were quick to back the victor,  and they are expected to find more common ground than differences once he takes office. “Donald Trump will lead a unified Republican government,” Ryan told a news conference in his home state, Wisconsin, promising to “work hand in hand.” Ryan said his relationship with Trump “is fine,” the transition is under way, and he has already spoken to the president-elect twice, and to his running mate, Indiana Governor Mike Pence, a former House member. “Most of the things he’s likely to advocate, we’re going to be enthusiastically for,” Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell told a news conference on Capitol Hill. Trump and Republican leaders in Congress agree on one major policy: They want to repeal Democratic President Barack Obama’s landmark Obamacare healthcare law, enacted in 2010. Ryan and McConnell both pledged to deal quickly with the law. They will also move quickly to confirm a Trump nominee for the Supreme Court, after McConnell refused to consider any Obama nominee to replace conservative Justice Antonin Scalia, who died in February, infuriating the White House and Senate Democrats. Other issues might be more contentious within the party. While campaigning, Trump spoke extensively about scrapping trade deals and building a wall along the U.S.- Mexico border, but some Republicans are skeptical about both those pledges. The party has long been in favor of free trade, and Trump’s wall scheme would bear a $25 billion price tag and anger Mexico, an important ally and trading partner. McConnell said on Wednesday he wanted to achieve border security in whatever way was most effective. And he said the new president was free to negotiate trade pacts. Trump will also have to work with Democrats, who made narrow gains on Tuesday that reduced the size of the Republican majorities in the House and Senate. With some votes still being counted, they won a handful of new seats in the House. In the Senate, they seemed to secure at least 48 seats, up from 46, on Wednesday when the New Hampshire secretary of state called a close race for New Hampshire Governor Maggie Hassan, a Democrat, over incumbent Republican Senator Kelly Ayotte, although Ayotte had not conceded. Controlling only 52 seats, Republicans will need Democrats to reach the 60 votes needed to advance most legislation in the 100-member Senate. “Trump will have to work with a fair number of Senate Democrats to get things done,” said William Galston, an expert in governance studies at the Brookings Institution think tank. One of those things could be infrastructure spending, which Trump promised in his victory speech. Spending on infrastructure to fuel job growth is popular with lawmakers from both parties, possibly funded by ending a law that lets corporations hold profits offshore without paying U.S. taxes on them. House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi called Trump Wednesday to say she wanted to work with him on a “robust infrastructure jobs bill,” and she told her fellow Democrats that this should be done very fast. “We’re not starting a campaign against the Republicans right now,” Pelosi told Democratic lawmakers in a conference call, according to a Democratic aide. Trump’s Republican critics in Congress said they hoped Trump would work toward party unity, but they would be watching him. “Starting today, I will do everything in my power to hold the President to his promises,” including fighting to enact term limits and repealing Obamacare, Senator Ben Sasse, who opposed Trump from the start, said in a statement. Repealing Obamacare would shake the U.S. healthcare and insurance industries, which have broadly called for measured reforms, although not for its full-scale elimination. America’s Health Insurance Plans, or AHIP, a trade association that represents insurers such as Anthem Inc and Cigna Corp in Washington, said late on Tuesday that it would work with any new administration on the issue. Trump has called Obamacare a “disaster” and vowed to repeal and replace it. House Republicans have already voted more than 50 times to repeal all or part of the law. Senate Democrats were certain to fight an Obamacare rollback, but could be outmaneuvered by Republicans at the procedural level with Trump’s cooperation. “It would be a tragedy, and I certainly won’t in any way cooperate or work with an effort to take health insurance away,” Senator Angus King, a Maine independent who caucuses with Democrats, told CNN.  Trump and congressional Republicans will find common ground on taxes. Trump generally sees eye to eye with Republicans in Congress in calling for major tax cuts, including those for the wealthy, although details of their plans are not an exact match. Trump has called for cutting the U.S. corporate income tax rate to 15 percent from the current level of 35 percent; Ryan’s tax plan proposes going to 20 percent. Trump has also said he wants to do some things as president, such as ban Muslims from the country and allow torture in the fight against terrorism, that some legal experts say are legally questionable. ",1
7387,"How the polls, including ours, missed Trump's victory","NEW YORK/LONDON (Reuters) - Two days ago, pollsters and statisticians gave Hillary Clinton odds of between 75 and 99 percent of winning the U.S. presidential election. How did so many get it so wrong? In hindsight, the polling consensus went astray in two major ways. The media, including Reuters, pumped out two kinds of poll stories. Some were national surveys designed to estimate the entire country’s popular vote, but not the outcome in individual states, where the contest is actually decided. These polls actually got the big picture right: Clinton won more overall votes than President-elect Donald Trump - but not by as much as the polling averages predicted, and not where she needed to. News organizations also produced a blizzard of stories meant to calculate the probability of victory for the two candidates. These calculations were predicated on polls of individual states. In hindsight, though, the stories seem to have overstated Clinton’s chances for a win by failing to see that a shift in voting patterns in some states could show up in other, similar states.  In part, this is because polling analysts got the central metaphor wrong. U.S. presidents are chosen not by the national popular vote, but in the individual Electoral College contests in the 50 states and Washington D.C. In calculating probable outcomes, election predictors generally treated those 51 contests as completely separate events – as unrelated to one another as a series of 51 coin tosses.  But that’s not how elections work in the United States. Voting trends that appear in one state - such as a larger-than-expected Republican shift among rural voters - tend to show up in other states with similar demographic make-ups.  And that’s what happened Tuesday: The election models calculated the probabilities of a Clinton win that turned out to be high, because they viewed each state too much in isolation.  The Reuters/Ipsos States of the Nation project projected Clinton to win the popular vote 45 percent to 42 percent, and gave her a 90 percent probability of winning the 270 electoral votes needed to secure the election. In the end, Clinton won the popular vote by 47.7 percent to 47.5 percent, by the latest count, and Trump could win the Electoral College by as many as 303 votes to Clinton’s 233 when the tally is final. The state races were not akin to a string of coin tosses but more like 51 rolls of a set of weighted dice. In many states, it turned out, the side of the dice representing white voters in suburban and rural counties carried a heavier weight, and the side representing urbanites a lighter one.  The problem, said Cliff Young, president of Ipsos Public Affairs US, the polling partner of Reuters, came down to the models the pollsters used to predict who would vote - the so-called likely voters. The models almost universally miscalculated how turnout was distributed among different demographic groups, Young said. And turnout was lower than expected, a result that generally favors Republican candidates.  In 2000, when Republican George W. Bush beat Democrat Al Gore, for example, the turnout was about 60 percent, according to the U.S. Census Bureau. Eight years later, turnout was 64 percent when Democratic nominee Barack Obama won his first presidential election against Republican Arizona Sen. John McCain. This year, “whites with lower levels of education came out in greater relative numbers than younger, more-educated and minority voters,” Young said. “A point here or a point there can really change an election.” Ultimately, missing that shift in the state polls tripped up the predictions. It also highlights how the otherwise empirical process of polling rests on a subjective foundation. Each pollster must make a decision about turnout. Their decisions are informed by historical voting patterns. But the actual turnout in each state is unknowable before election day. Among the questions pollsters grappled with this year: Will the electorate look like the won that gave Obama his 2008 victory - or George W. Bush in his 2000 victory? Would  black turnout fall after the historically high turnout enjoyed by Obama, the nation’s first black president, and by how much?  “Key for me is turnout in explaining this year’s polling miss,” Young said. The Reuters/Ipsos model anticipated turnout for white men, for example, at around 67 percent, which appears to have been too low, and for black women at 61 percent, which was probably too high. Demographic breakdowns aren’t available yet. Drew Linzer, a pollster and creator of the Daily Kos Elections forecasting model, which forecasts the Electoral College result by aggregating large numbers of state polls, said prediction models like his try to estimate the possibility of an unexpected turnout shift.  But ultimately, he said, the effectiveness of the models came down to the accuracy of the underlying state polls’ likely-voter models. Linzer’s model predicted a large win for Clinton in the Electoral College, 323 to 215. And because those polls missed the mark, it created an illusion of a near-certain Clinton win. Beyond the calculations of the candidates’ odds of winning the Electoral College, there was a near constant stream so-called “horse race polls,” or tracker polls, that focused on the distribution of the national vote between the major candidates. Here, too, pollsters — and the media that co-sponsored or covered the polls — stumbled, largely because the popular vote metric itself is of limited utility and cannot, of itself, predict the outcome of the Electoral College. As of Wednesday morning, Clinton led the popular vote by slightly less than 1 percentage point. The McClatchy-Marist poll released on Nov. 3, for example, had Clinton up by one point - one of the most accurate calls of the popular vote. But even that headline number missed the point a bit, because she lost the election in the Electoral College. A few polls correctly pegged Trump as the winner. The International Business Times/TIPP poll had Trump leading on Nov. 7. That poll put him ahead in the popular vote by two percentage points, which in the end overstated his share by about three points.  In one sense, most polls were relatively accurate: The Real Clear Politics average of polls, for example, had Clinton leading by about 3.3 points, little more than two points above the actual outcome. A polling error of two or three percentage points is not uncommon in modern politics. Popular vote polls, however, also exaggerate the influence of massive states, such as New York and California, in the outcome of the election and mask trends that might be occurring outside those left-leaning states.  The Electoral College system reduces the influence of big states by distributing a disproportionate number of votes to smaller states. North Dakota, for example, has about a quarter of one percent of the U.S. population but double that proportion of Electoral College votes. Conversely, Californians make up 12 percent of the population but only 10 percent of the Electoral College votes. Young said both pollsters and journalist described the results of the national polls and predictions with a false precision by presenting the result as near absolutes. “The forecasting models, which assign probabilities or chances to candidates, are no better than the polls themselves,” he said. “If the polls are off, the forecasting models will be off, too.” The Reuters/Ipsos States of the Nation project website did offer an interactive tool that allowed users to adjust the poll’s estimate of turnout and play pollster themselves.  It also included one fixed scenario that showed how Trump could win - with a higher-than-expected Republican turnout and a lower-than-forecast Democratic turnout. That scenario, as it happened, better reflected what actually happened Tuesday. “We need to recognize that there can be a range of possibilities,” said Young. “The trick of course is how to communicate that with the larger public.” ",1
7388,Unions brace for pro-business shift in labor policy under Trump,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Unions in the United States face sweeping changes to labor law and regulations under a new Republican administration that is expected to tilt policy toward employers.     Republicans will take control of the presidency and both chambers of Congress in Tuesday’s elections, after unions failed to deliver key industrial states to Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton. Clinton’s loss could have wide-ranging consequences for unions. Donald Trump and a Republican-led Senate will likely pick the next justice for the Supreme Court, which often hears labor-related cases.  “I think it’s going to be a very difficult period,” said Lee Saunders, president of the American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees, who said he was surprised by the election outcome despite knocking on doors and talking to members in several states.  Among his concerns, he listed a Supreme Court case this year in which public-sector unions scored a victory related to funding organized labor – but only because the court deadlocked 4-4. The appointment of a new conservative judge by Trump to replace the late Justice Antonin Scalia could change that. Republican nominees will control the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB), which under Democratic President Barack Obama has sought to make it easier for unions to organize. The NLRB is pursuing litigation to establish that McDonald’s Corp is a “joint employer” of workers at its franchised restaurants, a determination that could compel the company to bargain with unions representing employees of its independent franchisees.  Republicans will control federal agencies that govern the formation of unions, overtime rules and more. For example, in September the Obama administration finalized an executive order requiring federal contractors to provide sick leave to workers, as well as rules expanding the types of data employers are required to provide on pay. A separate Labor Department rule expanding which employees are eligible for overtime pay is scheduled to take effect next month. Those actions drew criticism from business groups, and all could be reversed under a Trump administration. “We don’t have a firewall now,” said Tom Buffenbarger, a prior president of the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers who campaigned for Clinton.  Trump has expressed support for so-called right-to-work legislation, which allows workers to avoid paying union dues. Republican leaders in Congress have consistently sought such a change at the national level. Labor unions say such laws are aimed at undermining collective bargaining and workers’ rights. William Gould, chair of the NLRB under Democratic President Bill Clinton and now a professor at Stanford Law School, said on Wednesday that Trump was likely to partner with Congress in dismantling a host of administration labor initiatives from Obama.  Republicans “regard unions as first amongst fair game” because of their support for Clinton, he said. Steven Bernstein, a partner at law firm Fisher Phillips, which represents employers, said the Trump administration and Congress may also target recent NLRB rulings that allowed workers to picket on private property, expanded the type of worker activity protected by federal labor law and gave graduate students the right to unionize. “It’s also fair to assume that Trump will be inclined to repeal a host of executive orders supporting unions,” particularly rules that apply to federal contracts, Bernstein said in a statement. Organized labor is a key Democratic constituency – contributing everything from volunteers to votes for Democratic candidates. Trump nonetheless carried union-heavy states such as Pennsylvania, Ohio and even Michigan, home to the United Auto Workers (UAW).  In Ohio, for example, a Fox exit poll said Trump won 52 percent of union workers. An exit poll from ABC News suggested Clinton got no advantage among union households, even after Obama won those voters by 23 percentage points. (abcn.ws/2eUMxpx) (fxn.ws/2eULxS8) David Lephart, a 58-year-old UAW pipefitter at a General Motors Co plant in Marion, Indiana, voted for Trump. He earns about $100,000 a year, with overtime, he says, and has put both of his kids through college.  He said union leaders pressed hard for members to support Clinton, but the union has nOt kept its promises to workers in recent years. “I don’t have a tendency to believe what you tell me — when you haven’t fulfilled the promises you’ve made,” he said. UAW President Dennis Williams in a statement on Wednesday said, “we have high hopes that elected officials heard the American people loud and clear about trade, jobs, education and the inequality in this country.” ",1
7389,Mexico says does not expect Trump deportation plan to begin soon,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Deportations of undocumented Mexican migrants in the United States may start rising when President-elect Donald Trump takes office but the process will not begin soon, Mexico’s deputy interior minister for migration said on Wednesday. Trump surged to victory early on Wednesday morning after upsetting pollsters’ predictions to beat Democratic rival Hillary Clinton and seize the White House in a campaign that sent the world into uncertainty. The impact of his win was particularly acute in Mexico, where the beleaguered peso currency fell about 10 percent in the aftermath of the vote. Trump, who will be inaugurated Jan. 20, has vowed to deport millions of undocumented immigrants, fence off Mexico with a border wall and threatened to rip up the North American Free Trade Agreement, putting in danger billions of dollars in cross-border trade. “It may well be that deportations of the estimated 6 million undocumented Mexicans increase but we don’t think it will be a measure that will take place soon or happen quickly,” Humberto Roque Villanueva, the deputy interior minister for migration, told Reuters in an interview. “The Mexicans over there are useful to the North American economy and President Trump, the president-elect, will need to recognize the economic effects of such a campaign promise,” he said. Roque Villanueva also said Mexico stands ready to lobby the U.S. Congress and use all legal means possible to block Trump’s plan for impounding remittances so that Mexico ends up paying for his proposed wall on the southern U.S. border. “They wouldn’t be retaliatory measures. They would be legal responses,” he said. “We’ll be ready for all the craziness.” ",1
7390,Trump due in court before Oval Office,"(Reuters) - Within a few weeks of winning the White House, President-elect Donald Trump could face another group of U.S. citizens, a federal jury in California, courtesy of a lawsuit by former students of his now-defunct Trump University who claim they were defrauded by a series of real-estate seminars. A hearing in federal court in San Diego is set for Thursday, and the trial is scheduled to begin on Nov. 28, barring any delays or if Trump decides to settle the case.    While presidents enjoy immunity from lawsuits arising from their official duties, the U.S. Supreme Court has held that this shield does not extend to acts alleged to have taken place prior to taking office. The 1997 ruling came in the sexual harassment lawsuit filed against President Bill Clinton by Paula Jones, which was settled before it went to trial.  Lawyers said they could think of no similar situation like the one now involving Trump. “I’m certain there is nothing comparable to this,” said    Alan Dershowitz, professor emeritus at Harvard Law School.  Lawyers for both Trump and the plaintiffs declined to comment on Wednesday. Dershowitz said the Supreme Court also held that a case cannot be delayed just because the defendant is president, though judges are still free to grant reasonable delays to any party. Miami trial consultant Sandy Marks, who is not involved in the case, said he thought Trump might ask the presiding judge, Gonzalo Curiel, to postpone the trial in an effort to settle the case before taking office. “I think the judge would be foolhardy not to give him a short (delay),” said Marks, “which would give him a chance to resolve the case with all these people and put it behind him.” Trump repeatedly claimed on the campaign trail that he would win the lawsuit, and he accused Curiel of being biased against him because of his campaign promise to build a wall along the border with Mexico. The judge was born in Indiana to Mexican parents. At the hearing on Thursday, lawyers will argue pre-trial motions, including one by Trump to block potential jurors from hearing comments made or publicized during the campaign, such as those about the judge. Lawyers for the students have argued the comments could help jurors assess Trump’s credibility as a witness. Trump is listed as defense witness in the case and could be called to testify by the plaintiffs as well. He was previously deposed by the students’ lawyers.  Claims against Trump over the seminars date to 2010, with two class actions filed in federal court in San Diego and another case brought by New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman on behalf of students who claim they were misled into paying as much as $35,000 each to learn worthless real estate investing “secrets” from instructors “hand-picked” by Trump. Trump has admitted he did not hand-pick instructors, but has argued the claim was marketing language not meant to be taken literally. He claims most students were happy with their courses.  If the trial goes forward, several legal experts said it would be hard to seat an impartial jury, since so many people already have strong opinions about the president-elect. Parties often hire specialized jury consultants to pick jurors, but New York lawyer Robert Anello said they were not infallible. “If experienced pollsters can’t get it right,” he said, “how can a jury consultant who is not spending as much time studying the demographics?” In an interview a day before the election, Jeffrey Goldman, a lawyer for Trump in the New York case, said the media’s “drumbeat of distortion” about Trump University would make it hard to find impartial jurors. Several experts noted that jurors, who will answer a questionnaire in addition to being questioned by the lawyers and the judge, are generally taken at their word when they say they can be impartial. Boston jury consultant Edward Schwartz said he expects both sides to make an effort to vet jurors by their public social media postings. Dershowitz noted that San Diego, though located in deep-blue California, is not as politically monolithic as, say, San Francisco. It has an ethnically diverse population and also has a large military presence. “This is a jury consultant’s nightmare to pick in a case like this,” said Dershowitz. “It will be taught in jury consulting school.” ",1
7391,"In election upset, Trump finds pockets of Latino support","MIAMI (Reuters) - Latinos angered by Donald Trump’s tough stance on immigration could have been the Republican candidate’s biggest obstacle on the road to the White House.  As it turned out, the brash New York businessman won enough Hispanic votes in Tuesday’s election to defeat Democrat Hillary Clinton, with some Hispanics who supported him citing everything from ambivalence on immigration to conservative values and job growth. Reuters/Ipsos Election Day polling showed 28 percent of America’s Hispanic voters cast ballots for Trump, compared to 66 percent for Clinton, putting him on a par with Republican Mitt Romney’s performance with the group in 2012. That outcome helped Trump upset Clinton in the critical battleground state of Florida, where he won 31 percent of Latino voters, while fending off challenges in border states such as Texas and Arizona.  Trump’s win on Tuesday came as a blow to pro-immigrant advocates who had been hoping that his calls for mass deportations of undocumented foreigners, as well as a massive border wall with Mexico, would drive Latinos to the polls against him in a showcase of rising Hispanic political power. “In our point of view, Latinos did their part to stop Trump,” said Frank Sharry, executive director of immigrants’ rights group America’s Voice. But he added: “There’s going to be a lot of finger pointing.” On the streets of Miami overnight Tuesday, celebrations by Latino Trump supporters offered a glimpse of his appeal. “He supports my values,” said Humberto Quintero, 55, a Venezuelan-American who was among a large crowd celebrating outside Versailles Restaurant in a Cuban neighborhood in Miami, as cars passed honking their horns. He said Trump’s promise to restore American manufacturing jobs was also an important issue for him. “When I was young, everything was made in America,” Quintero said. “Now everything is made in China.” He said he also backed Trump’s plan for a wall. “In your house you don’t let everybody come inside without your permission,” he said. Hispanics made up 17.6 of the U.S. population in 2015, up 12 percent from 2012, according to the U.S. Census, making them the country’s largest ethnic minority. By 2060, more than one-in-four people in America will be Latino.  President Barack Obama won 70 percent of the Latino vote during his 2012 re-election bid while his challenger Romney took 28 percent, the same as Trump this time around. Trump’s relationship with Hispanic voters started on an awkward footing when he began his campaign in June 2015, calling for tighter borders and accusing Mexico of sending rapists and drug dealers into the United States. He insisted he would force Mexico to pay for a multi-billion-dollar wall along the border to keep unwanted foreigners out of the United States, and vowed to round up and deport the 11 million undocumented immigrants already in the country. Those positions, which became a cornerstone of his campaign,  resonated badly on Tuesday with many voters along the U.S. side of the Mexican border. “When he said the Mexicans were rapists and all this, drug dealers and stuff, it did kind of hit a chord,” said Jazmin Gonzalez, 31, a Mexican-American from the Barrio Logan neighborhood in San Diego who voted for Clinton. “We know our people.” Miguel Perez, 49, a maintenance engineer in Southern California who came to the United States from Mexico when he was 10, said he also voted for Clinton on Tuesday - mainly just to stop Trump. “I would have voted for Donald Duck if I had to,” he said after casting his ballot at San Ysidro High School near the border with Mexico. Clinton had sought to contrast her campaign with Trump’s by advocating for a path to citizenship for most undocumented immigrants living in the country. She also hired immigrant activists for her campaign and featured undocumented immigrants at rallies. But she and the Democratic Party had at times raised the ire of Latino activists by focusing too heavily on bashing Trump while putting forward less-than-substantive efforts to appeal directly to Latinos, and rejecting pressure to name an Hispanic running mate. Clinton’s socially progressive platform, including her support of abortion rights, also may have rankled some religious conservatives within the Hispanic community. Lilian Enriquez, 45, a pastor who voted in Tucson, Arizona, on Tuesday, declined to say who she supported. But she said her vote was based largely on her sense of morality. “The United States is a country that has been cheapened morally, and I do not want to see ... people living a way that goes against the way of God,” she said. Activist groups wanted to boost turnout among Latinos this year but figures are not yet in. In 2008, less than half of Latinos who were eligible to cast ballots actually did – and the rate dipped in 2012, according to the census. In contrast, the voting rates for white and black voters were both well over 60 percent. ",1
7392,Anxious world leaders seek clarity on Trump policies,"LONDON (Reuters) - World leaders offered to work with Donald Trump when he takes over as U.S. president, but expressed anxiety over how he will handle problems from the Middle East to an assertive Russia and whether he will carry out a number of campaign threats. Several authoritarian and right-wing leaders hailed the billionaire businessman and former TV show host, who won the leadership of the world’s most powerful country against the odds in Tuesday’s election. China, a target of Trump’s ire during his campaign, appealed for cooperation. Mexico also struck a conciliatory tone, despite Trump’s insults to Mexican migrants and pledges to build a wall to separate the two countries. South Korea urged him not to change policy on North Korea’s nuclear tests. Trump, who has no previous political or military experience, said after defeating Democrat Hillary Clinton that he would seek common ground, not conflict, with the United States’ allies. In the election campaign, he voiced admiration for Russian President Vladimir Putin, questioned central tenets of the NATO military alliance and suggested Japan and South Korea should develop nuclear weapons to shoulder their own defense burden. Putin was among the first to send Trump congratulations. Ties between Washington and Moscow have become strained over the conflicts in Ukraine and Syria, and allegations of Russian cyber attacks featured in the election campaign. “It is not an easy path, but we are ready to do our part and do everything to return Russian and American relations to a stable path of development,” said Putin, for whom an easing of U.S. economic sanctions would be a prize. Among other issues causing concern among allies are Trump’s vows to undo a global agreement on climate change, ditch trade deals he says have been bad for U.S. workers, and renegotiate the nuclear accord between Tehran and world powers which has led to an easing of sanctions on Iran. Iran urged Trump to stay committed to the Iran deal. President Hassan Rouhani said the nuclear accord with six world powers could not be dismissed by one government. German Chancellor Angela Merkel — denounced by Trump as “insane” for allowing more than 1 million migrants into the country last year — added a stern note in her message of congratulations which hinted at a certain unease. “Germany and America are bound together by values - democracy, freedom, respecting the rule of law, people’s dignity regardless of their origin, the color of their skin, religion, gender, sexual orientation or political views,” Merkel said. “On the basis of these values, I am offering to work closely with the future President of the United States Donald Trump.” In Britain, where Trump’s victory had echoes of June’s referendum in which voters showed dissatisfaction with the political establishment by voting to leave the European Union, Prime Minister Theresa May said the “enduring and special relationship” between the two countries would remain intact. But Scotland’s first minister, Nicola Sturgeon, who has often expressed distaste for Trump, said many people in the United States and across the world would feel “a real sense of anxiety.” Nigel Farage, a leader of the Brexit campaign who spoke at a Trump rally during the election campaign, tweeted: “I hand over the mantle to @RealDonaldTrump! Many congratulations. You have fought a brave campaign.” Some European officials however took the unusual step of openly denouncing the outcome, calling it a worrying signal for liberal democracy and tolerance in the world. “We’re realizing now that we have no idea what this American president will do,” Norbert Roettgen, the head of the German parliament’s foreign affairs committee, said. President Francois Hollande said France wanted to begin talks with Trump immediately to clarify his stance on  international affairs. “This American election opens a period of uncertainty,” Hollande said. French officials had endorsed Clinton and warned that Trump’s “confused” foreign policy objectives were alarming for the rest of the world. “The U.S. is a vital partner for France and what’s at stake is peace, the fight against terrorism, the situation in the Middle East, economic relations and the preservation of the planet,” Hollande said. But like-minded right-wing European parties that are hoping to make inroads of their own in 2017 — a year in which Germany, France and the Netherlands hold elections, and Italy and Britain could also do so — hailed Trump’s victory.  France’s far-right National Front leader, Marine Le Pen, said she hoped the same kind of upset would happen in France. “The Americans gave themselves a president of their choosing and not the one that the establishment wanted them to rubber-stamp,” she said.  Mexican President Pena Nieto, who was criticized for receiving Trump in Mexico during the campaign, said he was ready to work with the president-elect. “Mexico and the United States are friends, partners and allies and we should keep collaborating for the competitiveness and development of North America,” Pena Nieto said. Trump has said he could tear up the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), saying that it has killed U.S. jobs, and he called Mexican immigrants rapists during his campaign. Sounding conciliatory, Chinese President Xi Jinping said Beijing and Washington shared responsibility for promoting global development and prosperity. “I place great importance on the China-U.S. relationship, and look forward to working with you to uphold the principles of non-conflict, non-confrontation, mutual respect and win-win cooperation,” Xi told Trump, who had pledged to take on China and to tax Chinese imports to stop currency devaluation. South Korea expressed the hope that Trump would maintain current U.S. policy of pressuring North Korea over its nuclear and missile tests. Seoul was concerned Trump may make unpredictable proposals to North Korea, a ruling party official said, quoting top national security officials. A Japanese government official, speaking before Trump clinched the election, urged him to send a message as soon as possible to reassure the world of the United States’ commitment to its allies. “We are certainly concerned about the comments (Trump) has made to date about the alliance and the U.S. role in the Pacific, particularly Japan,” the Japanese official said.  In the Middle East, Israel’s Benjamin Netanyahu, who had a poor relationship with President Barack Obama, said he hoped to reach “new heights” in bilateral ties under Trump. Obama and Netanyahu sparred over the issue of Israeli  settlements, while Trump has said they should expand. Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas also congratulated Trump, but analysts said his rule may be profoundly negative for Palestinian aspirations. And despite Trump’s negative rhetoric about Muslims during his campaign, including threats to ban them from the United States, Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi said he hoped the business magnate’s election would breathe new life into U.S.-Egyptian ties. ",1
7393,Republicans hold on to state legislative edge in U.S. election,"(Reuters) - Republicans will continue to dominate state legislatures in the wake of Tuesday’s election, which kept their party in control of Congress and put Donald Trump in the White House, legislative analysts said on Wednesday. After an election in which more than 80 percent of 7,383 state legislative seats nationwide were up for grabs, Republicans and Democrats were likely to control the same number of chambers they had previously, according to the bipartisan National Conference of State Legislatures (NCSL), which is still compiling voting results. Republicans, who have dominated control of legislatures since the 2010 mid-term election, held the majority in 67 of the country’s 98 partisan legislative chambers, while Democrats had 31 going into the election. Nebraska’s single chamber is nonpartisan. “Neither party can sort of boast of having a big night down on the state level,” NCSL elections analyst Tim Storey said. “Republicans will remain in a dominant position in terms of policy making.” In Kentucky, Republicans took over the House of Representatives for the first time since 1921, while defeating longtime Democratic House Speaker Greg Stumbo, according to the Republican Legislative Campaign Committee. That result leaves Republicans in control of all 30 legislative chambers in the U.S. South for the first time in history, Storey said. Republicans also wrested control of the Iowa Senate and the Minnesota Senate from Democrats, according to NCSL. Democrats hit their target in the New Mexico House of Representatives, gaining a majority of seats, and took over both chambers of the Nevada Legislature. In Hawaii, the only Republican in the Senate was ousted, making the Democratic-controlled chamber the first all one-party state legislative chamber since 1980. One chamber, the Connecticut Senate, came out of the election tied. Democrats retained control of the Illinois Legislature but lost their veto-proof majority in the House after Republican Governor Bruce Rauner and his top donors invested tens of millions of dollars in a bid to weaken long-serving Democratic House Speaker Michael Madigan. The control of the New York Senate was still undetermined, NCSL said. Missouri’s legislature and governor’s office will be totally under Republican control after Eric Greitens won the race to succeed term-limited Democratic Governor Jay Nixon. Vermont will be split with the election of Republican Phil Scott as governor. Republicans extended their majority of U.S. governorships in Tuesday’s vote. ",1
7394,"Pledging unwavering defence, NATO braces for Trump","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - NATO promised on Wednesday to defend all allies despite election victor Donald Trump’s call to set conditions for U.S. help, as the alliance braced for a more impulsive leader some fear could withdraw funding to deter Russia. During the presidential election campaign Trump threatened to abandon U.S. allies in Europe if they do not spend enough on defence, comments that were particularly unnerving for the ex-Soviet Baltic states on Russia’s border which fear Moscow might try a repeat of its 2014 annexation of Ukraine’s Crimea. NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg said NATO’s promise to defend any ally under attack was an unconditional guarantee set out in the Western alliance’s founding treaty in 1949. “All allies have made a solemn commitment to defend each other and this is something which is absolute and unconditioned,” Stoltenberg told a news conference, saying he would try to speak to Trump by telephone as soon as possible and would welcome him to a NATO summit in Brussels next year. “The U.S. commitment to NATO and the collective defence of Europe has been rock solid for almost 70 years and I am absolutely confident that it will still be the case,” Stoltenberg said, noting that two world wars had shown the importance of stability in Europe to the United States. Trump’s suggestion of making the United States’ defence of its Western allies conditional was the first time a leading presidential candidate had raised the idea, putting him directly at odds with NATO’s 27 other member states.   Diplomats questioned how long NATO’s chief would be able to maintain a “business as usual” tone with a new U.S. leader who has expressed admiration for Russian President Vladimir Putin, condemned by the West for his actions in Ukraine. “The idea that Trump’s presidency is not going to create problems for NATO is delusional,” said Dana Allin, a U.S. foreign policy expert at the International Institute for Strategic Studies (IISS). The North Atlantic Treaty Organisation was founded around the central promise that an armed attack against one ally is an attack against all, whether it be on land, in the air or on the seas. NATO leaders in July added the area of cyberspace to that list of war fighting domains, although allies have to request NATO’s help and decisions are on a case-by-case basis. Trump, a Republican who had never previously run for office, assumes the presidency on Jan. 20 after defeating Democrat Hillary Clinton in Tuesday’s U.S. election. In one demonstration that not all U.S. Republicans share Trump’s scepticism about NATO, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said on Wednesday he believes the NATO alliance “is every bit as important today as it ever was.” “I think Article 5 (of the NATO treaty) means something: you attack any member of NATO, you have us to deal with. I want the Russians to understand that fully,” McConnell said in Washington when a reporter asked him if he shared Trump’s attitude toward the alliance and Russia.  One of NATO’s top commanders stressed that the debate about the alliance’s role was not a theoretical one, given the powerful Russian air defence systems in the Baltic region, in Crimea and in Syria that could limit NATO’s freedom of movement. Allies need to build up a sophisticated air deterrent that can counter Russian long-range missiles, said General Denise Mercer, whose brief is to focus on future threats.  After the fall of the Soviet Union a quarter of a century ago, NATO’s European allies cut defence spending to historic lows, leaving the United States to make up around three quarters of the alliance’s military expenditure.  A newly assertive Russia under Putin has begun to change that and Europe is again spending more on defence. But Britain, Poland, Greece and Estonia are the only European nations to meet a NATO goal of spending at least 2 percent of gross domestic product on defence. Germany, Europe’s biggest economy, spends far less than 2 percent of its GDP on defence. Asked if she would now seek more funding for Germany’s military, Defence Minister Ursula von derv Leyden told Reuters: “I have to make it clear (to German lawmakers) what our posture is, what we need and that is the right way to proceed.” Stoltenberg said he expected an overall 3 percent real increase in European defence spending in 2016. He said if all European allies and Canada reached the 2 percent spending target it would generate an additional $100 billion for NATO.  On financial markets, shares in European defence companies rose as investors bet arms spending would rise in response to Trump’s calls for Europe to pay more for its security. A first sign of Trump’s tough stance could come as early as next year, when the United States is due to deploy troops and heavy combat equipment to eastern Europe under a $3.4 billion U.S. spending plan for Europe to deter Russia. Trump could scale back President Barack Obama’s plan to quadruple funding under the European Reassurance Initiative (ERR) from just under $800 million - a significant investment in Europe after decades of cutting its presence in Europe.  France saw an opportunity to strengthen European defence. “Donald Trump said he wanted to ... stop paying for NATO, so countries like Poland need to ask themselves (what this means),” Foreign Minister Jean-Marc Assault said. “Rather than lowering our heads, we must rise to the challenge.” Trump has also threatened to withdraw U.S. forces from Europe if allies fail to pay more for U.S. protection, although U.S. ambassador to NATO Douglas Lute sought to reassure allies, saying: “NATO has always been a bipartisan venture for the United States.” Trump has said NATO could become obsolete if it does not focus more on Isla mist militant groups hostile to the West, an area that is not traditionally a core focus of the alliance. Stoltenberg, a former Norwegian prime minister whose own country borders Russia, sought to remind the new president-elect that the only time NATO has activated its Article 5 commitment was following the Septa. 11 attacks in 2001. ",1
7395,"Trump aide says no decision on Clinton prosecutor, now focused on unity","NEW YORK/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican President-elect Donald Trump’s campaign manager on Wednesday said there has been no discussion of an appointment of a prosecutor to investigate Hillary Clinton’s past practices while serving as President Barack Obama’s secretary of state, a threat Trump made in an election debate. Trump and Vice President-elect Mike Pence are “looking to unify the country, but we haven’t discussed that in recent days, and I think that it’s all in due time,” campaign manager Kellyanne Conway said on MSNBC when asked about the appointment of a prosecutor.  Real estate developer and former reality TV host Trump stunned the world by defeating Democrat Clinton in Tuesday’s U.S. presidential election. His four-year term starts on Jan. 20.  Asked on CNN about the possibility of a special prosecutor, Conway said: “We didn’t discuss that last night, and he did not discuss that with Hillary Clinton on the phone.” Clinton called Trump to concede the race. During his victory speech in the early hours of Wednesday morning, Trump said it was “time for American to bind the wounds of division.”  Given Trump’s promise to bring the country together, pursuing a case against Clinton could be a risky political strategy, said Katy Harriger, a political science professor from Wake Forest University in North Carolina. “I can’t imagine anything more divisive than going after someone who may have won the popular vote,” said Harriger, whose work focuses on the role of special prosecutors in U.S. politics. The White House on Wednesday also pointed to the nation’s long history of not jailing political rivals in retribution. Appointing a prosecutor would also mean going against the recommendations of the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The agency, which had been investigating Clinton’s email practices, cleared her just two days ahead of the election and stood by its earlier finding that criminal charges were not warranted. During his second debate with Clinton on Oct. 9, Trump vowed to put Clinton in jail, attacking her for operating a private email server during her tenure as chief diplomat under Obama from 2009 to 2013, saying she had endangered national security.  Trump said, “If I win, I am going to instruct my attorney general to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation. Because there has never been so many lies, so much deception.” Under U.S. government regulations in place since 1999, the attorney general can appoint a special counsel because of a conflict of interest or because of “other extraordinary circumstances.”  Clinton, who has apologized over her use of a private server, defended herself at the St. Louis debate. If Trump chose to pursue an investigation, his appointee for attorney general would have “broad discretion” to assign a special counsel to the case, said Devin Schindler, a professor at Western Michigan University’s Cooley Law School.  The White House, asked about Trump’s pledge to jail Clinton, said such a move would be unprecedented. “We’ve got a long tradition in this country of ... people in power not using the criminal justice system to exact political revenge. In fact, we go to great lengths to insulate our criminal justice system from partisan politics,” Obama’s spokesman Josh Earnest told reporters at a daily news briefing.  “That commitment has served our country very well for more than two centuries. And the president is hopeful that it will continue,” he added.  Obama does have the ability to issue a pre-emptive pardon of Clinton that would shield her from prosecution, even though no charges have been filed against her, said legal experts.  Asked about such a possibility, Earnest said he could not speculate about any hypothetical pardons. After taking office, President Gerald Ford pardoned his predecessor, Richard Nixon, who had not been charged with a crime in the Watergate scandal, in an effort to move past the country’s polarization. But Obama might be hesitant to issue a pardon, and Clinton to accept one, because under U.S. Supreme Court precedent, “the acceptance of a pardon is the functional equivalent of admitting guilt,” said Schindler. Peter Zeidenberg, who served as deputy special counsel in the investigation of former Vice President Dick Cheney’s chief of staff and national security adviser, Lewis “Scooter” Libby, over government leaks during the George W. Bush administration, said a special prosecutor would have to take evidence to a grand jury overseen by a judge. Given what is known about Clinton’s conduct, it is a “nothingburger” of a case, he said. Despite chants from Trump supporters at his campaign rallies to “Lock her up,” including at his election night victory party,  Zeidenberg and other legal experts said Trump may go back on his pledge to appoint a special prosecutor.  “It sounds good at the time, so he says it,” said  Zeidenberg. “But he has changed his position so many times he is like a weathervane in a windstorm.” ",1
7396,"'France is not the U.S.,' presidential hopeful Juppe's camp says","BORDEAUX, France (Reuters) - “The French never vote like the Americans,” a politician told a rally for presidential favorite Alain Juppe on Wednesday as France wondered if it would be the next country to prove the opinion polls wrong. Juppe, mayor of the southwest city of Bordeaux and a former prime minister, has topped the polls for months. Surveys predict he will win both a primary later in November to be the center-right’s candidate and the presidential election in six months. But after pollsters failed to predict U.S. voters would make Donald Trump their country’s 45th president, like their British colleagues who got the United Kingdom’s vote to leave the EU wrong, France has started bracing for a possible surprise next year. “Juppe is ahead in polls and he will also win. The French are not like the Americans, we’re not crazy,” Juppe supporter Mbacoye Balde, 35, told Reuters at the Bordeaux rally. Nearby, another Juppe supporter carried a banner reading “Ne vous Trumpez pas” a French play on words with Trump’s name  that meant “Don’t make a mistake.”  “We’ve always been cautious about polls, we’ve always said one should not get carried away and it was not in the bag,” Virginie Calmels, Juppe’s deputy in Bordeaux and one of his campaign spokespersons, said of his strong ratings.     But she added: “It’s not quite the same in France and in the United States.” Unlike in the United States for the Trump vote, pollsters in France have recently tended to overestimate support for the anti-immigration National Front (FN), she said. The far-right party won no region in last year’s local elections, despite forecasts it would get at least one.  But its leader Marine Le Pen is another strong candidate in the presidential election and is expected to be one of the two contestants to make it into the runoff round - possibly against Juppe himself. Juppe told the rally that, if elected, he would “obviously be available for dialogue with President Trump” but spent much of his speech warning against populism, saying inclusiveness and hope were the answer.   Juppe is campaigning on a moderate platform more to the center than the law-and-order strategy of main rival Nicolas Sarkozy, who was France’s president in 2007-2012 and has courted controversy with his hard line on immigration and Islam. Without mentioning Sarkozy by name, Juppe said: “Beware the false answers and bad solutions ... I say ‘no’ to divisiveness, ‘no’ to demagoguery that pit the French against one another.”  “I want the optimistic France to lift up the sad France,” he said, just days ahead of the two-round primary on November 20 and 27 where he will compete against Sarkozy and five other candidates for the center-right’s nomination.  ",1
7397,"Clinton thanks staff, supporters behind historic bid for U.S. presidency","NEW YORK (Reuters) - Hillary Clinton walked onto the ballroom stage Wednesday morning to do what many had considered unthinkable: thank her campaign staff after failing in her bid to become the first woman elected U.S. president, instead of the anticipated victory speech under a symbolic glass ceiling. Hundreds of staffers and supporters gathered at the New Yorker Hotel in midtown Manhattan to hear Clinton speak publicly for the first time after her bruising loss to New York real estate magnate Donald Trump in the early hours of the morning. Many wore the same clothes as the night before, having stayed up all night after leaving the glass-ceilinged Jacob J. Javits Convention Center, where Clinton’s final rally never materialized. Campaign Chairman John Podesta told the distraught crowd just after 2 a.m. to go home and expect to ultimately “bring this home.” Shortly after, news broke that Clinton had telephoned Trump to concede.  As staffers and supporters filed into the ballroom, there were tears, hugs, and disbelief that Clinton, a former secretary of state, U.S senator and first lady, had again failed to shatter what she called the “highest and hardest glass ceiling” after her first attempt at the presidency in 2008, when she lost in her bid for the Democratic nomination. This time, Clinton won the Democratic primary race, becoming the first women to secure a major party’s nomination in her race against U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders. But in the final contest for the White House, she lost to Trump, the unorthodox Republican nominee. “We have seen that our nation is more deeply divided than we thought, but I still believe in America and I always will, and if you do then we must accept this result and then look to the future,” Clinton said, with her husband, former President Bill Clinton, daughter Chelsea Clinton and Chelsea’s husband, Marc Mezvinsky, at her side. Also on the stage were Clinton’s vice presidential pick, U.S. Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia, and his wife, Anne Holton. Clinton wore a black suit with purple lapels - the color created by combining blue and red, the colors that symbolize the two major U.S. political parties - and not the suffragette white that many expected Tuesday night. Bill Clinton wore a matching tie. Clinton urged her backers to seek unity in the wake of defeat. “Donald Trump is going to be our president, we owe him an open mind and the chance to lead,” she said. Likely facing her last opportunity for a presidential run, Clinton, 69, acknowledged the bitter sting of an election defeat in which initial results show she won the popular vote but came up short in the Electoral College vote that ultimately decides the race. Clinton had been leading Trump in public opinion polls for months, and in the final week of her campaign, her staff celebrated a drawn-out campaign marked with vitriol at star-studded rallies with performers such as Jon Bon Jovi, Jay Z and Beyonce.  But as election returns came in, Trump pulled off major upsets in key states including Pennsylvania, Michigan, Wisconsin and Florida that Clinton’s campaign expected to win. Aides appeared visibly shaken as Tuesday night turned into Wednesday morning.  “Hate trumps love, I guess,” a supporter in the ballroom on Wednesday said, flipping the phrase Clinton had used to close her rallies. Clinton thanked her supporters - women and young people in particular - and urged them to never give up. “I’ve had successes, and I’ve had setbacks, sometimes really painful ones. Many of you are at the beginning of your professional, public, political careers. You will have successes and setbacks too. This setback hurts, but please never stop believing that fighting for what is right is worth it,” she said. ",1
7398,Obama legacy imperiled as Trump weighs Supreme Court pick,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican Donald Trump’s presidential election victory all but dooms major Obama administration initiatives that are already tied up in legal challenges and gives him the chance to appoint a pivotal fifth conservative justice on the U.S. Supreme Court. Democratic President Barack Obama’s signature 2010 healthcare law, his plan to combat climate change, his executive action on immigration, his transgender rights policy and other issues were challenged in court by Republicans and industry groups. (For a graphic on legal challenges to major Obama initiatives click tmsnrt.rs/2eznafM) A Trump administration could decide no longer to defend the policies in court after Trump takes office on Jan. 20. In addition, Trump and the incoming Republican-led Congress could simply repeal or rescind Obama’s policies, as they have promised. Trump’s Supreme Court appointment, possibly the first of multiple picks, would allow him to restore the decades-long conservative majority on the bench, which looked under threat when conservative Justice Antonin Scalia died in February. The shorthanded court currently is split with four conservatives and four liberals. Conservative activists may be emboldened to bring cases urging the court to support gun rights, uphold abortion restrictions and rule for religious rights. “If you have a conservative court, you are going to have more conservative decisions,” said Kerri Kupec, a lawyer with the Alliance Defending Freedom, a conservative Christian legal group involved in religious rights cases. One issue the court could take up in the near term is whether business owners who oppose same-sex marriage can object on religious grounds to providing services to gay couples. One dispute concerns a baker in Colorado, while another involves a florist in Washington state. In the labor context, the high court could also revisit whether states can force nonunion workers to pay unions for collective bargaining activities. The court split 4-4 on the issue in March, just after Scalia’s death, in a loss for conservative groups challenging the practice. Liberal hopes of gaining a majority on the Supreme Court for the first time in decades lasted almost nine months, from Scalia’s death on Feb. 13 to Tuesday night. In a vindication of Republican Senate Leader Mitch McConnell’s decision, with little precedent in U.S. history, to take no action on Obama’s nominee to replace Scalia, appeals court judge Merrick Garland, Trump is now poised to nominate a new justice as soon as he takes office. His nominee would be considered for confirmation by a Republican-controlled Senate under McConnell. Trump may also be able to make further appointments to the court, with three justices 78 or older, including 83-year-old liberal Ruth Bader Ginsburg, whom Trump called on to resign in July after she called him a “faker” and speculated about the possibility of moving to New Zealand if he won the White House. Fellow liberal Stephen Breyer is 78, while conservative Anthony Kennedy is 80. If Trump is able to replace Ginsburg or another liberal justice during his presidency, the court’s conservative wing would be further strengthened. Such a majority “could be a threat to important rights that have been protected in the past by the Supreme Court,” said Elizabeth Wydra, president of the Constitutional Accountability Center, a liberal legal group. She cited abortion rights and efforts at ensuring racial equality as examples. A conservative court, as it was with Scalia on the bench,  would likely be favorable toward gun rights, skeptical of abortion and supportive of the death penalty. If Democrat Hillary Clinton had won Tuesday’s election, liberals may have been emboldened to challenge the constitutionality of the death penalty and seek gun restrictions and limits on campaign spending, among other things.  Trump has already issued a list of 21 judges, mainly federal judges appointed by President George W. Bush and state court judges, he said he would consider to fill Scalia’s vacancy. All have conservative credentials on such issues as abortion, birth control and gun rights. The case that could be affected soonest by Trump’s win  involves transgender rights. The court on Oct. 28 took up a case concerning a female-born transgender high school student named Gavin Grimm, who identifies as male and sued in 2015 to win the right to use the school’s boys’ bathroom. Grimm is backed by the Obama administration. No date has been set for the argument in the case. The court could potentially delay acting until it has nine justices. A ruling could resolve similar litigation around the country over an Obama administration directive saying schools should allow transgender students to use the bathroom of their choosing. Trump has said he would rescind the Obama directive. He also has said he would rescind Obama’s executive action to protect millions of immigrants in the country illegally from deportation and give them work permits, which was put on hold by the courts while the administration fights to revive it. Trump would be expected to overturn major regulations put in place under Obama, including the Clean Power Plan to curb greenhouse emissions mainly from coal-fired power plants. That process takes time, meaning the Supreme Court could potentially rule on a legal challenge to the Clean Power Plan before Trump can dump it. The case is pending before an appeals court in Washington. The Republican Congress under Trump could now seek to repeal Obama’s signature healthcare law, the Affordable Care Act, but even if it does not, a Republican legal challenge that could cripple the law is pending before a federal appeals court in Washington. ",1
7399,North Carolina governor unwilling to concede in tight race,"WINSTON-SALEM, N.C. (Reuters) - North Carolina Governor Pat McCrory’s campaign criticized his Democratic challenger on Wednesday for claiming victory in the state’s neck-and-neck gubernatorial race, saying tens of thousands of votes had yet to be tallied. Roy Cooper, the state’s attorney general, declared victory after unofficial election results showed him leading the Republican incumbent by fewer than 5,000 votes in the largest of the 12 U.S. states that elected governors on Tuesday. If Cooper’s advantage holds, it would be the only governorship pick-up for Democrats nationally, while Republicans extended their dominance over state executive offices by flipping seats in New Hampshire, Missouri and Vermont. McCrory’s campaign, however, said the outcome of the North Carolina race will not be known until outstanding absentee, military and provisional ballots are counted, a process expected to extend into next week. “Claiming an outcome before the process has concluded is irresponsible and disrespectful to the voters of North Carolina whose voices have yet to be heard,” McCrory campaign strategist Chris LaCivita said in a statement. The campaign and state Republican Party signaled that a legal fight could be ahead, calling into question why some 90,000 early votes in heavily Democratic Durham County were not uploaded until late Tuesday. LaCivita said Republicans had “grave concerns over potential irregularities” in that county. North Carolina Republican Party Chairman Robin Hayes said dozens of lawyers would be deployed across the state to ensure the validity of every vote cast. Democrats said they expected Cooper to maintain his lead. “Last night, the people of North Carolina chose a new governor with new priorities,” Cooper’s campaign spokesman Ford Porter said. The race in North Carolina was seen as effectively serving as a referendum on a state law that bans transgender people from using government-run restrooms that correspond with their gender identity and limits protections for gays and lesbians. McCrory signed the law, known as House Bill 2, and steadfastly supported its bathroom provision despite the economic backlash against the state after it passed in March. Cooper called the measure discriminatory and said it should be repealed. County elections boards will certify Tuesday’s results on Nov. 18, state election officials said. If the race is decided by 10,000 or fewer votes, a candidate may request a recount. ",1
7400,"Russia revels in Trump victory, looks to sanctions relief","MOSCOW (Reuters) - For all their mutual praise, Russian President Vladimir Putin and U.S. President-elect Donald Trump are likely to disagree on many things. But Trump’s election win could hand Moscow an elusive prize - the lifting or easing of Western sanctions. Rolling back those sanctions, imposed by the United States and the European Union to punish Moscow for its 2014 annexation of Ukraine’s Crimea and support for separatists in eastern Ukraine, could spur investment in Russia’s flat-lining economy. That might make it even easier for Putin, who is trying to plug holes in the state budget inflicted by low oil prices and sanctions, to win a fourth presidential term in 2018 by allowing him to show he has returned the economy to growth.  “Clearly the chances of sanctions being lifted on Russia have risen substantially,” Charles Robertson, Renaissance Capital’s global chief economist, said. “That would improve the investment climate for Russia.” Russia’s rouble currency and stocks gained on the Trump election victory. Ukraine’s dollar-denominated bonds tumbled to multi-month lows, reflecting pessimism about what a Trump presidency means for the divided and indebted country. The Kremlin had been bracing for fraught relations if the White House had been won by Hillary Clinton - a politician Putin once accused of stirring up protests against him and who state media portrayed as an anti-Russian warmonger. Trump was portrayed in a more positive light. Putin described him as “very talented” and in Kremlin-backed media he was cast as a plucky political maverick. Still, few in Moscow had believed the Republican candidate would win, apart from a group of Trump-supporting nationalists who gathered in a Moscow bar decorated with a triptych of Putin, Trump and French Front National leader Marine Le Pen. Once it became clear he had won, Russia’s parliament erupted in applause and Putin told foreign ambassadors he was ready to fully restore ties with Washington. State TV ran a clip of a Russian doppelganger of Trump taunting a cowed Clinton lookalike and Margarita Simonyan, the boss of RT, the Kremlin’s English-language TV news channel, said she would drive around Moscow with a U.S. flag to celebrate. But Russian glee was tempered by a recognition that Trump’s pre-election promises might be diluted and that deep contradictions between Moscow and Washington would remain, even if Trump and Putin adopt a friendly tone in public. Trump’s attempts to ease restrictions on doing business with Russia could also be constrained by Congress, which has shown it has little patience for the Kremlin’s military adventures. Executives with Western firms say the biggest obstacle to deals with Russia is not the sanctions themselves but the prospect that more could be imposed and the zeal with which existing sanctions are enforced. If a Trump White House were to send a signal to businesses that it was taking a more lax approach, investments could start flowing again with sanctions still in place. A softer U.S. stance could also weaken European sanctions resolve. The bloc’s measures have already started to look wobbly, with some member states finding ways to circumvent them, others saying it is time to discuss moving on, and some business groups in countries such as Germany lobbying against them. Until now, Washington has helped stiffen European resolve. When Russia placed a Eurobond in May this year, many European banks decided not to take part because they did not want to fall foul of U.S. financial regulators. “America was the leader there and amazingly has been able to hold Europe together (on sanctions),” political analyst Masha Lipman told Reuters. “With Donald Trump in the White House I think there may be changes, something that might be beneficial for Russia.” Putin needs sanctions lifted as they risk hurting his re-election prospects. Russia’s central bank is forecasting economic growth of up to 1 percent next year, well below the level Russian households have come to expect. After previous slumps, recoveries have been driven by foreign lending and investment. There are already some signs that the economy is hurting support for Putin, a trend that is only likely to grow in the 18 months until the Russian presidential election. Kremlin-watchers said that, even if U.S.-relations were less antagonistic with Trump in the White House, any deal would involve hard bargaining on both sides. Russia is seeking formal recognition from the world that Crimea, part of Ukraine, is now Russian territory, something it has only got so far apart from a handful of nations. It also wants Kiev to do more to implement a peace deal covering eastern Ukraine, where pro-Russian separatists hold sway. In Syria, where Russia is helping President Bashar al-Assad fight a war with air strikes and military assistance, Moscow wants the West to drop ideas about changing the government, abandon help for what it says are hardline Islamists, and drop talk of possible no-fly zones. One possibility is a quid pro quo, with Russia making concessions on Syria in exchange for the United States ceding ground on Ukraine and sanctions. “For Russia the key point is Ukraine. If Trump says that America does not care about Ukraine, then that is all that Russia wants to hear right now,” Georgy Bovt, editor of the Russkiy Mir magazine, told Reuters. “On Syria it will be easier to reach a deal. I think that on Assad, Russia will be willing to compromise because Ukraine is more important for Russia.” Much has been made in Russian and Western media of the perceived similarities and differences between Putin and Trump, who have never met. Both are fond of tough talking and some Russian politicians have suggested the pair might be able to forge a close working relationship similar to the one the Russian leader enjoyed with former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi.  Trump has said he might even meet Putin before his inauguration. Putin’s spokesman said there were currently no plans for such a meeting.   People familiar with both men’s leadership styles advised caution however, saying both were relatively thin-skinned when it came to criticism. Andrey Kortunov, director general of the Russian International Affairs Council, a think-tank close to the Foreign Ministry, told Reuters the fact that Trump was an untested politician would also be a worry for the Kremlin. “He’s a loose cannon and you never know what to expect from him,” he said. There were also concerns the two men might be too alike.  “The problem is that both of them, Putin and Trump, are macho,” Sergei Markov, a Kremlin-connected analyst and former pro-Putin lawmaker, told Reuters. “They could try to take the measure of each other. We can’t let that happen.” ",1
7401,Obama hopeful Trump won't seek political revenge on Clinton: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama hopes the U.S. tradition of people in power not using the criminal justice system against their opponents will continue, the White House said on Wednesday when asked about Republican President-elect Donald Trump’s pledge to jail his Democratic rival Hillary Clinton. “We’ve got a long tradition in this country of ... people in power not using the criminal justice system to exact political revenge. ... The president is hopeful that it will continue,” White House spokesman Josh Earnest told a news briefing. (This story corrects headline to say political not criminal revenge) ",1
7402,"Trump win boosts coal, hits renewable stocks","MARRAKESH, Morocco/CHICAGO (Reuters) - The prospect of an abrupt shift in U.S. climate policy under President-elect Donald Trump lifted the shares of U.S. mining equipment giant Caterpillar Inc (CAT.N), North American railroads and other companies tied to fossil fuels, and slammed shares of renewable energy firms. Trump has called climate change a hoax, said he would rip up the Paris climate treaty and promised to revive the U.S. coal sector. His victory caused dismay at a climate policy conference in Morocco on Wednesday. In the United States, the prospect of a sharp turn in U.S. environmental policy helped boost Caterpillar shares by more than 7 percent on Wednesday on hopes that a Trump administration would reinvigorate coal mining and investment in infrastructure. A mining slump has depressed Caterpillar’s profits and forced rounds of layoffs.    The Obama administration has pursued emissions rules designed to discourage coal-fired power plants, while Trump has said he would revive the coal industry and roll back regulation. “There is bountiful evidence that free trade, tax reform, infrastructure investment and smart regulation are critically important to manufacturers’ success,” Caterpillar said in a statement.  Shares in farm and equipment maker Deere & Co (DE.N) and truck makers Paccar Inc (PCAR.O) and Navistar International Corp (NAV.N) also rose, as did oil stocks.  Railroads Norfolk Southern Corp (NSC.N) and Union Pacific Corp rose 3.3 percent and 4 percent respectively. U.S. railroads have suffered as coal shipments have declined.  “Obviously this is good news for fossil energy and coal in particularly,” said National Mining Association spokesperson Luke Popovich. “We will have a profound shift in policy. And hopefully spur development in low emission and higher efficiency technologies which make coal cleaner to use.”  Regulation and federal policies are not the only challenge for coal.  “A new administration may result in less regulatory pressure for utilities, the competition offered by natural gas doesn’t change,” said Michael Trevino, spokesman for No. 2 U.S. railroad BNSF, which is owned by Berkshire Hathaway Inc(BRKa.N).  Trump’s victory over Democrat Hillary Clinton cast a dark cloud over delegates attending a 200-nation meeting in Marrakesh being held from Nov. 7-18 to celebrate the start of the 2015 Paris Agreement to limit global warming last Friday.  Some delegates expressed concern that Trump could cause other nations to reconsider their position on global warming. Trump has said climate change was an invention by China and wants instead to promote jobs in the U.S. fossil fuel industry. “We will have a lot more hurdles,” said Ian Fry, head of the delegation of Tuvalu, a Pacific island state which fears rising sea levels, adding Trump’s victory could have a “domino effect on other nations”. The Paris Agreement allows all nations to set national targets to slow climate change and some could scale those back. There are no sanctions for non-compliance. Many nations vowed to push ahead despite Trump with the sweeping plan to phase out net global greenhouse gas emissions between 2050 and 2100 by shifting from coal and oil to cleaner energies such as wind or solar power. Still, Trump’s victory drove down renewable energy stocks. Shares in Vestas (VWS.CO), the world’s biggest wind turbine maker, were down 6.2 percent in mid-morning, while German peer Nordex (NDXG.DE) traded 6.6 percent lower. In the United States, Silicon Valley electric car maker Tesla Motors Inc(TSLA.O) sank 3.4 percent to its lowest price since February. Tesla benefits from federal tax breaks for electric vehicles and selling credits generated under a California electric vehicle policy. Other renewable shares were also hit. Spain’s Gamesa GAM.MC, which is being merged with Siemens (SIEGn.DE), and Portugal’s EDP Renovaveis (EDPR.LS) traded 2.4 and 5.2 percent lower, respectively. Stephanie Pfeifer, CEO of the Institutional Investors Group on Climate Change, a European forum for 128 investors with more than 13 trillion euros in assets, said changes towards greener growth were “irreversible”. “Renewables have already overtaken coal as a global power source, electric vehicles are the growth segment of the auto industry and jobs are being created in clean energy sectors faster than any other,” she said. ",1
7403,Russia's Putin congratulates Trump on election win,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin congratulated businessman Donald Trump on his victory in the U.S. presidential election in a telegram on Wednesday, the Kremlin said. “Putin expressed hope for joint work to restore Russian-American relations from their state of crisis, and also to address pressing international issues and search for effective responses to challenges concerning global security,” the Kremlin said in a statement. Putin also said he was sure a constructive dialogue between Moscow and Washington would serve the interests of both countries, the Kremlin said. ",1
7404,Obama on Trump victory: we are now all rooting for his success,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama pledged on Wednesday to work for a smooth transition of power with president-elect Donald Trump, the Republican winner of Tuesday’s election, who has promised to undo Obama’s top domestic and foreign policy initiatives. In brief remarks to reporters in the White House Rose Garden, Obama urged fellow Democrats to put aside their disappointment and tried to strike a positive tone after a devastating electoral defeat. “It is no secret that the president-elect and I have some pretty significant differences,” Obama said with a smile about Trump, who had long questioned whether Obama had been born in the United States and his eligibility for office. “We are now all rooting for his success in uniting and leading the country,” Obama said. Obama and his wife, Michelle, campaigned hard for Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton to defeat Trump, acknowledging that the president’s legacy on healthcare, climate change and financial reforms were on the line. But Obama kept his remarks on Wednesday focused on ensuring a successful transition for Trump, noting that his Republican predecessor, former President George W. Bush, had done the same for him eight years ago. “Everybody is sad when their side loses an election, but the day after we have to remember that we’re actually all on one team,” Obama said. “I want to make sure that handoff is well executed because ultimately we’re all on the same team,” Obama said. ",1
7405,"Some Americans look to Canada, NZ as Trump surges to victory","TORONTO/WELLINGTON (Reuters) - Canada’s main immigration website remained down on Wednesday and New Zealand reported increased traffic to its website for residency visas from U.S. nationals as Donald Trump surged to victory in the U.S. presidential election. Americans have often vowed to leave the country if their chosen candidate doesn’t win the election, but this time around some are actually preparing to do so after Trump stunningly won the Nov. 8 election. A spokeswoman for Canada’s immigration department said the website crashed “as a result of a significant increase in the volume of traffic” as election results rolled in Tuesday night. Bonnie Quinn, a New Jersey insurance underwriter planning to move to Canada with her husband said she felt “just downright embarrassed” by the election results. “I’m not sure in what order we should do things - find jobs first or move,” said Quinn, 35, whose Irish grandparents once immigrated to Canada. In New Zealand, immigration officials said the New Zealand Now website, which deals with residency and student visas, had received 1,593 registrations from United States citizens since Nov. 1 – more than 50 percent of a typical month’s registrations in just seven days.  Rod Drury, the chief executive of NZ-based global accounting software firm Xero, said the statistics matched up with interest his company has been seeing from prospective U.S. national employees concerned about a Trump win.  Drury said what started as a joke was becoming a reality.  “I’ve got lots of messages coming through at the moment asking for a job in New Zealand, and we’re saying ‘Yes you can’,” Drury told Reuters by telephone on Wednesday. In the hours after Trump’s victory, Americans were searching for jobs in Canada at 10 times the rate of previous nights, said Jed Kolko, chief economist for job website Indeed. “It’s far too soon to guess how many of these searchers will make a move after the shock wears off. But the jump in searches shows how many Americans were surprised by Trump’s victory and are thinking about their options elsewhere,” Kolko said in an emailed statement. In Atlanta, business coach Nancy Chorpenning, 62, said she and her husband are looking to move to Costa Rica sooner than their planned retirement because of the Trump victory. “I am simply terrified the new administration and Congress may destroy the Social Security we count on when my husband retires,” said Chorpenning, who is traveling to Costa Rica next week to scout for condos. After some Americans, often jokingly, said they would move to Canada if Trump was elected, the idea was taken up by some Canadian communities.  In February, the island of Cape Breton on Canada’s Atlantic coast marketed itself as a tranquil refuge for Americans seeking to escape should Trump capture the White House. On Maple Match, a recently-launched dating website aimed to match Americans fleeing Trump with Canadians, users have more than doubled to about 14,000 overnight, according to chief executive Joe Goldman. While the pledge to “move to Canada” has been made in elections past, it has rarely played out, although thousands of Americans who opposed the Vietnam War moved to Canada. Migration data from after Republican George W. Bush’s 2000 election and 2004 re-election - other moments when liberal Americans pledged to move to Canada in protest - suggest few followed through on their promises.  While immigration to Canada increased during the years of Bush’s elections, the rise was not more than increases in other years, data from the Montreal-based Association for Canadian Studies show. ",1
7406,California voters turn down drug pricing initiative,"LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - California voters turned down a ballot initiative aimed at reining in rising prices for prescription drugs after pharmaceutical companies spent more than $100 million to fight it. The California Drug Price Relief Act, also known as Proposition 61, sought to limit state health programs from paying more for medications than the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), which receives the steepest discounts in the country.  As of Wednesday morning, with more than 99 percent of precincts partially reporting from Tuesday’s election, the vote was 46 percent in favor of the measure and 54 percent opposed, according to California’s Secretary of State. “The pharmaceutical companies spent a lot to defeat this,” said Stuart Schweitzer, professor of health policy and management at the University of California, Los Angeles Fielding School of Public Health. “They wanted to draw a line in the sand.” The measure’s defeat “reaffirms the power of the biopharma lobby,” Jefferies analyst Brian Abrahams said in a note to investors on Wednesday. The rising cost of prescription drugs came under attack during the U.S. presidential campaign. Both President-elect Donald Trump and Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton called for cost-trimming measures including allowing Medicare, the federal health plan for seniors, to negotiate prices with drugmakers. Shares in pharmaceutical and biotechnology shares, under pressure in recent weeks, soared on Wednesday as market fears of a win by Clinton and Democrats gaining power in Congress receded. The Nasdaq Biotechnology index .NBI advanced 7 percent and was on track for its biggest single-day gain in about five years.     Proposition 61’s opponents, led by global drugmakers such as Pfizer Inc and Amgen Inc, spent around $106 million. They argued that it would benefit only 12 percent of Californians, while putting the other 88 percent, and veterans across the country, at risk of higher drug costs. Supporters, led by the AIDS Healthcare Foundation and AARP, which advocates for seniors, said only drug companies themselves can raise prices for veterans or other consumers. Vermont Independent Senator Bernie Sanders also campaigned in support of Proposition 61, calling on voters to “stand up to the greed of the pharmaceutical industry.” Proponents, who raised $17 million to support the initiative, estimated it could save California taxpayers up to $5.7 billion over 10 years, although a state legislative analysis said the financial impact is not clear. UCLA’s Schweitzer said the measure would have had only a modest impact on state drug costs. There were also questions about how Proposition 61 would be implemented. The VA’s mandated prices are listed publicly, but its steepest negotiated price discounts are required by law to be confidential. The VA spends some $6.1 billion a year on medicines for 6 million veterans. Proposition 61 would have extended those discounts to around 4.5 million Californians, including certain members of the state’s low-income Medicaid plan, state employees and retirees, university teachers and prisoners. A similar proposition has been approved for Ohio’s 2017 November ballot.  ",1
7407,"Obama intends to brief, not lobby, Trump on policies: White House","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama intends to brief, rather than lobby, President-elect Donald Trump about the Obama administration’s policies during the transition of power, the White House said on Wednesday. Speaking at a news briefing, White House spokesman Josh Earnest added, however, that viewing some policies from inside the government “gives you a new appreciation for the benefits of those policies.” “President Obama is committed to an effective transition that helps bring President-elect Trump and his team up to speed on the current status of U.S. policy, including foreign policy,” Earnest said. ",1
7408,Democrat Hassan wins New Hampshire Senate race,"BOSTON (Reuters) - New Hampshire Governor Maggie Hassan, a Democrat, has been elected to the U.S. Senate, ousting incumbent Republican Kelly Ayotte, the New Hampshire secretary of state confirmed on Wednesday. Hassan won by a narrow margin, recording 354,640 votes to Ayotte’s 353,617, according to a final tally posted online on Wednesday. “It will be my job in the U.S. Senate to make the best decisions for New Hampshire to work with President-elect Trump when it is in the best interest of New Hampshire and the country, and to stand up to him when it isn’t,” Hassan said. ",1
7409,Melania's Slovenian hometown eyes Trump win as boon for tourism,"SEVNICA, Slovenia (Reuters) - The small Slovenian town of Sevnica, Melania Trump’s birthplace, savored her husband’s shock win in the U.S. election as a likely boon for tourism on Wednesday, while a former schoolmate remembered her as “creative and innovative”. Until about a year ago, the town of fewer than 5,000 people, nestled in the foothills of the Alps, was scarcely known in Slovenia, let alone abroad.   But on Monday, Sevnica was clearly looking forward to a financial spin-off from being the hometown of the 46-year-old future U.S. First Lady. “Sometimes the pressure of the media was too hard. The people of Sevnica are not used to it. On the other hand, the global attention is positive because Sevnica is developing into a tourist destination,” mayor Srecko Ocvirk said. Speaking to Reuters shortly after 7 a.m. (0600 GMT) in Sevnica’s Central cafe, the smiling mayor said local residents had supported Trump and his wife’s campaign. “We are very satisfied at the result,” he said. Born Melania Knavs in 1970, she lived in an apartment block in Sevnica with her family as a child. When she was a teenager, the family moved to a modest two-storey house above the Sava river on the outskirts of town, which sits below a well-maintained medieval castle. Residents say her father sold car parts and her mother worked for a factory that made a brand of children’s clothing very popular in communist Yugoslavia, before the country fell apart in the 1990s. Melania’s modeling career took her to Milan and thence to the United States, far away from her native Slovenia, a tiny former Yugoslav republic of 2 million people comparable in size to New Jersey. “Even as a child Melania was creative, innovative and Sevnica was too small for her,” said Mirjana Jelancic, Melania’s friend who is now a headmistress of Melania’s elementary school. “She was reserved and when I heard that Donald was running I said (to myself) this will be hard for her. She never wanted to be in the spotlight,” Jelancic said. “She was excellent at her job (in the campaign).” The head of the town’s health center, which received a donation from Melania in 2005 when she was pregnant with her son Barron, said she believed Melania would be a success in the White House, as well. “Melania will be an excellent First Lady who will take Slovenian values of generosity, loyalty and trust to the United States and the world,” Vladimira Tomsic said.   ",1
7410,"White House says committed to implementing Iran deal, climate change agreement","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Obama administration remains committed to implementing the Paris agreement on climate change and the Iran nuclear deal through its final months, the White House said on Wednesday after the presidential election victory of Republican Donald Trump. “This administration will be committed to implementing those policies through January 20th, and we will live up to the  commitments that we have made in each of those areas as we do so,” White House spokesman Josh Earnest said at a news briefing. Trump, who strongly criticized the Iran deal and the Paris agreement, will start his four-year term on Jan. 20. ",1
7411,ECB's Rimsevics says Trump will be 'very good' president,"RIGA (Reuters) - European Central Bank ratesetter Ilmars Rimsevics welcomed Donald Trump’s U.S. presidential election win on Wednesday, saying the Republican would be a “very good” president.  “I think that he will be a very good president because he has to prove that he will bring about some change and... structural reforms,” Rimsevics said during a TV interview. ",1
7412,Republicans defend grip on U.S. Congress as Trump wins presidency,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republicans maintained their majorities in both chambers of the U.S. Congress in a momentous election on Tuesday in which Republican Donald Trump won the presidency, empowering the party to reshape Washington. The Republican sweep sets up the United States for two years of “unified” government, which would normally mean significant policy change, although Trump’s election was anything but normal and he will start his presidency with unusual handicaps.  Both Republican leaders on Capitol Hill held Trump at arm’s length during the campaign. Trump offended and attacked some congressional Republicans on the stump, including House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan. Early on Wednesday, shortly after Clinton conceded to Trump, Ryan said in a statement: “We are eager to work hand-in-hand with the new administration to advance an agenda to improve the lives of the American people.” Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, also a Republican,  said in a guarded and similarly timed statement: “The American people have chosen a new direction for our nation.” The new Congress will not convene until Jan. 3, but the “lame-duck” Congress will return next week and Republicans are set to begin the process of picking leaders for both chambers. Ryan’s position as speaker could be challenged by Republican conservatives who backed Trump and it remains to be seen if the president-elect himself will try to push Ryan out. “Trump seems magnanimous right now,” an aide to one of Trump’s House supporters said after Trump stressed unity in his victory speech in New York. “We shall see.” In a huge disappointment to Democrats, Republicans were on a pace to lose only a handful of seats in the House, well below the double-digit losses some predicted. Similarly, Democrats gained only one seat in the Senate, although a few races were still to be determined, including New Hampshire, where incumbent Republican Kelly Ayotte was deadlocked with Democrat Maggie Hassan early on Wednesday. In Illinois, Democratic U.S. Representative Tammy Duckworth defeated Republican Senator Mark Kirk. Democrats needed to pick up a net five seats to win Senate control. Republican successes came on the heels of big Republican gains in the 2014 congressional elections and defied predictions the party was in tatters and on the verge of splitting apart because of deep divisions over Trump. Congressional Republicans are sure to flex their muscles on a range of legislation, not the least of which is fulfilling a six-year quest to repeal President Barack Obama’s landmark healthcare law known as “Obamacare.” Republicans also campaigned on an agenda that shunned comprehensive immigration reform and opposed gun control and expanded environmental and financial regulations. In the Senate, McConnell, a Kentucky Republican, was expected to remain at his post for at least the next two years. Paul Sracic, who chairs the politics department at Youngstown State University in Ohio, said: “There was all this concern that Trump would damage Republicans down-ticket. Just the opposite happened” as Trump brought out more Republican voters. Come January, Republicans will have to pivot from trying to block Obama’s initiatives - such as his signature health insurance program Obamacare - to governing along with Trump. “Republicans no longer have the luxury of being the opposition party, said Sarah Binder, a political science professor at George Washington University. “For example, will they actually repeal Obamacare and agree what to implement in its place?” she added. McConnell led conservatives’ opposition to any Supreme Court nominee named by Obama following last February’s death of conservative Justice Antonin Scalia. His gamble paid off and he will now await a nomination from Trump, likely dooming Obama’s choice of federal judge Merrick Garland. Star-power incumbent Republicans, such as Senator John McCain in Arizona and Marco Rubio in Florida, also scored victories.  Issues ranging from tax cuts to border security will now take center stage in Washington. Trump’s opposition to trade deals with foreign countries puts in serious jeopardy the Trans-Pacific Partnership agreement negotiated by Obama that would cover economies from Japan to Chile. “In terms of trade, I think TPP is dead. The stake went through its heart tonight,” Sracic said. ",1
7413,Speaker Ryan pledges to work with Trump on bold agenda,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan, who sparred with Donald Trump at times during his presidential campaign, pledged on Wednesday to work closely with the president-elect to forge an aggressive Republican legislative agenda from the outset of 2017. At a news conference in his hometown of Janesville, Wisconsin, Ryan said he and Trump are arranging a meeting to discuss the transition to a new Congress and administration, as well as the Republican agenda for the lame-duck session of Congress that begins on Monday. Tuesday’s election results will give the Republicans simultaneous control of the White House, Senate and House for the first time since early 2007. “He just earned a mandate and we now just have a unified Republican government,” Ryan said of Trump. “The opportunity is now here. And the opportunity is to go big, to go bold and to get things done.” Ryan said he expected his six-point “A Better Way” blueprint to provide a framework for future action. The plan, which House Republicans used an election platform, calls for initiatives that include repealing and replacing Obamacare, reforming the U.S. tax code and scaling back federal regulations on industry.  Ryan had been slow to endorse Trump for president and clashed with the wealthy businessman over his incendiary campaign rhetoric, accusing him of making comment that was “the textbook definition of racism” about a judge of Mexican heritage. Last month Trump described Ryan as “a very weak and ineffective leader.” But on Wednesday Ryan said he and Trump had held two “fantastic conversations” in the past 18 hours. Ryan’s aim is to “make sure that when his hand comes off the Bible, when he is sworn in as president, we are hitting the ground running.” Ryan said Republicans in Congress also would coordinate with Trump on the upcoming lame duck session on what can be achieved.  The speaker also said it was time for “redemption, not recrimination” and dismissed concerns about civil liberties created by Trump campaign talk. “Donald Trump heard a voice out in this country that no one else heard. He connected in ways with people no one else did. He turned politics on its head,” Ryan said. “Donald Trump provided the kind of coattails that got a lot of people over the finish line so that we could maintain our strong House and Senate majorities.” There had been speculation Ryan would not run for the speaker job in January but last week his staff said he would run for re-election to the post. ",1
7414,Trump invites Netanyahu to meeting 'at the first opportunity': Israel,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu spoke to newly elected U.S. President Donald Trump by phone on Wednesday and Trump invited him to a meeting “at the first opportunity”, Netanyahu’s office said. The conversation was “hearty and warm” and regional issues were discussed, the office said, adding: “The Prime Minister congratulated Trump on his electoral win and told him that the United States has no better ally than Israel.” ",1
7415,Soda taxes spread after votes in four U.S. cities,"(Reuters) - Three California cities voted for a tax on sugar-sweetened beverages and another in Colorado was likely to follow suit, unofficial election results showed on Wednesday, as local governments’ push to cut soda consumption to stem obesity gathered speed. The votes on so-called soda taxes in San Francisco, Albany and Oakland in California and in Boulder, Colorado, came a month after the World Health Organization recommended governments impose such taxes to battle obesity, diabetes and other diet-related diseases. Tax proponents have recorded a series of victories in the United States this year, after numerous failed attempts.      Opponents argue that the taxes hit lower-income populations hardest, and that it is unfair to single out soda in the battle to fight obesity and diabetes. They also question the effectiveness of such taxes. Larry Tramutola, a California political strategist who  organized the pro-tax campaigns in San Francisco and Oakland, said the victory was “huge,” adding: “This is the start of a national movement.” Philadelphia earlier this year passed a levy on soft drinks, pitched as a way to fill a budget shortfall via a tactic that other politicians and advocates have also adopted. “I’m sure that other cities and states will look at this and put tax measures before their legislatures,” said Michael Jacobson, co-founder and president of the Center for Science in the Public Interest in Washington. “Legislators will say, ‘We get a twofer: balance the budget and improve public health.’” The next soda tax vote is set for Cook County, Illinois, on Thursday. Coca-Cola Co., PepsiCo Inc. and other companies in the roughly $100 billion U.S. soft drink industry are fighting the taxes at a time when soda consumption is falling. They point instead to their efforts to reformulate products and broaden the range of drinks they offer to address consumers’ health concerns. More than one-third of U.S. adults are obese. “Our energy remains squarely focused on reducing the sugar consumed from beverages,” a spokeswoman for the American Beverage Association said in an emailed statement.  Shares in Pepsi  and Coca Cola  were both down nearly 2 percent, while Dr. Pepper Snapple Group was off 3.4 percent on Wednesday as the Dow Jones industrial average gained 0.9 percent. Spending from both camps has soared this year as billionaire advocates for the tax, including former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg, joined the fray. For soda companies, the effects of the taxes on volumes and profits may be muted. In Mexico, which introduced a tax in 2014, per capita consumption dropped after the tax was introduced. But the impact on companies like Pepsi was offset by population growth and strong demand of non-fizzy beverages. “This is more of a headline risk than a fundamental risk. It doesn’t have an enormous impact on the companies themselves, as long as the (size of) taxes are within the realm of reason,” said Ali Dibadj, analyst with Sanford C. Bernstein in New York. Long-term, the effects could be greater if the taxes are increased and if more jurisdictions introduce them. In San Francisco, Oakland and Albany, the taxes will be a penny per ounce, the same as in neighboring Berkeley, where voters passed a levy in 2014. In Boulder, the vote was for a 2-cent-per-ounce tax. The San Francisco measure passed 62 percent to 38 percent and the Albany measure passed 71 percent to 29 percent. The Oakland measure had 61 percent in favor and 39 percent opposed, and in Boulder the soda tax was passing 54 percent to 46 percent, with over three-quarters of the ballots counted. ",1
7416,"Liberia's Johnson Sirleaf saddened, concerned after Trump win","LONDON (Reuters) - Liberian President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf said on Wednesday she was saddened by the fact U.S. voters had not elected a woman president, and expressed concern about what President-elect Donald Trump’s policy toward Africa would be. Johnson Sirleaf, the first woman to be elected a head of state in Africa, said: “We are extremely saddened by this missed opportunity on the part of the people of the United States to join smaller democracies in ending the marginalization of women.” In an interview with BBC television, she said that Liberia, a nation founded in the 19th century by freed American slaves, had a long and historical relationship with the United States and she expected that to continue. “We are concerned as to whether President-elect Trump will have an African agenda, will be able to build bridges with Africa. We can only hope that he will do so in due course. “I’m worried about trade deals for Liberia, for Africa. I’m worried about investment and the special programs that have been put in place by President Obama and by President George Bush before him, and we just don’t know what the policy towards Africa will be.” ",1
7417,Central American presidents congratulate Trump,"SAN JOSE (Reuters) - The presidents of three Central American countries congratulated Donald Trump on Wednesday after his shock victory over rival Hillary Clinton in a campaign that focused on immigration issues. On Twitter, the presidents of Panama, Costa Rica and Honduras wrote to congratulate Trump, even as they could be affected by his hardline proposals on immigration and trade. “Congratulations United States on (your) elections,” wrote Juan Orlando Hernandez, the conservative leader of Honduras. “The people decided ... To success between USA/Honduras relations.” The government of El Salvador welcomed President-elect Trump, but called for calm among Salvadorans in the United States and said it would work to ensure their rights were respected. Immigration became a principal issue during the U.S. presidential race, with Trump promising to step up deportations and triple the number of border patrol agents to dissuade immigrants from entering the U.S. illegally. The Republican president-elect has also threatened to keep many immigrants out of the country by building a massive border wall he says Mexico will pay for. ",1
7418,"Factbox: Republicans retain control of Senate, House","(Reuters) - Republicans kept control of both chambers of the U.S. Congress in Tuesday’s election, empowering the party to reshape Washington along with Donald Trump, who won the White House. The following outlines what was at stake in the races, and results based on television projections and state election boards:	 U.S. Senate, 100 seats With a handful of races still to be decided, Republicans had secured 51 seats in the 100-member Senate, dashing Democrats’ hopes to take control of the chamber. Senators serve six-year terms. A third of the Senate is up for re-election every two years. Procedural rules in the Senate mean 60 votes are needed to advance major initiatives. Republicans entered the election with 54 seats, led by Kentucky’s Mitch McConnell, versus the Democrats’ 44 seats and two independents. The Democrats’ leader in the next Senate is expected to be New York’s Chuck Schumer. The Republicans this year were defending 24 seats. The Democrats defended 10 seats and gained only one, in Illinois. U.S. House, 435 seats Television networks declared that Republicans, as expected, retained their majority in the House of Representatives and lost fewer seats than anticipated. Members of the House serve two-year terms and all are up for re-election every two years. To advance most bills in the House, 218 votes or more are needed. Republicans went into the elections holding 246 seats to the Democrats’ 186. There were three vacancies. The Republican leader is Speaker Paul Ryan of Wisconsin; the Democrats’ leader is Nancy Pelosi of California. To win a majority, Democrats had needed to gain 30 seats. In a blow to Democrats, Republicans were on pace to lose only nine seats in the House, well below the double-digit losses some analysts had predicted. Senate races, with results from television projections and state election offices: Alabama - Senate Banking Committee Chairman Richard Shelby, as expected, won a sixth term, defeating Democrat Ron Crumpton. Alaska - Republican Senator Lisa Murkowski defeated Democratic challenger Ray Metcalfe. Arizona - Veteran Republican Senator John McCain, 80, defeated Democratic U.S. Representative Ann Kirkpatrick, 66. Arkansas - Republican Senator John Boozman beat Democrat Conner Eldridge. California - State Attorney General Kamala Harris, a Democrat, won the seat held by retiring Democratic Senator Barbara Boxer. Harris defeated fellow Democrat Loretta Sanchez.  Colorado - Democratic Senator Michael Bennet won a third term, turning back a challenge from Republican Darryl Glenn. Connecticut - Democratic Senator Richard Blumenthal won a second term, defeating Republican Dan Carter.    Florida - Incumbent Republican Marco Rubio, the failed presidential contender, defeated Democratic Representative Patrick Murphy.  Georgia - Republican Senator Johnny Isakson won his race against Democrat Jim Barksdale. Idaho - Republican Senator Mike Crapo defeated Democrat Jerry Sturgill. Indiana - Democrat Evan Bayh, 60, failed in his bid to recapture his Senate seat, defeated by Republican Representative Todd Young, 44. Illinois - Democratic Representative Tammy Duckworth unseated Republican Senator Mark Kirk. Duckworth, 48, is a double-amputee Iraq War veteran. Kirk, 57, suffered a stroke that sidelined him for much of 2012. Iowa - Republican Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley, 83, won a seventh term, defeating Democrat Patty Judge.   Kansas - Republican Senator Jerry Moran won a second term, defeating Democrat Patrick Wiesner. Kentucky - Republican Senator Rand Paul won a second term against Democrat Jim Gray. Paul unsuccessfully ran for president this year. Louisiana - A runoff election will be held on Dec. 10 to decide whether Republican John Kennedy or Democrat Foster Campbell replaces Republican Senator David Vitter, who is retiring. Maryland - Democratic Representative Chris Van Hollen will replace retiring Senator Barbara Mikulski. Van Hollen defeated Republican Kathy Szeliga. Missouri - Republican Senator Roy Blunt turned back a stiff challenge from Democrat Jason Kander, Missouri’s secretary of state. Nevada - Catherine Cortez Masto, 52, a former Democratic state attorney general, beat Republican Representative Joe Heck, 55, in a battle to replace retiring Democratic Senator Harry Reid. New Hampshire - Democratic Governor Maggie Hassan, 58, led Senator Kelly Ayotte, a 48-year-old Republican, by a few hundred votes with a handful of precincts still to be counted. New York - Senator Chuck Schumer, who is expected to become the next Senate Democratic leader, defeated Republican Wendy Long in the heavily Democratic state.  North Carolina - Republican Senator Richard Burr, 60, won re-election against Democrat Deborah Ross, 53, a former state legislator. North Dakota - Republican Senator John Hoeven won a second term, defeating Democrat Eliot Glassheim.  Ohio - Republican Rob Portman, 60, defeated Democratic challenger Ted Strickland, 75, a former governor. Portman initially endorsed Trump, but later withdrew that and pointedly refused to appear with Trump or talk about him. Oklahoma - Senator James Lankford won a second term, defeating Democrat Mike Workman in this overwhelmingly Republican state.  Oregon - Senator Ron Wyden, the senior Democrat on the Senate Finance Committee, defeated Republican Mark Callahan. Pennsylvania - Republican Senator Patrick Toomey, 54, defeated Democratic challenger Katie McGinty, 53, in the most expensive U.S. Senate contest in the country. South Carolina - Senator Tim Scott, the only African-American Republican in the Senate, beat Democrat Thomas Dixon. South Dakota - Senator John Thune, a member of the Senate Republican leadership, won a third term, defeating Democrat Jay Williams. Utah - Conservative Republican Senator Mike Lee, in this heavily Republican state, won against Democrat Misty Snow.   Vermont - Senator Patrick Leahy, the longest-serving Democrat in the Senate, beat Republican Scott Milne. Washington - As expected, Senator Patty Murray, a member of the Senate Democratic leadership, defeated Republican Chris Vance. Wisconsin - Democrat Russ Feingold, 63, failed to oust Republican Ron Johnson, 61, according to projections. Johnson unseated Feingold in 2010 and was seen as one of the most vulnerable Republicans going into the 2016 campaign. ",1
7419,Swiss right-wing's Blocher: Trump win a warning to world establishment,"ZURICH (Reuters) - Donald Trump’s U.S. election victory, on the heels of Britain’s vote to exit the European Union, was fuelled by voters who feel neglected and shunned by establishment leaders, prominent Swiss right-winger Christoph Blocher said on Wednesday.  Blocher, a top official in the anti-immigration Swiss People’s Party who engineered its ascent to become the biggest faction in the Swiss parliament, said Trump’s win over Democrat Hillary Clinton was a warning to current world leaders not to go over citizens’ heads on issues including immigration. “People feel powerless against those who rule them, and for them, Trump is a release valve,” Blocher said in an interview. “The unexpected result ... should give pause to those who are in power around the world.”  Next year, the Netherlands, France and Germany - and possibly Italy and Britain too - will hold elections in which debate is likely to be driven by populist parties over issues including immigration. [nL8N1D83Q4] That was also a central theme in Britain’s June 23 “Brexit” vote to end 43 years of EU membership. [nU8N1B401J] Non-EU Switzerland is seeking to balance demands by voters in 2014 for immigration quotas for EU workers without torpedoing trade agreements with the bloc. Blocher’s party has said alternatives now being considered ignore the will of voters. [nU8N1B401J][nL8N1BX4CB] “When politicians in Berne refuse to take the vote against mass immigration seriously, it will only lead to a shock like it did in America,” Blocher said. Blocher said Europe’s responses to immigration amid violent Islamist attacks in France, Belgium and Germany have helped populist political parties including France’s National Front, as well as the Alternative for Germany, gain traction. [nL4N1DA4PG] “They stand out because they are taking on problems the establishment refuses to tackle. One big question that you have to speak openly about is the immigration from Islamic countries. You can’t just tear down everybody who is critical of this.” ",1
7420,Democrat Hassan declares victory in New Hampshire Senate race,"BOSTON (Reuters) - New Hampshire Governor Maggie Hassan, a Democrat, on Wednesday declared that she had won her race for the U.S. Senate, though local media and her rival, incumbent Republican Kelly Ayotte, said the race remains too close to call. “It is clear that we have won,” Hassan said in a statement. “It will be my job in the U.S. Senate to make the best decisions for New Hampshire to work with President-elect Trump when it is in the best interest of New Hampshire and the country, and to stand up to him when it isn’t.” ",1
7421,Pakistanis worry that President Trump may favor rival India,"ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Donald Trump’s surprise election as U.S. president has Pakistanis wary that he may accelerate what they see as a shift in American policy to favor arch-foe India in the long rivalry between nuclear-armed neighbors, analysts said on Wednesday. Historical allies in the region, Islamabad and Washington have seen relations sour over U.S. accusations that Pakistan shelters Islamist militants, a charge Pakistan denies. They hit new lows in May when a U.S. drone killed the leader of the Afghan Taliban movement on Pakistani territory. At the same time, Pakistan’s ties with traditional rival India have also deteriorated this year, with India saying Pakistan-based militants killed 19 of its soldiers in a September attack on an army base in the disputed Kashmir region. To many Pakistanis, Trump’s anti-Muslim rhetoric - he once proposed banning Muslims entering the United States - and business ties to India are signs that his administration could shift further toward New Delhi. “America will not abandon Pakistan, but definitely, Trump will be a tougher president than Hillary Clinton for Pakistan,” said Hasan Askari Rizvi, Lahore-based foreign policy analyst. “I think India will have a better and smoother interaction compared to Pakistan.” Trump has yet to lay out a detailed policy for South Asia, although he recently offered to mediate between India and Pakistan in their dispute over the divided territory of Kashmir. He also told Fox News in May he would favor keeping nearly 10,000 U.S. troops in Afghanistan “because it’s adjacent and right next to Pakistan which has nuclear weapons.” On Wednesday, a U.S. diplomat in Pakistan sought to assure the country that Trump’s election did not signal a drastic policy change. “Our foreign policy is based on national interest and they don’t change when the government changes,” Grace Shelton, U.S. Consul General in Karachi, told Geo News television. Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif congratulated Trump. “Your election is indeed the triumph of the American people and their enduring faith in the ideals of democracy, freedom, human rights and free enterprise,” Sharif said in a statement. Still, the uncertainty of a Trump presidency has many Pakistanis on edge, even if the country has leaned towards China in recent years for investment and diplomatic support. “Trump is a bit of a wild card,” said Sherry Rehman, a Pakistani senator and former ambassador to the United States.     “Pakistan obviously cannot rule out engaging with whomever America elects, but his anti-Muslim rhetoric may cast a shadow on relations in times of uncertainty.” Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi also congratulated Trump on Wednesday.  “We look forward to working with you closely to take India-US bilateral ties to a new height,” Modi said in a tweet. Trump has partnered with Indian businessmen on a handful of real estate ventures, but apart from courting the Indian-American vote he has not articulated how he would develop the bilateral relationship. India-U.S. ties have flourished under President Barack Obama and Modi, who came to power in 2014, with the two countries striking key defense agreements this year. Modi’s government has also waged a campaign to isolate Pakistan diplomatically. Shaurya Doval, director of the India Foundation, a think-tank close to Modi’s government, called Trump’s election “a very positive development”, but added that India and the United States would have continued to grow closer under a Hillary Clinton presidency as well. “My sense is that India-U.S. relations are not dependent on individuals – there are strong institutions and processes there,” he said. One fringe Hindu nationalist group in India held a victory gathering at New Delhi’s speakers’ corner on Wednesday. “He’s an American nationalist. We are Indian nationalists. Only he can understand us,” Rashmi Gupta of the Hindu Sena, or Hindu Army, told Reuters. “We expect him to support us when it comes to terrorist attacks on India from Pakistan.” Trump will also have to decide whether to maintain the number of U.S. troops in Afghanistan or change the scope of the mission, 15 years after a U.S.-led campaign toppled the hardline Islamist Taliban government.     The United States has spent some $115 billion in aid for Afghanistan since 2002, but the country is still caught in conflict, with a third of the country out of government control and thousands of Afghan civilians, soldiers and police dying every year. Afghan officials have voiced concern that the conflict is being forgotten in Washington, and warned privately that the West will pay a huge price if that continues.     “The people of Afghanistan are tired of war. We want (Trump) to invest heavily in bringing peace to war-torn Afghanistan and stabilize our region,” said Umer Daudzai, former Afghan minister of interior. Obama’s original aim of pulling out of Afghanistan entirely has been put on hold in the face of mounting gains by Taliban militants, with U.S. air power and special forces still regularly involved in combat.     As recently as last week, two U.S. Green Berets were killed near the northern city of Kunduz. Although Afghan security forces have been fighting largely alone since the end of the main NATO-led combat mission in 2014, their performance has been patchy and they continue to rely heavily on U.S. air power. The Taliban on Wednesday urged Trump to withdraw all U.S. troops. “They should not cause damage to their economy and their military in this failed war,” Taliban spokesman Zabihullah Mujahid said of the American government in a statement. ",1
7422,"At under $5 each, Trump's votes came cheap","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Donald Trump pulled off one of the biggest upsets in American political history when he toppled Hillary Clinton in the U.S. presidential election on Tuesday - and he did it using far less cash than his rival.     Relying heavily on an unorthodox mix of social media, unfiltered rhetoric, and a knack for winning free TV time, the New York real estate businessman likely paid less than $5 per vote during his insurgent White House bid, about half what Clinton paid, according to a Reuters analysis of campaign finance records and voting data. Those figures assume the candidates spent all the funds they raised.     Trump’s cost-effective win has upended prevailing concepts about the influence of money in American politics and raised the question of whether a lean, media-savvy campaign can become the new model for winning office in the United States.     Political strategists and academics tend to agree, however, that Trump’s performance would be tough to repeat. A household name for his luxury brand resorts, reality TV stardom, and ability to surround himself with non-stop controversy, Trump held advantages that many political candidates lack.     “I think this is a case where Trump had unique characteristics as a candidate that allowed him to pursue a different type of strategy,” said Tony Corrado, a professor of government at Colby College in Maine.      In total, Trump raised at least $270 million since launching his campaign in June 2015, a little more than a third of the money that Obama’s re-election campaign spent in 2012, according to the most recent filings with the Federal Elections Commission.  With vote counting wrapping up in the early hours of Wednesday, Trump had won some 59 million votes nationwide in the general election. That amounts to less than $5 per vote for the $270 million he spent.     According to data analytics firm mediaQuant, Trump garnered about $5 billion worth of free media coverage during the election campaign, more than twice the amount earned by Clinton, a lifelong politician who served as secretary of state, senator, and first lady at different times in her career.     mediaQuant adds up all the unpaid coverage the candidates earn in newspapers, magazines and social media and then compares the sum to what a comparable amount of coverage, with the same kind of reach, would have cost in advertising.      Trump has also frequently dominated news cycles with provocative rhetoric that breaks taboos, including unabashed insults targeting women he dislikes over Twitter, or unusual policy proscriptions like his call to temporarily ban Muslims from entering the country to prevent domestic attacks, or to force Mexico to pay for a multi-billion dollar border wall to keep out immigrants.     Trump made his self-funding a selling point early in his campaign as he fended off 16 Republican rivals for the party nomination, arguing that by eschewing big donors he was not beholden to special interests.      But once he secured the nomination, Trump changed course and began fundraising in earnest, replicating the small dollar fundraising juggernaut of another insurgent candidate, Democrat Bernie Sanders, along the way.         Clinton raised at least $521 million, according to filings.          The former secretary of state stuck to the more traditional campaigning model of launching expensive television ads and funding hundreds of staffers who fanned across the country to work to increase voter turnout on Election Day.      She spent more than $237 million on television ads and more than $42 million on hundreds of staffers.     She also benefited from spending by the Super PACs supporting her candidacy, which are allowed to raise and spend unlimited amounts of money but cannot coordinate directly with the campaign. More than a dozen people, including hedge fund magnate Donald Sussman and global financier George Soros, wrote multi-million checks to Priorities USA, the primary PAC supporting her campaign, according to filings.     Michael Traugott, a political science professor at the University of Michigan, said the traditional U.S. model for picking presidents might seem odd to people in other nations, where campaigns are shorter and require less cash.     “The system is clearly broken,” Traugott said. ",1
7423,U.N. chief hopes Trump will strengthen international cooperation,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said on Wednesday he hopes the administration of Donald Trump will “strengthen the bonds of international cooperation” and described Hillary Clinton as “a powerful symbol of women’s empowerment.”  “In the aftermath of a hard-fought and often divisive campaign, it is worth recalling and reaffirming that the unity in diversity of the United States is one of the country’s greatest strengths. I encourage all Americans to stay true to that spirit,” Ban said after Trump’s presidential election victory.  “People everywhere look to the United States to use its remarkable power to help lift humanity up and to work for the common good,” Ban told reporters. ",1
7424,Rhetoric or reality? Arabs struggle to decode Trump's Mideast rhetoric,"DUBAI (Reuters) - The future leader of the Middle East’s top foreign ally is, in the words of a Saudi prince, an anti-Muslim “disgrace”, openly disdainful of Arab security partnerships, who believes Saudi Arabia would cease to exist for long without the United States. Donald Trump’s presidential election victory means he is the man Washington’s Arab allies must deal with after his January inauguration, as they seek U.S. help to end wars from Syria to Mosul, manage humanitarian crises and provide jobs for their populations at a time of low oil prices. Trump’s campaign tirades against Muslim migrants - the target of Prince Alwaleed bin Talal’s comments on Twitter - and against Arab allies who don’t “pay” for U.S. support suggest the relationship could be delicate. How far Trump the president will differ from Trump the polarizing election candidate is not clear. Brief, congratulatory messages flowed quickly from Arab allies, including one from Saudi King Salman bin Abdulaziz, who wished Trump success in “achieving security and stability in the Middle East and the wider world”. But underneath the protocol, for many Arab rulers and royals Trump’s victory is a source of anxiety. They now face a new America led by Trump who, they fear, could upend a regional order that has prevailed for decades. Some ordinary Arabs like Trump’s no-nonsense style, and praise what they see as his capacity for tough leadership. “A strong leader ... that is what is needed here in the Middle East and all across the world,” said Ali al-Muhannadi, 57, a Qatari owner of an electrical company, filling his car up at a petrol station in Doha on Wednesday. Muhannadi saw Trump as a useful ally in confronting the jihadist threat, saying he is “very frank and not like a politician. Islamist radicals are bad for the West and for us too”. But privately there are concerns about a lack of clarity in Trump’s policies for the world’s most combustible region as it struggles to break free from war while trying to safeguard the free flow of its oil exports. In particular there are worries that Trump’s hostile rhetoric towards Muslim migrants will play into the hands of Islamic State and al Qaeda, which are eager to recruit disaffected young Arabs to wage war on the regional governments they despise as stooges of Washington. Gulf Arab leaders want a U.S. president who understands their concerns after eight years of what they regard as diffidence under President Barack Obama, someone who did not provide the kind of personal contact they value. In particular they want help to push back against Iran, their main rival. But they fear Trump’s public praise for Vladimir Putin will encourage Russia to expand its support for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, an ally of Iran and an enemy of most Gulf Arab states. Apart from a commitment to Israel’s security, a constant in U.S. foreign policy, and an isolationist tone to his comments, much in Trump’s statements about the region remains vague and poorly thought out, diplomats and analysts say. Opinion is divided about whether Trump’s remarks on the campaign trail will be enacted when in office. Among these is his comment that he would consider halting U.S. purchases of Saudi oil unless Riyadh provides troops to fight Islamic State. Faisal Al Yafai, a commentator at The National newspaper, said many people thought Trump had used his extravagant comments to win votes and once in office he would mellow. “I am unconvinced. I think he actually believes his rhetoric. It’s quite worrying that he doesn’t seem to understand how global politics works,” he said. “For example you don’t go around saying ‘if our allies were threatened we wouldn’t intervene, why can’t they build their own nuclear weapons?’”  “That sort of stuff doesn’t help confidence. That collapse of confidence between the U.S. and its allies has a knock-on impact on the economies and in the decisions those countries take on a political level.” Yafai, whose newspaper is based in the United Arab Emirates, noted Iraqis were putting their lives on the line to regain  Mosul, Islamic State’s main stronghold in the country. “That is not just a war for the region, it is a war for the world,” he said. Others are more sanguine. A senior Turkish official predicted continued strong relations with the United States and argued that “comments in an election period always have a harder and more hawkish tone than is necessary. But they remain peculiar to the election period.” Prince Sultan bin Khaled al Faisal, a former Saudi special forces officer and now senior fellow at the King Faisal Center for Research and Islamic Studies in Riyadh, said that in U.S. elections “what they say and what they do are two totally different things”.  “Foreign policy is not made by one man,” he said. “But it’s difficult to pinpoint what his policy actually is.” Trump’s remarks have been combative, and eye-catching. He has said the United States should be reimbursed by the countries it provides protection for. Without America, “Saudi Arabia wouldn’t exist for very long,” Trump told the New York Times in March. Trump’s win drew a cautious welcome in Syria, which has entered its fifth year of war between rebels and Assad’s forces. In Damascus, Syrian member of parliament Sherif Shehada said U.S. policy could shift Assad’s way. “We must be optimistic, but cautiously optimistic,” Shehada told Reuters by telephone. Trump’s statements on Syria, and his more open-minded stance towards Assad’s ally Russia, have fueled rebel concern about the policy he may adopt on the conflict, in which the Russian air force has been bombing insurgents.  But beyond all that, many officials and observers see another ominous consequence. Trump’s win has not only delighted Western right-wingers but also jihadists who told supporters the election had revealed the true position of the United States towards Muslims. “The masks have slipped,” one supporter said on Islamic State websites. “(Trump’s) moronic declarations alone serve us even if his decisions will be under the supervision of the Senate...,” wrote another. ",1
7425,Putin says will try to repair ties with U.S.A. under Trump,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia is ready to do its part to fully restore ties with Washington following the election of businessman Donald Trump as the next U.S. President, Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Wednesday. Trump stunned the world by defeating heavily favored rival Hillary Clinton in Tuesday’s presidential election, ending eight years of Democratic rule and sending the United States on a new, uncertain path. Among those uncertainties will be the Trump administration’s future relations with Russia. Ties between Washington and Moscow have become increasingly strained over the conflicts in Ukraine and Syria, and allegations of Russian cyber attacks featured in the U.S. election campaign. “We heard the campaign statements of the future U.S. presidential candidate about the restoration of relations between Russia and the United States,” Putin said on Wednesday at a ceremony to receive credentials from new foreign ambassadors. “It is not an easy path, but we are ready to do our part and do everything to return Russian and American relations to a stable path of development,” he added. “This would be good for both the Russian and American people and have a positive impact on the climate of world affairs.” Trump is widely viewed as friendly to the Kremlin and Putin has said previously his future counterpart is a talented and colorful character. The Kremlin said earlier on Wednesday Russia hoped coordination with the United States over the war in Syria, where the two countries back opposing sides, would improve under the new U.S. president. ",1
7426,Backs against the wall: Trump victory casts pall over Mexico,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexico was pitched into deep uncertainty by Donald Trump’s U.S. election victory on Tuesday after a bitterly divisive campaign, raising the prospect of major clashes over trade, immigration and security. The peso currency suffered its biggest fall in 22 years on fears Trump will stick to a campaign pledge to rewrite or dump a free trade treaty he says is loaded in Mexico’s favor. Investors worry a trade fight could tip Mexico’s economy into recession. The Republican candidate has threatened to deport millions of undocumented Mexican migrants, many of whom he described as rapists and drug runners, and to keep others out by building a massive border wall he says Mexico will pay for. Watching in homes and bars around the country as the New York real estate tycoon extended his lead over Democrat Hillary Clinton in one U.S. state after another, many Mexicans were gripped by disbelief and fear. “We have to start saving for that wall,” said Rafael Garnica, a 29-year-old Mexico City technology entrepreneur. “It’s not just Trump that frightens me, it’s that he represents a huge amount of people in the United States.” On Twitter, some Mexicans urged their government to seek dialogue with Trump, while others said they feared a rupture of ties with the United States. “Trump’s victory is the antithesis of the fall of the Berlin Wall,” tweeted Fernando Belaunzaran, a politician for the center-left Party of the Democratic Revolution.  Trump’s victory coincided with the anniversary of the 1989 fall of the Berlin Wall. Trump has proposed blocking billions of dollars in remittances sent home by Mexicans working in the United States to make Mexico pay for his border wall. Pena Nieto, who likened Trump’s rhetoric to that of Adolf Hitler and Benito Mussolini, has dismissed the idea out of hand and his foreign minister reiterated on Wednesday the country had no intention of paying. On the campaign trail, Trump relentlessly attacked the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) between Mexico, Canada and the United States as the “worst deal ever”, vowing to scrap it if he cannot renegotiate it. NAFTA has been a cornerstone of Mexican economic policy since it took effect in 1994. Finance Minister Jose Antonio Meade said in a news conference on Wednesday that uncertainty and volatility had increased since Trump’s win, but that there was no immediate impact on trade rules between the two countries. Some business leaders say the U.S and Mexican economies are now so closely integrated it is impossible to take steps against one without damaging the other. “We will be facing months of volatility and uncertainty while the new government in Washington takes office and we see whether Mr. Trump is able to make good on his unfortunate campaign promises and rhetoric,” said Andres Rozental, a former Mexican deputy foreign minister. Mexican officials hope to diversify export markets to try to reduce the country’s dependence on U.S. consumers, and Pena Nieto has said he would work with the winner of the election. He was pilloried at home for inviting Trump to Mexico in late August in an effort to create some leverage for his government in case the businessman won. Trump softened his tone on the brief stopover he made to meet Pena Nieto, telling a news conference it was important to keep manufacturing in North America and describing Mexican-Americans as “spectacular, hard-working people.” But within hours of his departure, he and Pena Nieto got into a Twitter feud over who would pay for the wall. After Trump’s victory, Pena Nieto said on Twitter he was ready to work with him, calling the neighboring countries friends who “should continue to work together for the competitiveness and development of North America”. Under NAFTA, four out of every five dollars made by Mexican exporters has come from the United States, and bilateral trade is now worth about half a trillion dollars annually. Trump has threatened to levy tariffs of up to 35 percent on Mexican-made goods, sparking fears of a massive hit to trade, especially in Mexico’s northern border regions. The U.S. president has the power to rescind NAFTA but policymakers on both sides of the border consulted by Reuters said Trump would come under heavy pressure from Congress and business leaders not to wreck trade. Some Mexicans whose livelihoods are linked to the trade ties between the two countries also expressed hope that Trump’s bark would be worse than his bite. “We’ll have to see, because there’s no certainty that he’s going to do everything that his campaign has been saying,” said Jonathan Bolaños, night receptionist at the Hotel Fiesta Inn, based in an industrial park in the border city of Nogales. “It’s true he was very aggressive, very tough, but sometimes people have to act that way to reach positions requiring charisma.” Still, Mexican officials say Trump’s hard line on trade blurs with his radical stance on immigration. “Trump’s wall isn’t just a message to Mexico about migrants. It’s about imports too,” said a senior Mexican government security official, speaking on condition of anonymity. Friction over trade could put bilateral cooperation over security, the fight against drug trafficking and curbing illegal migration under strain, which U.S. and Mexican officials say has improved steadily under Pena Nieto and President Barack Obama. Mexico’s ambassador to Washington, Carlos Sada, said at an event in Los Angeles last month that Trump had dealt a blow to the United States’ image south of the border and stirred up historic resentment. Alongside him, the U.S. ambassador to Mexico, Roberta Jacobson, joked about how Trump’s campaign had also made life difficult for U.S. diplomats south of the border. “I thought about just hiding until November 9th,” she said.    “The overwhelming, universal reaction to the Trump visit itself, and even to a lot in the election campaign, has been ‘What the ... fff ... you know?’” “But the more concerning response, the much deeper response has been: ‘We’re afraid it won’t go back to normal after this.’” ",1
7427,Mexico says paying for Trump wall 'not part of our vision',"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexico’s foreign minister said on Wednesday the country’s government would not pay for a wall along the U.S. border promised by president-elect Donald Trump. “Paying for a wall is not part of our vision,” foreign minister Claudia Ruiz Massieu told local television. As part of his campaign, Trump vowed that he would build a massive border wall and make Mexico pay for it. Ruiz Massieu said that the government had maintained communication with Trump’s campaign team ever since his visit to Mexico in August. “There has been a fluid, daily communication with different members of the campaign,” she said. ",1
7428,"Czech president very happy with Trump win, says shares his views","PRAGUE (Reuters) - Czech President Milos Zeman declared on Wednesday he was “very happy” with Donald Trump’s election victory, saying he cut through political correctness and addressed key issues like migration. Zeman, who is head of the NATO and European Union member state but does not steer day-to-day policies, endorsed Trump in September. “I would like to cordially congratulate Donald Trump. I had, as one of few European politicians, declared public support for this candidate... because I agree with his opinions on migration as well as the fight against Islamic terrorism,” Zeman told reporters in a rare press briefing at the Prague Castle. Zeman’s reaction chimed with Hungarian leader Viktor Orban but contrasted with shock in many European capitals. Unlike the current Czech center-left administration, Zeman shares Trump’s warm relations toward Russian leader Vladimir Putin and opposition to liberal and academic elites. “I appreciate Donald Trump’s public demeanor, he speaks clearly, sometimes roughly, but understandably, and avoids what is sometimes called political correctness,” Zeman said. He said the election showed American voters’ resistance to manipulation by the media, another frequent target of both Trump and Zeman. The Czech president said he had sent congratulations to Trump and invited him to visit the Czech Republic, the birthplace of Trump’s ex-wife Ivana. Earlier on Wednesday, Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka said Trump had won on “aggressive populism” but added he believed the United States would remain a reliable partner and ally. ",1
7429,U.S. voters deliver mixed results on gun control measures,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Voters rendered a split decision on gun control measures in the election, approving universal background checks for private firearms sales in Nevada while narrowly rejecting them in Maine. Gun safety advocates had poured millions of dollars into backing the initiatives in an effort to combat the political might of the gun lobby’s National Rifle Association. The measure was defeated in Maine by 51.0 percent of votes to 48.9 percent, or about 12,700 ballots, the Bangor Daily News reported. Nevada voters approved a similar proposal by 50.5 percent to 49.6 percent, state election officials said. Both ballot initiatives were backed by Everytown for Gun Safety, the gun control group founded by billionaire former Mayor Michael Bloomberg, and polls had suggested the measures would pass.  The votes were seen as a crucial test of the gun safety campaign’s decision to adopt a state-by-state strategy after efforts to pass legislation failed in Congress. Gun control supporters won victories in two other states. Washington state voters easily approved a measure giving judges the power to keep dangerous individuals, such as accused domestic abusers, from possessing guns. In California, residents backed a referendum that bans large-capacity ammunition magazines and requires some people to undergo background checks in order to buy ammunition. The U.S. Constitution’s Second Amendment protects the right to bear arms, and gun rights advocates fiercely contest any attempt to restrict it. Opponents had said the background check laws were not clear and would do nothing to stop criminals. “We know today that the place where criminals are getting guns, the black market, they aren’t subjecting themselves to background checks,” said Ryan Hamilton, a spokesman for the National Rifle Association-backed opposition in Nevada, before Election Day. “It doesn’t target criminal behavior, it targets law-abiding behavior.” Proponents, however, said background checks would save lives. Jennifer Crowe, a spokeswoman for the pro-initiative campaign in Nevada, previously told Reuters nearly one in 11 people in that state who purchased guns online would have failed a background check. Everytown for Gun Safety, the gun control group founded by billionaire former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg, spent tens of millions of dollars in Washington state, Nevada and Maine, while the National Rifle Association focused much of its spending on supporting Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump. ",1
7430,Ukraine says hopes for continued support against Russia from U.S. under Trump,"KIEV (Reuters) - Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko said he hoped the United States would continue to support Ukraine in its stand-off with Russia following the victory of Donald Trump in the U.S. presidential election. “The President looks forward to a continuation of U.S support in two important areas: Ukraine’s fight against Russian aggression ... and also assistance in the realization of major reforms,” Poroshenko was quoted as saying in a statement on Wednesday.  ",1
7431,"Canada PM congratulates Trump, wants to work on trade, security","OTTAWA (Reuters) - Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau on Wednesday congratulated Donald Trump on winning the U.S. presidency and stressed the close friendship and ties between the two nations. Trudeau said in a statement that he looked forward to working very closely with Trump and his administration on trade, investment, international peace and security. ",1
7432,"From Jakarta to Lagos, many Muslims voice dismay at Trump win","JAKARTA/ISLAMABAD/CAIRO (Reuters) - Many Muslims around the world expressed dismay on Wednesday at Donald Trump’s election as U.S. president, saying they feared it might raise tensions between the West and Islam and contribute to radicalization. While Egypt’s president made an early congratulatory call to Trump, ordinary Muslims were worried that his victory would be a propaganda gift to jihadist groups. Others were apprehensive that the president-elect will implement campaign pledges to clamp down on Muslims entering the United States. “Trump has espoused highly inflammatory rhetoric against Muslims. Voters there will expect him to fulfill his promises. That makes me worry about the impact on Muslims in the U.S. and in the rest of the world,” said Yenny Wahid, a prominent mainstream Muslim figure in Indonesia.      The world’s 1.6 billion Muslims follow a multitude of sects and schools of thought, constitute a majority of the population in countries as varied as Indonesia, Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, Senegal and Albania, and hold a vast array of political views. Yet Trump’s previous comments about Muslims, that those from abroad should be barred entry or intensely scrutinized beforehand, and the presence of vocal anti-Islam activists among his supporters, has alarmed many. During a bitter election campaign, Trump also attacked his opponents for what he characterized as their denial about the threat posed by militant Islam, which he said was “coming to our shores”, adding that he would quickly form a commission on it. Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi was the first world leader to congratulate Trump on the phone, Sisi’s office said. Many other Egyptians also welcomed his victory, saying his opponent Hillary Clinton’s record in office had won her few friends in the most populous Arab country. Clinton, Secretary of State during the 2011 Arab Spring uprisings, is unpopular with many Egyptians. Many of those who backed the revolt saw her as a long-standing supporter of Hosni Mubarak, the autocrat they toppled from power. But elsewhere, other Muslims saw Trump as a hostile figure. “Whatever happens to America affects everybody and with all these promises of doom by Trump to the blacks, to the Muslims, the minority, so it’s not something we’re happy about,” said Ganiu Olukanga, a Muslim resident of the Nigerian capital Lagos.              Some Muslims, including Wahid, said they feared his election as president might encourage a view that the United States held enmity for Muslims and that this would hinder efforts in Islam to counter radicalization.  “Trump’s victory will be an enormous gift to a failing jihadist movement, that will have now have a renewed rallying cry,” said Ammar Rashid, an academic and member of Pakistan’s Awami Workers Party on Twitter.  “If jihadi ideology has a source of sustenance, it is the image of the US as the evil anti-Muslim crusader. They will milk Trump’s win dry,” he added.  In jihadist social media forums, militants said Trump’s election had merely revealed the true position of the United States toward Muslims. “The masks have slipped,” one wrote.  But some other Muslims were more hopeful, including Umer Daudzai, former Afghan minister of interior, citing the record of Ronald Reagan who was U.S. president from 1981-89. “Ronald Reagan ended the Cold War. I hope Donald Trump will end all wars and become hero of peace in the world,” he told Reuters.  Among some officials, there were also expressions of concern but the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation (OIC), the body that represents Muslim states, issued no statement early on Wednesday.  In Indonesia, the most populous Muslim nation, an official from the faith’s top clerical body there said Trump’s election could create new tension between the United States and the Islamic world.      Trump had made “negative, cynical” comments about Muslims in the past, Din Syamsuddin, a senior official at the Indonesian Ulema Council (MUI), told reporters in Jakarta. “He had forgotten that many Americans are immigrants.”     Saudi Arabia, a U.S. ally that is both birthplace of Islam and home to its holiest places, issued a statement that it had congratulated Trump on his election win without making further comment.  However, Awad al-Qirni, one of its most popular clerics with a Twitter following of two million, said in a social media post after the election - but without referring to Trump directly - that “America declines into collapse” and that “its internal crisis will grow severely”.  In Pakistan, Sherry Rehman, a senator and former ambassador to Washington, said Trump’s proposal last year to bar Muslims from entering the U.S. had disturbed many.  “Pakistan obviously cannot rule out engaging with whomever America elects but his anti-Muslim rhetoric may cast a shadow on relations in times of uncertainty,” he told Reuters on Wednesday.  And in Bangladesh, a government official who asked not to be named said: “I can’t think what awaits us. Donald Trump was talking about fighting against Muslims. Are we going to see more wars?” Among private citizens in Dhaka, some said they hoped the pressure of office would temper Trump’s views.  “It is just unbelievable and I am a bit tense. I hope there will be a difference between Donald Trump and President Donald Trump. President Trump will be more mature than individual Trump,” Asif Iqbal, a private sector employee, said.  ",1
7433,California voters embrace recreational marijuana,"SACRAMENTO, Calif./LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - A ballot measure to make recreational marijuana legal for adults was approved in California, opening the most populous U.S. state to a burgeoning commercial cannabis market in a major victory for supporters of liberalized drug laws. Proposition 64 passed easily as statewide returns from the election showed nearly 56 percent of voters favoring the measure and 44 percent opposed, according to results on Wednesday morning reported from more than 90 percent of precincts. California was by far the largest of five states with ballot measures seeking to legalize the use of marijuana for the sheer pleasure of its intoxicating effects, and approval there extends legalization to the entire U.S. Pacific Coast. Recreational marijuana was first approved in 2012 by Washington state and Colorado, and later by voters in Oregon, Alaska and the District of Columbia. Victory also was declared on Tuesday by supporters of a similar measure in Massachusetts, giving legalized recreational pot its first toehold in New England.  Nevada voters also backed legalization for recreational purposes, but neighboring Arizona rejected a similar proposal. In the fifth state, Maine, the result was too close to call on Wednesday morning. The Marijuana Policy Project, the nation’s leading organization supporting liberalization of cannabis laws, likewise projected passage of measures permitting medical use of marijuana in Florida, Arkansas, North Dakota and Montana. Before Tuesday, 25 states had already legalized cannabis in some way, whether for medical or recreational uses, or both. [here] Approval in California alone, home to 39 million people, means that almost a fifth of all Americans live in states where recreational marijuana is legal, according to U.S. Census figures.  California was the first U.S. state to legalize medical marijuana, doing so in 1996.  The new measure, spearheaded by a coalition of supporters that included Democratic Lieutenant Governor Gavin Newsom and billionaire high-tech entrepreneur Sean Parker, allows adults to possess and use up to an ounce of pot for private, recreational use. It also permits personal cultivation of as many as six cannabis plants.  Moreover, it would establish a system to license, regulate and tax sales of marijuana, while allowing city governments to exercise local control over commercial distribution within their borders. California voters defeated a similar initiative in 2010, but public opinion polls show attitudes have since shifted. Opponents of liberalized marijuana laws have argued that such measures carry major public safety risks and would make pot more accessible to youngsters. Experts say the latest initiatives include more sophisticated regulatory mechanisms aimed at keeping cannabis away from children and banning the involvement of criminal gangs and drug cartels. They also point to the potential for hundreds of millions in additional state tax revenue from pot sales and billions in economic activity.  Investors new to the sector said they are eager for a piece of a recreational marijuana market that by some estimates will reach $50 billion over the next decade. “It’s changed in the minds of these voters from being like cocaine to being like beer,” said University of Southern California political scientist John Matsusaka. Civil rights groups have also embraced legalization, arguing that current marijuana laws have led to a disproportionate number of minorities being incarcerated for minor drug offenses. ",1
7434,"Republicans gain governorships, but North Carolina up in the air","WINSTON-SALEM, N.C. (Reuters) - Republicans extended their majority of U.S. governorships on Tuesday as 12 states voted for chief executives, though the high-profile race in North Carolina was too close to call and the outcome may not be known until next week. Democratic Attorney General Roy Cooper declared victory after gaining a razor-thin lead over incumbent Republican Governor Pat McCrory, who has been dogged by the backlash against a law he signed that restricts bathroom rights for transgender people and limits non-discrimination protections for gays and lesbians.  But McCrory told supporters early on Wednesday that the process of tallying an unknown number of provisional ballots could take until Nov. 18. “The election is not over in North Carolina,” McCrory said. About 4,400 votes separated the candidates with all precincts reporting, according to unofficial election results from the state. The state extended voting times in eight Durham County precincts after problems with electronic voting rolls there earlier in the day. The county then uploaded about 90,000 early voting results late Tuesday, prompting concerns among Republicans as Cooper overtook McCrory in the ballot count. Elsewhere in the country, Republicans picked up seats in Missouri and Vermont in races that had been considered toss-ups. A winner had not been declared as of early Wednesday in the competitive race in New Hampshire. The outcomes of votes across the country were not expected, however, to dramatically alter the 31-18 advantage Republicans had over Democrats in the states’ executive offices going into Election Day. Alaska has an independent governor.  Republican Lieutenant Governor Phil Scott clinched his victory in Vermont over Democrat Sue Minter, a former state transportation secretary, despite the state voting overwhelmingly for Democrat Hillary Clinton in the presidential race.  In West Virginia, where Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump won by a landslide, billionaire businessman Jim Justice held on to the governor’s seat for Democrats by beating Republican state Senate President Bill Cole. Republicans successfully defended the governorship in Indiana for a fourth straight term. Lieutenant Governor Eric Holcomb, who had trailed slightly in polls, won the race left open after Trump tapped Governor Mike Pence as his vice presidential running mate. Pence offered his congratulations to Holcomb on Twitter, saying the governor-elect was “the leader who will keep our state moving forward.” Republicans also celebrated in Kentucky, where they gained a majority in the state House of Representatives, the last Democratic-held chamber in the South. The takeover ended 95 years of a Democratic majority in that chamber. ",1
7435,Republicans make gains in U.S. governors' races,"(Reuters) - Republicans in Missouri, Vermont and New Hampshire won competitive governor’s races on Tuesday, though most of the 12 contests left power in the hands of the incumbent party. Here are the results. In one of the year’s closest gubernatorial races, Republican former Navy SEAL Eric Greitens edged Democrat Chris Koster, the state’s attorney general. Greitens will succeed Governor Jay Nixon, a Democrat who has served the maximum two terms in office. Vermont elected a Republican, Lieutenant Governor Phil Scott, over Democrat Sue Minter, a former state transportation secretary. Scott succeeds retiring Governor Peter Shumlin, a Democrat. Democratic Governor Kate Brown held off a challenge by Republican Bud Pierce, an oncologist. Brown was sworn in last year after her predecessor, John Kitzhaber, resigned in scandal. The election is for the final two years of Kitzhaber’s term. Republican Eric Holcomb, the state’s lieutenant governor, beat Democrat John Gregg, a former state lawmaker. Holcomb entered the race after current Governor Mike Pence opted not to seek re-election in July when Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump chose him as his vice presidential running mate. Democratic businessman Jim Justice defeated Republican state Senate President Bill Cole. Democratic Governor Earl Ray Tomblin was barred by term limits from running again.  Incumbent Governor Gary Herbert, a Republican, won his re-election race against Democrat Mike Weinholtz, a healthcare executive. Herbert, who took office in 2009 after his predecessor, Jon Huntsman, resigned, won a second full term.  Republican Doug Burgum, a former Microsoft Corp executive, defeated Democratic State Representative Marvin Nelson in the solidly Republican state. Governor Jack Dalrymple, a Republican who was eligible to run for re-election in 2016, declined to seek another term. Democrat John Carney, a member of the U.S. House of Representatives, beat Republican Colin Bonini, a state senator. Democratic Governor Jack Markell was prohibited by term limits from running for re-election to the position he has held since 2009. Drawing national attention because of a debate over transgender rights, Republican Governor Pat McCrory is seeking a second term against Roy Cooper, a Democrat who has been the state’s attorney general since 2001. Cooper held a razor-thin lead as of Wednesday morning. McCrory told supporters tallying an unknown number of provisional ballots could take until Nov. 18. Democratic Governor Steve Bullock is battling Republican tech entrepreneur Greg Gianforte to keep his seat. The race remained too close to call on Wednesday morning. Republican Chris Sununu defeated Democrat Colin Van Ostern to become the state’s next governor. Both candidates had been seeking to succeed Democratic Governor Maggie Hassan, who is running for the U.S. Senate. Democratic Governor Jay Inslee defeated a challenge from Republican Bill Bryant, a businessman and former commissioner of the Port of Seattle. ",1
7436,Netanyahu sees U.S.-Israel ties 'reaching new heights' after Trump victory,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu expressed confidence on Wednesday that he and newly elected U.S. President Donald Trump can work together to bring U.S.-Israeli relations to “new heights”. In a statement congratulating the Republican candidate, Netanyahu said: “President-elect Trump is a true friend of the State of Israel, and I look forward to working with him to advance security, stability and peace in our region.” “I am confident that President-elect Trump and I will continue to strengthen the unique alliance between our two countries and bring it to ever greater heights,” said the right-wing leader, who has had a rocky relationship with outgoing Democratic President Barack Obama. ",1
7437,Dutch rightist Wilders expects Trump boost for Europe's populists,"THE HAGUE (Reuters) - Dutch far-right politician Geert Wilders said Donald Trump’s victory in the U.S. presidential election was a sign that the West was living through a “patriotic spring” that would boost support for populist parties in Europe like his own. Wilders, whose anti-immigration, anti-Muslim Freedom Party tops polls ahead of next year’s parliamentary elections, said mainstream politicians had lost the trust of voters in the West by ignoring the issues they cared most about. “Trump winning proved to me that people are fed up with politically correct politicians who are concerned and involved with issues that regard themselves but not those that are important to the public,” he said. ",1
7438,"China's Xi tells Trump two countries must promote non-conflict, cooperation","BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese President Xi Jinping congratulated Donald Trump on winning the U.S. presidency, state TV reported on Wednesday, telling him the two biggest economies in the world shared responsibility for promoting global development and prosperity. “I place great importance on the China-U.S. relationship, and look forward to working with you to uphold the principles of non-conflict, non-confrontation, mutual respect and win-win cooperation,” Xi told Trump in a message. State TV did not specify how the message was delivered. The stable and healthy long-term development of Sino-U.S. relations was in the fundamental interest of the Chinese and American peoples, he said. Trump, a real estate developer and reality TV host, stunned the world on Tuesday by defeating heavily favored rival Hillary Clinton, sending stocks and the U.S. dollar tumbling. On the campaign trail, Trump vowed to take on China and tax Chinese imports to stop currency devaluation. (This version of the story was corrected to change telephone call to message) ",1
7439,Trump election puts Iran nuclear deal on shaky ground,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Donald Trump’s election as president raises the prospect the United States will pull out of the nuclear pact it signed last year with Iran, alienating Washington from its allies and potentially freeing Iran to act on its ambitions. Outgoing President Barack Obama’s administration touted the deal, a legacy foreign policy achievement, as a way to suspend Tehran’s suspected drive to develop atomic weapons. In return Obama, a Democrat, agreed to a lifting of most sanctions. The deal, harshly opposed by Republicans in Congress, was reached as a political commitment rather than a treaty ratified by lawmakers, making it vulnerable to a new U.S. president, such as Trump, who might disagree with its terms. A Republican, Trump ran for the White House opposing the deal but contradictory statements made it unclear how he would act. In an upset over Democrat Hillary Clinton, Trump won on Tuesday and will succeed Obama on Jan. 20. A businessman-turned-politician who has never held public office, Trump called the nuclear pact a “disaster” and “the worst deal ever negotiated” during his campaign and said it could lead to a “nuclear holocaust.”  In a speech to the pro-Israel lobby group AIPAC in March, Trump declared that his “Number-One priority” would be to “dismantle the disastrous deal with Iran.”   He said he would have negotiated a better deal, with longer restrictions, but somewhat paradoxically, he criticized remaining U.S. sanctions that prevent American companies from dealing with Iran. By contrast, he has conceded it would be hard to destroy a deal enshrined in a United Nations resolution. In August 2015, he said he would not “rip up” the nuclear deal, but that he would “police that contract so tough they don’t have a chance.” Iran denies ever having considered developing atomic weapons. But experts said any U.S. violation of the deal would allow Iran also to pull back from its commitments to curb nuclear development.  Those commitments include reducing the number of its centrifuges by two-thirds, capping its level of uranium enrichment well below the level needed for bomb-grade material, reducing its enriched uranium stockpile from around 10,000 kg to 300 kg for 15 years, and submitting to international inspections to verify its compliance. “Say goodbye to the Iran deal,” said Richard Nephew, a former U.S. negotiator with Iran now at Columbia University. “There is very little likelihood that it stays, either because of a deliberate decision to tear it up by Trump, or steps that the U.S. takes which prompt an Iranian walk back.” The spokesman of the Atomic Energy Organization of Iran, Behrouz Kamalvandi, was quoted as saying by Tasnim news agency: “Iran is prepared for any change,” adding that Iran would try to stand by the deal. The nuclear deal was divisive in Iran, with hardliners opposed to better relations with the West arguing that pragmatist President Hassan Rouhani was giving up too much of the country’s nuclear infrastructure for too little relief. Rouhani said on Wednesday the U.S. election results would have no effect on Tehran’s policies, state news agency IRNA quoted him as saying. [nL8N1DA46H] Some of Washington’s closest Middle East allies have been skeptical of the nuclear deal. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has been outright hostile. Gulf leaders say the deal has emboldened Iran’s pursuit of regional hegemony in part through support for proxy groups fueling regional conflicts. Iranian Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei, whose power supersedes that of Rouhani, regularly criticizes the United States and says it should not be trusted, but ultimately assented to the terms of the deal, known by its acronym JCPOA. “The big winner in the aftermath of a Trump victory is Iran’s Supreme Leader,” said Suzanne Maloney, a foreign policy expert at the Brookings Institution. “He will have the most cartoonish American enemy, he will exult in the (hopefully brief) crash of the American economy, and he will be able to walk away from Iran’s obligations under the JCPOA while pinning the responsibility on Washington.” Further complicating any Trump effort to renegotiate the deal is that it is a multilateral agreement involving U.S. allies in Europe as well as fellow world powers Russia and China. European and Asian firms have been returning to Iran and making major investments there, meaning the United States would likely be alone in pulling out of the deal, possibly isolating it from its partners. On Wednesday, the head of gas, renewables and power for French oil and gas company Total TOTF.PA in Iran said Trump’s election would have no impact on investments [nP6N1CW004]. Khamenei has already promised to “set fire” to the nuclear deal if the West violates it. Iran has repeatedly complained it has not received benefits promised. Though European companies have been eager to explore business prospects in Iran, few deals have been enacted in part because European banks have been reluctant to finance deals involving Iran. “As to whether he can negotiate a ‘better’ deal, it takes two (or seven) sides to agree to begin that process, something I rate as highly unlikely,” said Zachary Goldman, executive director of the Center on Law and Security at New York University and a former U.S. Treasury official. “And if we walk away from the deal I think we will be in the worst of all worlds - Iran will feel freed from its commitments and we may be blamed for the deal falling apart.” ",1
7440,Danish PM says world needs U.S. 'not to close in on itself',"COPENHAGEN (Reuters) - Danish Prime Minister Lars Lokke Rasmussen joined other European leaders in congratulating Donald Trump on winning the U.S. presidential election but said the world now needs the United States “not to close in on itself”. “I have during the election campaign expressed concerns over signs that the US is closing in on itself, which is unfortunately also the case in Europe,” Rasmussen told a group of reporters on Wednesday. He said a more protectionist United States could create problems for a small export-reliant country like Denmark, just like Britain leaving the EU could. ",1
7441,"France's Hollande congratulates Trump, warns of period of uncertainty","PARIS (Reuters) - French President Francois Hollande on Wednesday congratulated Donald Trump on his shock victory in the U.S presidential election, but warned the result would open up a period of uncertainty. “I congratulate him as is natural between two democratic heads of state,” said Hollande. “This American election opens a period of uncertainty.” France would be vigilant and frank in its talks with the new administration on international issues, he said, adding that Trump’s victory showed that France needed to be stronger and that Europe needed to be united. A presidential official said Hollande had spoken to German Chancellor Angela Merkel before making his declaration. ",1
7442,"For China, Trump win creates uncertainty, opportunity","BEIJING (Reuters) - Donald Trump’s upset election victory cracks open pressing strategic and economic questions in U.S.-China ties, and has likely surprised and worried Chinese leaders, who prize stability in relations between the two powers. Trump had lambasted China throughout the campaign, drumming up headlines with his pledges to slap 45 percent tariffs on imported Chinese goods and label the country a currency manipulator his first day in office. He has also questioned U.S. security commitments to allies and undercut long-held bipartisan U.S. foreign policy norms, such as suggesting that Japan develop nuclear weapons, all stances that if he follows through on could upset the regional security balance in Asia. That unpredictability is not an ideal election outcome for China’s stability-obsessed Communist Party, especially as it seeks smooth U.S. relations at a time of daunting reform challenges at home, a slowing economy, and a leadership reshuffle of its own that will put a new party elite around President Xi Jinping in late 2017. Beijing tends to prefer incumbent party successors with consistent policy lines. Trump’s lack of a governance track record and his unorthodox take on long-held Republican priorities could prove a headache for Chinese officials. Jia Qingguo, the dean of the School of International Relations at China’s elite Peking University and a government advisor, called Trump “a symbol of uncertainty”. “China hopes the United States’ future policy would be more certain because in this way, we can prepare and deal with it,” Jia said. “DOUBLE-EDGED SWORD” Certainly, a Trump White House presents China with a range of new opportunities. Decades of Hillary Clinton’s criticism of China’s human rights record and her insistence on U.S. interests in the South China Sea have made her a well-known, and not well-liked figure among Beijing’s ruling elite. Chinese experts say some in Beijing believe Trump will prove a pragmatic businessman, willing to deal with China. “Any type of protectionist policy pursued will be a double-edged sword,” said Ruan Zongze, a former Chinese diplomat now with the China Institute of International Studies, a think-tank affiliated with the Foreign Ministry. “I think he will be very careful about this,” Moreover, Trump’s criticism of U.S. allies, including Japan, for free-riding on U.S. security guarantees, has offered China the tantalizing prospect of an American retrenchment from Asia. “From a long-term perspective, this gives China more space to prove itself and it takes off some of the pressure on China,” said Wang Yiwei, Director of the Institute of International Affairs at China’s Renmin University. But a U.S. pullback in the region would raise other questions for Beijing, such as the uncomfortable prospect of a potential Japanese military expansion. While Trump has vowed to build-up the U.S. military, in particular the Navy, he has said little publicly about his approach to Beijing’s increasingly assertive role in the South China Sea.  “Trump’s  foreign policy approach does seem to be somewhat inchoate and therefore much will depend on who he appoints and who is willing to serve,” said Dean Cheng, a China expert at the Heritage Foundation in Washington. The U.S. and Chinese business community alike has been unsettled at the prospect of a Trump presidency. Gloria Liu, partner at law firm DLA Piper, which specializes in Chinese mergers and acquisitions, said: “The US has been the No. 1 destination for outbound Chinese investments. It’s hard to see Chinese firms making the US their first choice. At a minimum, there will be a period of wait and see.” U.S. business groups have grown more pessimistic about Chinese restrictions on market barriers and state subsidized efforts to replace foreign technology with home-grown products.  But they also worry that Trump’s China tariff pledges will undermine the economic interdependence that helps the two countries weather serious security differences. Executives are holding their breath. “Everybody is going to be asking who is the real Donald Trump and how much of this campaign rhetoric is going to find itself into reality,” said Randal Phillips, who heads Mintz Group’s office in Beijing. A Beijing-based state energy executive involved in overseas investment said the market was “very worried” by Trump’s victory and selling for “risk aversion”. “Trump increases the unpredictability in U.S. policies over regulatory approvals, the likelihood of tighter scrutiny on Chinese investment ... and also over oil and gas exports,” said the executive, who asked not to be named.  James Zimmerman, the head of the American Chamber of Commerce in China and a prominent Clinton backer, said “talking tough is a lot easier than thinking tough and making tough decisions, which is what presidents actually have to do”. “Isolating or penalizing China will not serve America’s interests,” he said in a statement. Chinese President Xi Jinping congratulated Donald Trump on winning the U.S. presidency, state TV reported on Wednesday, telling him the two biggest economies in the world shared responsibility for promoting global development and prosperity. “I place great importance on the China-U.S. relationship, and look forward to working with you to uphold the principles of non-conflict, non-confrontation, mutual respect and win-win cooperation,” Xi told Trump by phone. ",1
7443,Merkel offers to work with Trump on basis of democratic values,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel on Wednesday congratulated U.S. Republican Donald Trump on his election victory and offered to work closely with him on the basis of the values of democracy, freedom, respect for the law and for the dignity of people. “Germany and America are bound together by values - democracy, freedom, respecting the rule of law, people’s dignity regardless of their origin, the color of their skin, religion, gender, sexual orientation or political views,” Merkel said. “On the basis of these values, I am offering to work closely with the future President of the United States Donald Trump,” she added. Merkel said working with the United States remained a key pillar of Germany’s foreign policy. ",1
7444,Trump presidency to create high anxiety among Asian allies,"TOKYO/SEOUL (Reuters) - Republican Donald Trump’s victory in the U.S. presidential election will deepen Asian allies’ anxiety about Washington’s  commitment to post-war security arrangements in the face of a rising China and volatile North Korea, and could bolster calls from conservatives in Tokyo for a more robust defense policy. Trump’s “America First” rhetoric and calls for allies to pay more of the cost for U.S. troops in the region or face their possible withdrawal have worried officials in some Asian capitals. So has his opposition to a 12-nation pan-Pacific trade pact that was a linchpin of Washington’s “pivot” to the region. “We should expect dramatic changes in the security environment,” said South Korea’s ruling Saenuri Party floor leader Chung Jin-suk in parliament on Wednesday. But he added: “In any case, there should not be any wavering in the Korea-U.S. military alliance, which has been the foundation of prosperity of this country.”  A Japanese government official, speaking before Trump clinched the election, urged the new president to send a reassuring message. “The new president-elect should as soon as possible issue a statement reassuring the rest of the world that the strong commitment of the United States to its allies ... remains strong and reliable,” said the official, who declined to be identified. “We are certainly concerned about the comments (Trump) has made to date about the alliance and the U.S. role in the Pacific, particularly Japan,” the Japanese official said, although he added Trump’s policies might not match his rhetoric. Trump has made several comments that disturbed Washington’s Asian allies, from insisting they must foot more of the two-way defense bill to suggesting it might be alright for Tokyo and Seoul develop nuclear arms capability. In an article criticizing U.S. President Barack Obama’s “pivot” to Asia as “talking loudly but carrying a small stick” two Trump advisors said he would beef up the U.S. Navy while asserting it was “only fair” that Seoul and Tokyo pay more for defense.  “There is no question of Trump’s commitment to America’s Asian alliances as bedrocks of stability in the region,” wrote  University of California professor Peter Navarro and Alexander Gray, a former advisor to U.S. politician Randy Forbes, in the article, which appeared in the Nov. 7 edition of Foreign Policy. The article also criticized the Obama administration for failing to halt China’s aggressive maritime activities in the East and South China Seas, where Beijing has territorial rows with several countries in the region. Trump has called for more ships for the U.S. Navy. The “mere initiation of the Trump naval program will reassure our allies that the United States remains committed in the long term to its traditional role as guarantor of the liberal order in Asia”, the authors said.    Trump’s approach to the North Asia security alliances could spark calls in Japan for a more independent security stance, although serious talk of acquiring nuclear weapons is unlikely to emerge in the only nation to suffer atomic bombings.  “I think they will have more legitimacy,” said a Japanese diplomat, referring to those seeking a more robust security stance. “But the Japanese public is reluctant to go in that direction and we don’t have the capacity in terms of budget or (military) personnel.” Asian allies who joined the 12-nation Tran-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal, a linchpin of Obama’s Asia pivot, now fear the pact is dead, given Trump’s harsh opposition. That has implications not only for trade, but security, since Washington and Tokyo had seen the TPP as way of creating a new regional rule-based architecture to counter China. “TPP was not just a trade deal, it was the United States and Japan, together ... these countries with shared values would create an advanced regional order with not just economic, but diplomatic and security implications,” said Toshihiro Nakayama, a professor at Keio University in Tokyo. “It was a symbol of America being committed to the region.” Singapore-based security expert Tim Huxley warned of a period of potentially destabilizing uncertainty ahead as the region waits for clearer strategic signs of precisely what a Trump presidency would mean for Asia. “Unless Trump speaks reassuringly and soothingly about the continued U.S. presence and commitment to the region, I won’t be surprised to see long-held doubts awoken in the minds of many Asian leaders about the durability of the traditional U.S. role,” he said.  Policy-makers expect it will take considerable time for Trump to work out personnel appointments and get down to policy formation. Divisive U.S. politics could also slow things down. That could mean a worrisome vacuum, but also suggests no quick, dramatic changes are in store. “It will take about half a year for Mr. Trump to firm up his foreign policies. He only has a transition team of about 200 people and his first focus will be domestic policy,” said Masashi Adachi, head of the Japanese ruling Liberal Democratic Party’s foreign policy panel. “I don’t think there will be a big change in his stance toward Japan. He has said the Japan-U.S. alliance is important. What he is talking about is details like increasing what Japan pays for U.S. troops in Japan,” Adachi added. ",1
7445,"Vatican wishes Trump well in U.S. presidency, prays for 'enlightenment'","VATICAN CITY (Reuters) - The Catholic Church’s highest-ranking diplomat wished U.S. President-elect Donald Trump well on Wednesday, saying he would pray for the new incumbent to be “enlightened”. “We wish the new president well, that he may have a truly fruitful government,” Vatican Secretary of State Cardinal Pietro Parolin told the papal state’s radio station. “We pledge to pray that God enlightens him and supports him in the service of his country of course, but also in the service of wellbeing and peace in the world. I think today everyone needs to work to change the global situation, which is one of deep laceration and serious conflict.” Earlier this year, Pope Francis suggested Donald Trump was “not Christian” because of his stance on immigration. A papal spokesman later said this was not a personal attack on the Republican party candidate. ",1
7446,Taliban call on Trump to withdraw U.S. troops from Afghanistan,"KABUL (Reuters) - The Afghan Taliban on Wednesday called on U.S. president-elect Donald Trump to withdraw American troops from Afghanistan. “Our message is that the Americans should draft a policy not to take away the independence and sovereignty of other nations.     Most importantly they should withdraw all their troops from Afghanistan,” the Taliban said in a statement in reaction to Trump’s surprise election win. ",1
7447,Germany expects U.S. to stand by long-standing commitment to Europe: defense minister,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany should act as a “bridge-builder” to U.S. President-elect Donald Trump and help clear up unanswered questions about his views on conflicts in Iraq, Syria and U.S. ties to Europe, Defence Minister Ursula von der Leyen said on Wednesday. Von der Leyen, asked whether she feared that the United States under Trump could weaken its support for Europe or Germany in the face of a heightened threat from Russia, told Reuters that she expected Washington to stick to its longstanding commitment to trans-Atlantic ties. “Our expectation is that the American commitment to that friendship will continue unabated,” she said. “My wish is that we find a common basis for understanding because the problems    are big enough and we must tackle them together.” ",1
7448,How Trump crushed naysayers with a coalition of the forgotten,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Donald Trump was right. Countless others were wrong. The pundits and pollsters who said the former reality TV star could not win the U.S. presidency, the Republicans who shunned him, the business leaders who denounced him and the Democrats who dismissed him failed to fully understand the depth of his support.  In a stunning victory over Democrat Hillary Clinton, Trump stuck to a plan that worked to perfection in the Republican primary, a campaign built around his blunt-talking celebrity persona, his command of social media, and his anti-establishment message of change. “Ours was not a campaign, but an incredible and great movement,” Trump said in his victory speech on Wednesday.  It was a movement driven by discontent. The Reuters/Ipsos Election Day poll found that most Americans who came to the polls were clearly angry with the direction of the country. Six out of 10 people said they felt the country is on the wrong track. Some 58 percent said “more and more I don’t identify with what America has become” and 75 percent said “America needs a strong leader to take the country back” from the wealthy. Those who felt the country was on the wrong track were three times as likely to vote for Trump as Clinton.  In a bitter and divisive campaign, Trump cleared a series of obstacles that would doom any other candidate: An audio tape in which he talked of groping women; a refusal to release his tax returns; violence at his rallies; his mockery of a disabled  reporter; and his attacks on the heritage of a federal judge and the Muslim family of a U.S. soldier.  “He was an imperfect candidate with a near-perfect message,” said Ford O’Connell, a Republican strategist who has long backed Trump. “I don’t think a lot of people understood that.” In a year when voters in the United States and abroad showed their antipathy toward the political establishment, the globalized economy, and corporate welfare, Trump guessed correctly he could ride that wave of discontent to the White House.  He exploited a growing divide in the country between whites and minorities, urbanites and rural residents, the college-educated and the working class. Trump beat Clinton among white men without a college degree by 31 points and white women without a degree by 27 points, according to the Reuters/Ipsos polling.  He also benefited from an opponent with her own flaws. Clinton was continually dragged down by questions over her use of a private email server while secretary of state and the activities of her family foundation, while her corporate-friendly background left some Democrats skeptical and unenthusiastic. That appeared to cost her support among women, young voters and minorities – three groups that are critical for Democrats to win big. Clinton won each of these groups, but by smaller margins than President Barack Obama held when he defeated Republican candidate Mitt Romney in 2012. Some 49 percent of women supported Clinton, the first woman nominee of a major party, while 47 percent supported Trump.  Among women between the ages of 18 and 34, about 55 percent supported Clinton, while 38 percent supported Trump. In 2012, 62 percent of young women supported Obama, while 36 percent supported Romney. White voters, especially men in rural areas, flocked to Trump in record numbers. Trump appealed to voters unhappy with the hollowing out of the country’s manufacturing sector and fearful of the country’s changing demographics, campaigning on a harsh anti-immigration message.   Trump won 56 percent of the white vote, while Clinton won just 39 percent. He dominated to an even greater degree in rural areas, where he beat Clinton by 27 points. Trump promised big things: that he would bring jobs back and punish outsourcing corporations, that he would restore the country to some unspecified early time of prosperity and security - even as unemployment tumbled below 5 percent. Specifics were never Trump’s strength. Instead, he used an “us versus them” message to build voter enthusiasm in places where most Republican candidates never ventured, rural areas with voters who felt ignored by Washington. Matt Borges, the chairman of the Ohio Republican Party, said Trump, unlike Romney, made voters feel like they mattered. Before Trump, he said, “we weren’t listening to what voters actually care about.” Trump thumbed his nose at the extensive get-out-the-vote operation and data-rich organization that are seen as essential to a modern winning campaign.  His campaign relied instead on more unofficial networks of rabid supporters to get the word out. His advisers argued that he would bring scores of neglected white voters back into the political process, including blue-collar Democrats in places such as Pennsylvania. Until Trump, Republicans had not won Pennsylvania since 1988. Craig Robinson, a veteran of Iowa Republican politics, said pundits underestimated how Trump’s strength in the primaries would carry over to the general election.  “In an election where the conventional wisdom was proven wrong time and time again, they convinced themselves that conventional wisdom would prevail in the general election,” Robinson said. “The voters saw through it.”  ",1
7449,Iran's Rouhani says Trump election has no effect on Tehran policies: IRNA,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Iran’s President Hassan Rouhani said on Wednesday that the U.S.  election results would have no effect on Tehran’s policies, state news agency IRNA quoted him as saying, noting that Iran’s expanding economic ties with the world were irreversible.  “The results of the U.S. election have no effect on the policies of the Islamic Republic of Iran,” Rouhani said.  “Iran’s policy for constructive engagement with the world and the lifting of nuclear-related sanctions have made our economic relations with all countries expanding and irreversible.” He added that Iran’s nuclear deal with six world powers has been reflected in a United Nation Security Council resolution and cannot be dismissed by one government. ",1
7450,Britain's Johnson says looks forward to continuing UK-U.S. partnership with Trump,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain’s Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson, who has previously criticized U.S. President-elect Donald Trump, congratulated him on his victory on Wednesday and said he looked forward to continuing the partnership between the two nations.   “I believe passionately in the importance of the UK - US relationship and am confident we can take it forward together,” Johnson, who was formerly mayor of London, said on his Twitter feed. Last year, Johnson said that he feared going to New York because of “the real risk of meeting Donald Trump” after the billionaire said parts of London were now so radicalised they could no longer be policed by officers, who feared for their lives.   ",1
7451,"Anti-Trump demonstrators set fires, break windows in California","OAKLAND, Calif. (Reuters) - Protests against Donald Trump broke out in California’s Bay Area late on Tuesday after the Republican candidate won the U.S. presidential election, a Reuters witness and local media reported. Demonstrators set fire to a likeness of Trump, smashed store front windows and set garbage and tires on fire in downtown Oakland, across the bay from San Francisco. A few miles away, University of California, Berkeley students protested on campus.  A demonstration also unfolded at the University of California, Davis where students blocked streets as they marched and chanted anti-Trump slogans and “You are not America, we are America,” according to Twitter posts.         One protester in Oakland was struck by a vehicle after blocking a highway, local media reported.      ",1
7452,"In bid for history, Clinton fails to reach the mountaintop","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Hillary Clinton came closer than any other woman to winning the White House on Tuesday but fell short for a second time, a bitter disappointment for a pioneering but polarizing American political figure. Seeking to win election to the office her husband Bill Clinton held from 1993 to 2001, Clinton, 69, lost her battle for the Democratic presidential nomination to Barack Obama in 2008 and lost on Tuesday to Republican Donald Trump, 70. Trump told supporters at a rally early on Wednesday that Clinton had phoned to congratulate him on his victory. A Clinton campaign aide confirmed the phone call. In 2000, Clinton became the only first lady to win elected office, as a U.S. senator from New York. In 2009, she became the third female secretary of state. In July, she became the first woman to claim a major U.S. party’s presidential nomination.  The presidency turned out to be a bridge too far. Accepting her party’s nomination in July, she embraced the historic nature of her candidacy, saying that “when any barrier falls in America it clears the way for everyone. After all, when there are no ceilings, the sky’s the limit. So let’s keep going. Let’s keep going until every one of the 161 million women and girls across America has the opportunity she deserves to have.”     During four decades in public life, Clinton withstood such controversies as an FBI investigation of her use of a private email server as secretary of state, probes into past business dealings, her husband’s infidelity and an unsuccessful Republican effort to remove him from office. Two American women, Geraldine Ferraro in 1984 and Sarah Palin in 2008, were nominated by major parties as their vice presidential nominees, but fell short in the general election. After losing to Obama in the 2008 race, Clinton deferred her White House ambitions, and served as his secretary of state from 2009 to 2013. Clinton’s admirers consider her a tough, capable and sometimes inspirational leader who endured unrelenting efforts by political enemies to chop her down. Campaigning for her on Monday in Michigan, Obama called Clinton “a candidate who is smart, a candidate who’s steady, a candidate who’s tested - probably the most qualified person ever to run for this office.” Her detractors consider her an unscrupulous and power-hungry opportunist. She was detested by many Republicans and conservatives, and in 1998 during her husband’s presidency bemoaned a “vast right-wing conspiracy.” Against Trump, she portrayed herself as guarding the country from the threat she said he posed to American democracy. “As I’ve told people, I’m the last thing standing between you and the apocalypse,” Clinton told The New York Times in October. When she entered the race last year for the Democratic presidential nomination, she was considered such a prohibitive favorite that others in her party shied away from challenging her. But she was an establishment figure and a Washington insider at a time when voters were smitten with outsiders. She secured the Democratic nomination in July only after beating back a surprisingly stout challenge from U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders, who appealed to young voters and mustered the kind of excitement that Clinton sometimes failed to generate. As secretary of state, she dealt with civil wars in Syria and Libya, Iran’s nuclear program, China’s growing clout, Russian assertiveness, ending the Iraq war, winding down the Afghanistan war, and an unsuccessful bid to settle the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Congressional Republicans spent years investigating allegations of State Department security lapses related to a 2012 attack by militants in the Libyan city of Benghazi that killed the U.S. ambassador. She testified during marathon congressional hearings in January 2013 at the end of her tenure at the State Department and in October 2015, while already a candidate for president, facing Republican criticism of her handling of the incident. Another politically damaging issue came to light during the lengthy congressional investigation into the Benghazi attack: accusations that she broke the law in her handling of classified information while corresponding through the private email server for her government work as secretary of state. The U.S. Justice Department in July accepted FBI Director James Comey’s recommendation not to bring criminal charges against her, although he faulted her “extremely careless”  handling of classified information. Comey announced 11 days before the election that the FBI was investigating a new collection of emails as part of its probe, but said two days before the election that a review of those emails produced nothing that would change the decision not to bring charges. Trump called her “Crooked Hillary,” said he would seek to put her behind bars if elected and encouraged his supporters to chant “lock her up.” Clinton called Trump as a racist hate-monger, a sexist and a tax-dodger enamored with Russian President Vladimir Putin. She defended her lengthy service in government, dismissing Trump’s contention that she had produced no real accomplishments. Born in Chicago on Oct. 26, 1947, Hillary Rodham Clinton was  the eldest of three children of a small-business owner father she called a “rock-ribbed, up-by-your-bootstraps, conservative Republican” and a mother who was a closet Democrat. She attended public schools, then enrolled in 1965 at all-female Wellesley College in Massachusetts, where she headed the Young Republicans Club. Her political views changed during the 1960s civil rights struggles and Vietnam War escalation and she switched parties. At Yale Law School, she met a similarly ambitious fellow student from Arkansas, Bill Clinton, and they became a couple. She moved to Washington to work for a congressional panel in the impeachment drive against Nixon, who resigned as president in 1974 during the Watergate scandal. She moved to Arkansas to be with Bill, married him in 1975, and was hired by a top law firm. He jumped into politics, eventually being elected governor, at age 32, in 1978. She gave birth to the couple’s only child, daughter Chelsea, in 1980. As Arkansas’ first lady, she was a high-powered lawyer in the capital Little Rock and a Wal-Mart corporate board member. Most Americans were introduced to her during her husband’s bid for the 1992 Democratic presidential nomination. Bill Clinton said voters would get “two for the price of one” if they elected him. She unapologetically said she was not a woman who “stayed home and baked cookies.” After a woman named Gennifer Flowers accused Bill Clinton during the campaign of a sexual affair, Hillary Clinton appeared on TV with her husband and referred to singer Tammy Wynette’s song, “Stand by Your Man.” “You know, I’m not sitting here, some little woman standing by my man like Tammy Wynette,” she said, adding that she loved and respected her husband. “And you know, if that’s not enough for people, then heck, don’t vote for him,” she added.  Conservative critics painted her as a radical feminist and a threat to traditional family values. Bill Clinton defeated incumbent Republican President George H.W. Bush in November 1992. As first lady from 1993 to 2001, unlike many of her predecessors, she was an active part of policymaking. Critics assailed her unsuccessful effort to win congressional passage of healthcare reform, deriding it as “Hillarycare.” She and her husband faced a long investigation into past business dealings but ultimately no criminal charges were brought. A real estate venture known as Whitewater faced scrutiny, spawning an independent counsel investigation that later encompassed Bill Clinton’s sexual relationship with a White House intern named Monica Lewinsky. Deputy White House Counsel Vince Foster, a figure in the Whitewater controversy and a close friend of the Clintons from Arkansas, was found dead of a gunshot in 1993. His death was ruled a suicide. In a 2003 memoir, Hillary Clinton blasted “conspiracy theorists and investigators trying to prove that Vince was murdered to cover up what he ‘knew about Whitewater.’”  In 2000, the independent counsel investigation concluded there was insufficient evidence to show the Clintons had been involved in any criminal behavior related to Whitewater. In December 1998, the Republican-led House of Representatives voted to impeach a president for only the second time in U.S. history, charging Bill Clinton with “high crimes and misdemeanors” for allegedly lying under oath and obstructing justice to cover up his relationship with Lewinsky. The Republican-led Senate acquitted Clinton in February 1999. Hillary Clinton called the impeachment an abuse of power by Republicans with a “Soviet-style show trial” and condemned what she called “an attempted congressional coup d’etat.” She also said she “wanted to wring Bill’s neck” for the affair and upbraided him privately. Ultimately, she said, she decided she still loved him and remained after they went through counseling. She launched her own bid for elected office and won election in 2000 as a U.S. senator. The 2008 race for the Democratic presidential nomination pitted America’s foremost woman politician against the son of a black Kenyan father and a white Kansan mother. After vanquishing Clinton, Obama made history when he defeated Republican John McCain to become the first black U.S. president. ",1
7453,Turkey hopes for better cooperation with Trump on fighting terror: PM,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said on Wednesday he hoped for an improvement in ties with the United States after Donald Trump’s election victory, and called for the extradition of the U.S.-based cleric Turkey blames for a failed July coup. President Tayyip Erdogan, whose relations with outgoing U.S. President Barack Obama have at times been strained, meanwhile said he hoped Trump’s victory would lead to “beneficial steps” for the Middle East and for basic rights and freedoms. Turkey has been frustrated by what it sees as Washington’s reluctance to hand over cleric Fethullah Gulen, whom it accuses of masterminding an abortive putsch four months ago and who has lived in exile in Pennsylvania since 1999. “An area of opportunity has been created for the new president to advance relations with policies taking into account Turkey’s fight against terror,” Yildirim said in a speech broadcast on Turkish television. “A new page will be opened for Turkish-U.S. friendship if you soon hand over the terror group leader who has harmed the friendship between the U.S. and Turkey,” he said, in reference to Gulen. The cleric denies involvement in July’s failed coup. Turkey, a NATO member and sometimes fractious ally in the U.S.-led coalition against Islamic State, has also been angered by U.S. support for the Kurdish YPG militia in Syria, which it sees as a hostile force linked to Kurdish militants who have fought the Turkish state for more than three decades. A senior Turkish official told Reuters that statements from Trump indicating he would withdraw support from “terror groups” was critically important for Turkey. “We expect the development of better relations in the period ahead,” the official said. “It is a positive development in itself that the United States will put a distance between itself and terror groups like the YPG, and it will be an important step for establishing healthier balances in the Middle East.” Erdogan made only brief reference to the U.S. election result at the end of a speech to a business forum in Istanbul. “I hope that this choice of the American people will lead to beneficial steps being taken for the world concerning basic rights and freedoms, democracy and developments in our region,” he said. ",1
7454,"Scottish leader says Trump win brings ""real sense of anxiety' for many","EDINBURGH (Reuters) - Scotland’s First Minister Nicola Sturgeon congratulated Donald Trump on winning the U.S. presidential election on Wednesday but said many would feel anxious about his victory. “It is normal in any election for those on the losing side to feel disappointment, but today, many in America and across the world, will also feel a real sense of anxiety,” Sturgeon said in statement. Trump, whose mother was Scottish, owns two golf courses on the west and east coasts of Scotland. He has made much of his Scottish roots, telling a Scottish newspaper earlier this year that just as he had won over Scotland, where he faced fierce local resistance to some of his development plans, he would win over the United States. Sturgeon has long been vocal on her distaste for Trump and endorsed his opponent Hillary Clinton as recently as Tuesday. “While this is not the outcome I hoped for, it is the verdict of the American people and we must respect it. I congratulate president-elect Trump on winning the election,” she said. ",1
7455,Kremlin: renewed dialogue needed between Washington and Moscow,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Suggestions Russia interfered in the U.S. presidential election are absurd and a renewed dialogue is needed between Washington and Moscow, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said on Wednesday. Peskov said Russian President Vladimir Putin currently had no plans to meet with U.S. President-elect Donald Trump or incumbent U.S. President Barack Obama. He said Russia hoped coordination with United States on the Syria crisis would improve under the new U.S. president.  ",1
7456,Highest glass ceiling remains intact after Clinton's stunning loss,"(Reuters) - They wore pantsuits to their polling places, emulating the preferred dress of their White House candidate. Some wept with emotion and others remembered their female ancestors as they cast their vote for Democrat Hillary Clinton. But rather than witness the shattering of the ultimate glass ceiling, women across America watched an historic breakthrough slip away as Clinton failed to become the first woman elected president of the United States. Republican Donald Trump, who had waged a heated campaign painting the former secretary of state as  “crooked” and threatening to put her in jail, swept to surprise victory on an anti-establishment platform. “I was looking forward to having a woman president. I really was. I can’t believe people voted for that terrible man,” said Mariana Mejia, 61, sitting at a subdued party at California Democratic Party headquarters in Sacramento. Some women defied their own political tradition to vote for the first woman presidential nominee of a major U.S. political party. Republican Cassandra Pye, a pioneering African-American political consultant who advised former California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger, said she felt the pull of history as she cast her ballot for Clinton. “I feel like even though I vote in the booth alone, there are always people in there with me,” Pye said. “My ancestors, my mother, my aunties - there were a lot of people in the booth with me today.” A polarizing figure with a long history in the public eye, Clinton entered the White House as first lady in 1993, after her husband, Bill Clinton, defeated incumbent George H. W. Bush. Her ambition immediately clashed with the public’s image of a first lady, and Clinton won enemies as swiftly as she earned the adoration of many progressive women. When she lost the Democratic nomination to Barack Obama in 2008, Clinton conceded that “although we weren’t able to shatter that highest, hardest glass ceiling this time, thanks to you, it’s got about 18 million cracks in it,” referring to the number of votes she had won.  Women who had pinned their hopes on Clinton gave a nod to their political history on Tuesday, forming a long line to leave “I Voted Today” stickers on the gravestone of women’s suffrage activist Susan B. Anthony.  Others, dressed in white like the suffragettes who campaigned for a woman’s right to vote and wearing pantsuits like those favored by Clinton, posed for photos at state Capitol buildings and other iconic locations. Several bemoaned the fact that U.S. women won the right to vote in 1920 and nearly a century later the country has yet to elect a woman president.         “It’s been such a hard struggle for women, a very hard struggle,” said U.S. Senator Barbara Boxer, who in 1992 made history along with Senator Dianne Feinstein as the first women elected from California to the U.S. Senate. “It’s a very emotional moment.” Trump, a wealthy real estate developer and former reality TV star, defied political correctness with comments that angered women, minorities and the disabled. He denied allegations by several women that he groped them after the emergence of a video where he boasted about making unwanted sexual advances on women.    At the Sacramento Democratic party gathering, some women lamented his victory and the long, difficult trek for women to win positions of power.  “I thought by the time I hit 61 it would be different for women and minorities,” said Chris Cage, 61, a former journalist and labor organizer. “I see a victory for Trump as a vote against both.” ",1
7457,Must accept Trump win but not what most Germans wanted: German foreign minister,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany’s foreign minister said on Wednesday that U.S. Republican Donald Trump’s victory in the presidential election was not what most Germans had wanted and added that Washington’s foreign policy would no longer be as foreseeable as it has been. “The result is not to be underestimated. The result is different from what most people in Germany desired. But of course we have to accept it,” Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier said. “In the course of the election campaign Donald Trump has found critical words about Europe and Germany. We must adjust to the fact that American foreign policy will get less predictable in the near future,” he added. ",1
7458,Republicans defend grip on U.S. Congress as Trump wins presidency,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republicans maintained their majorities in both chambers of the U.S. Congress in a momentous election on Tuesday in which Republican Donald Trump won the presidency, empowering the party to reshape Washington. The Republican sweep sets up the United States for two years of “unified” government, which would normally mean significant policy change, although Trump’s election was anything but normal and he will start his presidency with unusual handicaps.  Both Republican leaders on Capitol Hill held Trump at arm’s length during the campaign. Trump offended and attacked some congressional Republicans on the stump, including House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan. Early on Wednesday, shortly after Clinton conceded to Trump, Ryan said in a statement: “We are eager to work hand-in-hand with the new administration to advance an agenda to improve the lives of the American people.” Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, also a Republican,  said in a guarded and similarly timed statement: “The American people have chosen a new direction for our nation.” The new Congress will not convene until Jan. 3, but the “lame-duck” Congress will return next week and Republicans are set to begin the process of picking leaders for both chambers. Ryan’s position as speaker could be challenged by Republican conservatives who backed Trump and it remains to be seen if the president-elect himself will try to push Ryan out. “Trump seems magnanimous right now,” an aide to one of Trump’s House supporters said after Trump stressed unity in his victory speech in New York. “We shall see.” In a huge disappointment to Democrats, Republicans were on a pace to lose only a handful of seats in the House, well below the double-digit losses some predicted. Similarly, Democrats gained only one seat in the Senate, although a few races were still to be determined, including New Hampshire, where incumbent Republican Kelly Ayotte was deadlocked with Democrat Maggie Hassan early on Wednesday. In Illinois, Democratic U.S. Representative Tammy Duckworth defeated Republican Senator Mark Kirk. Democrats needed to pick up a net five seats to win Senate control. Republican successes came on the heels of big Republican gains in the 2014 congressional elections and defied predictions the party was in tatters and on the verge of splitting apart because of deep divisions over Trump. Congressional Republicans are sure to flex their muscles on a range of legislation, not the least of which is fulfilling a six-year quest to repeal President Barack Obama’s landmark healthcare law known as “Obamacare.” Republicans also campaigned on an agenda that shunned comprehensive immigration reform and opposed gun control and expanded environmental and financial regulations. In the Senate, McConnell, a Kentucky Republican, was expected to remain at his post for at least the next two years. Paul Sracic, who chairs the politics department at Youngstown State University in Ohio, said: “There was all this concern that Trump would damage Republicans down-ticket. Just the opposite happened” as Trump brought out more Republican voters. Come January, Republicans will have to pivot from trying to block Obama’s initiatives - such as his signature health insurance program Obamacare - to governing along with Trump. “Republicans no longer have the luxury of being the opposition party, said Sarah Binder, a political science professor at George Washington University. “For example, will they actually repeal Obamacare and agree what to implement in its place?” she added. McConnell led conservatives’ opposition to any Supreme Court nominee named by Obama following last February’s death of conservative Justice Antonin Scalia. His gamble paid off and he will now await a nomination from Trump, likely dooming Obama’s choice of federal judge Merrick Garland. Star-power incumbent Republicans, such as Senator John McCain in Arizona and Marco Rubio in Florida, also scored victories.  Issues ranging from tax cuts to border security will now take center stage in Washington. Trump’s opposition to trade deals with foreign countries puts in serious jeopardy the Trans-Pacific Partnership agreement negotiated by Obama that would cover economies from Japan to Chile. “In terms of trade, I think TPP is dead. The stake went through its heart tonight,” Sracic said. ",1
7459,"Egypt's Sisi says spoke to Donald Trump by telephone, congratulated him on win","CAIRO (Reuters) - Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi spoke to Donald Trump on the telephone on Wednesday, congratulating him on his victory in the U.S. presidential election and seeking to foster closer diplomatic ties, an Egyptian presidency statement said.  “The U.S. President-elect Donald Trump expressed his utmost appreciation to the president, pointing out that his was the first international call he had received to congratulate him on winning the election,” the statement said. “President Trump said he looked forward to meeting the president (again) soon.” ",1
7460,EU eyes more self-reliance after Trump victory,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union must take responsibility for dealing with neighbors Russia, Africa and the Middle East, its commissioner for “neighborhood policy” said on Wednesday after Donald Trump was elected U.S. president. “Europe must shoulder its own share of international responsibility, especially in its neighborhood,” Johannes Hahn said on Twitter, although he also said: “America and Europe have always been strongest when they worked together.” During his campaign, Trump promised radical changes in U.S. policy, praised Russian President Vladimir Putin and questioned the cost of U.S. military and other commitments in Europe. The EU faces a more aggressive Russia to the east, conflicts in the Middle East to the south and an increased threat from Islamist militants among others. The conservative leader in the European Parliament, Manfred Weber, an ally of German Chancellor Angela Merkel, said: “The message is clear: it is now up to Europe. We must be more self-confident and assume more responsibility. We do not know what to expect from the USA. “For the political culture in Europe, this is another wake-up call.” ",1
7461,"UK PM may says looks forward to working with Trump, building ties","LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May congratulated Donald Trump on winning the U.S. presidency on Wednesday, saying Britain and the United States would remain “strong and close partners on trade, security and defense”. “I would like to congratulate Donald Trump on being elected the next president of the United States, following a hard-fought campaign,” May said in a statement. “Britain and the United States have an enduring and special relationship based on the values of freedom, democracy and enterprise. We are, and will remain, strong and close partners on trade, security and defense,” she said. “I look forward to working with President-elect Donald Trump, building on these ties to ensure the security and prosperity of our nations in the years ahead.” ",1
7462,Iran says Trump should stay committed to the nuclear deal: Tasnim news,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump should stay committed to the international nuclear deal with Iran, Iranian foreign minister Mohammad Javad Zarif was quoted as saying by Tasnim news agency on Wednesday. “The United States should fulfill its commitments in the  Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (the nuclear deal) as a multilateral international agreement,” Zarif was quoted as saying while on a visit to Romania. ",1
7463,'Go to hell!' A divided America struggles to heal after ugly election," (Editors note: Attention to language in paragraph 30 that may be offensive to some readers) By Jason Szep ELLSWORTH, Maine (Reuters) - “He lies,” huffed Janet Foster. “And he’s a dirty old man,” chimed in her sister Jean as they discussed Donald Trump’s flaws a few days before he was elected the new president of the United States. “Well, I am with him,” their brother Paul, 60, interjected, raising his voice over snacks of cheese, muffins and crackers in the family’s living room. “Hillary Clinton is like a puppet - you know it’s all scripted.” The 2016 U.S. election was unprecedented in the way it turned Americans against each other, according to dozens of interviews in rural United States and across some of the most politically charged battleground states.  It divided families like the Fosters in rural Ellsworth, Maine, broke up friendships and turned neighbor against neighbor. In a recent Reuters/Ipsos survey, 15 percent of respondents said they had stopped talking to a family member or close friend as a result of the election. For Democrats, this shoots up to 23 percent, compared to 10 percent for Republicans. And 12 percent had ended a relationship because of it. There was no comparative polling data from previous elections. But interviews with relationship counselors and voters suggest this election stood out by summoning passions, anger and a divisiveness in ways that will make healing difficult after Clinton’s loss to Trump on Tuesday. Sarah Guth, a Democrat in Colorado, says her father - an ardent supporter of Trump - no longer speaks with her after they clashed on Facebook over their political views. “He crossed a line,” she said. After attending a Trump rally, Guth wrote on Facebook that she saw 10 minorities among thousands of people. “I’m increasingly convinced that this election is about race,” she wrote. “I mean a fear among the white majority that their rule is coming to an end.” Some posters told her “to go to hell,” she recalled in an interview. “And then my dad very publicly attacked me, telling me that I should be ashamed of myself.” The two have not spoken since. Ty Turner-Bond, a 35-year-old black man in North Carolina, says he lost friends because of his support for Trump. Some called him an “Uncle Tom,” a slur for African Americans accused of deferring to white people; others threatened violence. In Springfield, a city on Ohio’s Mad River, Duke Level, 57, voted for Trump because he wanted “a wrecking ball” to hit Washington. The owner of Un Mundo Cafe isn’t surprised this election created divisions, and he fears they could get worse. “This is one of those crossroads crisis moments in history,” he said.  Hours earlier, Trump rallied about 5,000 supporters a few miles away in a dirt-floored livestock arena. He blasted Clinton as “the most corrupt person ever to seek the office of the presidency,” drawing chants of “lock her up,” as well as a few of “string her up.” Down the street, Richard Scott, 51, an African-American supporting Clinton, shook his head when told of those chants. Those words, he said, recalled 20th Century lynchings of black Americans - including in Springfield where a black prisoner was shot and hung from a pole on Main Street in 1904. “It’s terrible,” he said. Weeks ago, he planted a Clinton sign in his yard. His neighbors put up Trump signs. Outside the funeral home he owns, a pro-Clinton sign was defaced with a “Hillary for Prison” sticker. “People are tense,” said Scott. The election hardened an already-clear racial divide in the former industrial city of 60,000 people - a snapshot of America at about 75 percent white and 18 percent black. Interviews with residents suggested its northern areas, mostly affluent and white, would vote for Trump, while its mostly black, lower-income southern section would largely support Clinton. “There is a division in this town, economically and racial. And we saw that in this election,” said Bob Leath, 58, owner of Buckeye PC Repair who voted for Trump to “clean house” in Washington. “If you voted for Clinton, you were most likely either young, lower-income or from the south side of the area.” For some, the tensions reach the bedroom. Sam Nail, a Cincinnati marriage counselor, said he has two couples who cited the election season as a “stressor” in their relationship. Much of the anger gets uncorked on social media and will be hard to undo. Some is well publicized. National Review writer David French has written about “an unending torrent of abuse” he and his family faced online from white nationalist Trump supporters, including a Tweeted image of his 7-year-old daughter’s face in a gas chamber. Others are less well known, like Brenda Thomas’ tangles with her older brother on Facebook. She says her brother unleashed a daily stream of Facebook posts on Clinton and President Barack Obama that she found objectionable. She said when her husband, a Republican, tried to reason with him, he was “unfriended” on Facebook. “I feel that I have to walk on eggshells with him and it causes problems at family functions,” said Thomas, 63, of Elizabethtown, Kentucky.   In Charlotte, North Carolina, Karen Wilson, describes this election as “stressful” on Facebook. “I’ve got family members who are mad at me for deleting entire Facebook threads when I thought they were becoming too negative. I’ve deleted Facebook friends who I realized I never should have been friends with in the first place,” said Wilson, 43.  Fourteen percent of respondents in the Reuters/Ipsos poll said they had blocked a family member or close friend from social media because of the election. For Democrats, this rises to 23 percent compared to 8 percent for Republicans. The divisions tore into the fabric of some communities. In Provo, Utah, Trump supporter Loy Brunson awoke on an October morning to find his car spray-painted with the words “AmeriKKKa” - a reference to “KKK” white supremacists - and “Fuck Trump.” His two Trump yard signs were destroyed. “So I doubled down, got motivated and put up 85 signs in my yard,” he said. Within days, all but six of those were stolen. “This was more than vandalism,” he said in an interview. “This was a free speech attack.” Some blame the divisiveness on campaign rhetoric that inflamed racial, ethnic and class tensions that have long simmered in America. Angry and extremist language moved into the mainstream.  George Lakoff, a linguistics professor at University of California, Berkeley, blames Trump’s use of language, which he ranks as among the most violent of any candidate in modern times. He specifically notes Trump’s suggestion in August that gun rights activists could take matters into their own hands if Clinton defeated him, as well as the New York businessman’s comments that she should go to prison. “When you have extremes of that order, you have extremes of anger, extremes of fear,” Lakoff said. In Mississippi, Chad Scott, an activist in the Clay County Republican Party, fears a post-election split between the party’s working-class Trump supporters and business-minded elites - a sentiment echoed in Maine, where Foster, the Ellsworth resident at odds with his sisters, witnessed the election’s political vitriol first hand.  Foster’s van was one of 20 vehicles spray-painted outside a Trump rally on Oct. 15 in the city of Bangor. And across Ellsworth, pro-Trump yard signs were stolen almost as fast as they were planted, Republican officials say.  Foster worries about the divisions ahead.  “My sisters will forgive me for my political views,” he said.  “But the country is going to be on fire.” ",1
7464,Germany's Gabriel calls Trump 'pioneer of a new authoritarian movement',"BERLIN (Reuters) - German Vice Chancellor Sigmar Gabriel on Wednesday called Donald Trump’s U.S. election victory a warning for Germany and Europe, urging policy makers to listen more closely to people’s concerns. “Trump is the pioneer of a new authoritarian and chauvinist international movement. He is also a warning for us,” Gabriel told German newspaper group Funke Mediengruppe in an interview. “Our country and Europe must change if we want to counter the authoritarian international movement,” Gabriel said. ",1
7465,"Renzi congratulates Trump, says Italy friendship with U.S. solid","ROME (Reuters) - Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi, who had openly supported Hillary Clinton, congratulated Donald Trump on his victory in the U.S. presidential elections and said Italy’s ties with the United States remained strong. “I wish him well. The Italo-American friendship is solid,” Renzi said at the start of a speech in Rome.  Renzi was one of the few world leaders to endorse Clinton and opposition politicians were swift to condemn him on Wednesday, saying that by doing so, he had weakened Rome’s international standing.  ",1
7466,Greece's Golden Dawn says Trump win a victory for ethnically 'clean' states,"ATHENS (Reuters) - Greece’s far-right Golden Dawn party hailed Donald Trump’s election as president of the United States, calling it a victory against “illegal immigration” and in favor of ethnically “clean” nations. Golden Dawn, Greece’s third-largest party, took its first seats in parliament in 2012 on a backlash against austerity policies in Greece, which has received three international bailouts since 2010. “This was a victory for the forces which oppose globalization, are fighting illegal migration and are in favor of clean ethnic states, in favor of self-sufficiency in the national economy,” a spokesman of the party said in a post on YouTube. “A great global change is starting, which will continue with nationalists prevailing in Austria, Marie LePen in France and Golden Dawn in Greece.” ",1
7467,Trump victory may create new tension between U.S. and Islam: Indonesia clerical body,"JAKARTA (Reuters) - Donald Trump’s U.S. election victory may create fresh tension between the United States and the Islamic world, an official at Indonesia’s top Muslim clerical body said on Wednesday. Trump, who once proposed a ban on Muslims entering the United States, stunned the world by defeating heavily favored Hillary Clinton in the presidential race, ending eight years of Democratic rule. Trump had made “negative, cynical” comments about Muslims in the past, Din Syamsuddin, a senior official at the Indonesian Ulema Council (MUI), told reporters in Jakarta. “He had forgotten that many Americans are immigrants.” Indonesia has the world’s largest Muslim population. ",1
7468,Outlines of Trump foreign policy are largely uncharted territory,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump may try to improve ties with Russia, tear up trade deals with Mexico and Pacific nations and abandon U.S. allies in Europe and Asia if they don’t spend more on their own defense - or, he may not. Foreign governments are uncertain how much of Trump’s rhetoric will be translated into policy because he has frequently made contradictory statements and provided few details of how he would deal with the world or who he would appoint to key posts. French Foreign Minister Jean-Marc Ayrault pledged to work with Trump but said his personality “raised questions” and he admitted to being unsure what a Trump presidency would mean for key foreign policy challenges, from climate change and the West’s nuclear deal with Iran to the war in Syria. Trump, who has no foreign affairs or military experience, will confront the absence of a national or even Republican political consensus on how to deal with Syria, the Islamic State militant group, the rise of China and a newly assertive Russia. “This is virtual terra incognita,” said Aaron David Miller, a Middle East negotiator who served Democratic and Republican presidents and is now with the Woodrow Wilson Center for Scholars in Washington. “The biggest danger of a Trump presidency is the unpredictability and sheer lack of stability that our allies and adversaries would feel, and he turns that into a virtue by saying that he wants to be unpredictable,” he said. Among the names said to be in consideration for top national security jobs in a Trump administration are former House of Representatives Speaker Newt Gingrich and one-time United Nations ambassador John Bolton for secretary of state, and General Michael Flynn, a former head of the Defense Intelligence Agency, for national security adviser.A Republican foreign policy expert who has occasionally counseled Trump, cautioned that he is more likely to make his own decisions and impulses than to follow the advice of his aides. Many top Republicans have publicly repudiated him, and a number of professional diplomats, intelligence and military officers have privately said they would retire if Trump wins. “If he does everything he says he’s going to do, we can kiss goodbye our leadership role in the world,” former CIA deputy director John McLaughlin told Reuters. “So let’s hope he doesn’t mean it or that someone talks him out of it.” Trump has suggested he could accept Japanese and South Korean nuclear arms development, abandon the Iran nuclear deal, negotiate with North Korea on its nuclear weapons program, and embrace Russian President Vladimir Putin. Trump has adopted an open-minded stance toward Putin, whom many current and former U.S. officials consider an autocrat bent on suppressing dissent at home while bullying his neighbors and projecting Russia’s power abroad. Russia has annexed Crimea from Ukraine, backed Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and, according to U.S. intelligence officials, hacked  emails of prominent Democratic Party leaders and organizations. “I would hope to have a good relationship with Russia and I would hope to have a good relationship with Putin,” Trump told Reuters in an interview last month. “If we had a good relationship with Russia that would be a wonderful thing.” James Dobbins, a former U.S. diplomat now at the Rand Corp., said he would not be surprised to see an effort to “reset” U.S. relations with Russia. Trump has taken a more aggressive tone toward China, threatening to slap tariffs on Chinese products to show Beijing the United States is “not playing games anymore” when it comes to leveling the field on trade.  China’s Foreign Ministry said on Wednesday it would work with Trump to ensure the steady development of bilateral ties. Trump also says he could scrap the North American Free Trade Agreement that took effect in Mexico, the United States and Canada in 1994, and he has threatened to impose tariffs of up to 35 percent on Mexican-made goods to help U.S. industry. Trump has taken aim at the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal championed by President Barack Obama, calling it a “death blow” for American manufacturing.  “LESS CONFLICT-AVERSE” Trump has also floated the idea of abandoning NATO’s guarantee of mutual defense, suggesting that the United States would help defend other NATO members such as the Baltic states only if they had “fulfilled their obligations to us.” Asked in March if he would object if Japan or South Korea developed their own nuclear weapons, Trump told the New York Times there might come a time that the United States could not protect them as it has in the past and they might need to develop their own arsenals. Both positions violate bedrock principles of U.S. foreign policy that have stood for decades: that an attack on one NATO member would be regarded as an attack on all and that the proliferation of nuclear weapons is to be avoided at all costs. Jon Alterman, the head of the Middle East program at the Center for Strategic and International Studies think tank in Washington, said Trump’s predilection for keeping other nations guessing could itself be a source of instability. “Countries may feel more at risk and maybe less conflict-averse if they feel they have to protect themselves,” he said. Robert Zoellick, a former deputy secretary of state who in May signed a letter saying Trump “would be the most reckless president on American history,” suggested that Trump’s temperament could lead to unexpected outcomes. “No one knows how Mr. Trump’s vanity will respond if a foreign counterpart diminishes him,” he wrote in the Financial Times last month. ",1
7469,"With Trump win, Republican chairman Priebus emerges as key adviser","NEW YORK (Reuters) - Donald Trump’s White House victory puts a spotlight on Reince Priebus, an establishment Republican figure who emerged as a trusted adviser to the New York businessman and helped encourage discipline in the campaign’s final weeks. Priebus, chairman of the Republican National Committee, has been mentioned as a contender for chief of staff. In a pre-election interview, Priebus told Reuters that Trump won over voters who were frustrated with Washington and its politicians. “They viewed Donald Trump as the antidote to so many things that they’re frustrated with, whether it be Washington, whether it be their job, whether it be what they were promised, and all sorts of things in life, and how it wasn’t delivered,” he said. “And Trump was the antidote to all of those feelings.” Trump’s victory was a vindication for Priebus, who refused to bow to pressure to distance the party apparatus from him. He talked to Trump almost every day, sometimes more than once a day, and frequently traveled with the candidate. He helped prepare him for Trump’s debates against Democrat Hillary Clinton. Trump made clear his high regard for Priebus when he invited him on stage during his victory speech early Wednesday morning and asked him to say a few words. Comparing Priebus to the race horse Secretariat, Trump said, “I tell you Reince is really a star and he is the hardest-working guy.” Henry Barbour, an RNC member from Mississippi, said Priebus had “developed a position of trust” with Trump. “He had regular conversations with Trump about different ideas and not surprisingly some ideas Trump had were probably not the greatest and Reince kind of talked him off some of those cliffs,” he said. Once Trump vanquished 16 seasoned politicians to win the Republican presidential nomination, Priebus threw the weight of the RNC behind Trump and built a voter turnout effort that paid off despite Trump’s refusal to invest more money in it. “He has been a prodigious fundraiser. He invested heavily in bringing our data and analytics up to speed, and he put the full resources of the RNC to help build out the Trump campaign,” said Steve Duprey, a prominent Republican from New Hampshire.  “And he helped coach Donald Trump in how to be a presidential candidate.”  Trump’s unpredictable nature and views on issues such as trade that break with Republican party orthodoxy have led to rifts with many establishment figures in the party. But Priebus told Reuters that his staunch support for Trump was based on the fact that Trump won more Republican votes than any previous nominee, 14.5 million. “These are the same people who say the party is irrelevant and in the next breath they say that the party ought to singlehandedly nullify the wishes of 14.5 million people,” he said. If Trump had lost, Priebus would have faced pressure to step down as party chairman, since he also presided over the loss of Mitt Romney in 2012. He remains extremely popular among the 168 elected members of the RNC who would most likely re-elect him. Priebus is being talked about for re-election at the RNC or possibly being appointed by Trump to serve as his White House chief of staff, where he may be a potential conduit between Trump and Paul Ryan, the speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives. Both Priebus and Ryan hail from Wisconsin and are friends. “We hope Priebus goes into the Trump White House in a senior position,” said Scott Reed, a prominent Republican strategist in Washington. Asked whether he would seek re-election as RNC chairman, Priebus said he did not yet know. “I’ve honestly put that in a box and decided that I would deal with it Wednesday or Thursday, kind of think about it a little bit, kind of see where things are at,” he said. ",1
7470,"Fed up with Washington, Trump's 'deplorables' shake up the elite","MIAMI/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Fed up with Washington and feeling left behind, supporters of Republican Donald Trump upended the U.S. presidential race, electing a political newcomer they say offers the country a shot at dramatic change. Once dismissed by Trump’s Democratic rival Hillary Clinton as “deplorables,” supporters interviewed on Tuesday shrugged off his late-night tweeted insults, allegations against him of sexual misconduct and dire warnings from many in the Republican establishment that the businessman-turned-reality-television-star would throw U.S. economic and foreign policy into disarray. The economy, terrorism and healthcare ranked as the top three concerns facing Americans casting ballots in Tuesday’s election, according to an early reading from the Reuters/Ipsos Election Day poll of about 35,000 people. “The freedom-loving Americans pushed back against the elites and the globalists. They might win in the long run, but we’re not dead yet,” said Andrew Dye, 48, of Dexter, Michigan. “I think this big country is getting a little too far left a little too quickly and some people finally woke up and said enough,” said Dye, a partner in a small management consulting firm. Cuban-American Sarah Gird, 67, described herself as an independent who had felt let down after twice voting for Democratic President Barack Obama. “I’m not conservative at all,” she said. But Obama “didn’t produce anything.” In contrast, she said she trusted Trump would fix the economy. “I think he’s sincere, he’s truthful, he means what he says,” said Gird, adding she thought Trump would address poverty and jobs in African-American neighborhoods. For many, the vote was a rejection of Clinton, whose use of a private email server during her time in government came to symbolize what is wrong with Washington. “All the corruption. I’m tired of business as usual, being sold out all these years,” said Kevin Barrett, 57, in Nashville. Tom Kipp, 53, an architect also of Nashville, said he voted for Trump because “we need somebody in there not beholden to anyone.” “Our checks and balances system is beyond being compromised. I don’t say he’s my prime candidate, but he’s my best option,” Kipp said. Others found Trump’s promise to build a wall on the southern border with Mexico appealing. “Last-minute decision: I changed my mind to Trump,” said Lisa Ciafone, 48, of Madeira Beach, Florida, citing her concerns about illegal immigration and the rising costs of health insurance. “It made me lean towards Trump.” Vicki DeLira, 54, a dental hygienist from Schererville, Indiana, grew up a Democrat but voted for Trump because it was time for change even if it means “a little bit of chaos.” “It will be a little different atmosphere for a non-politician to be in the White House,” DeLira said. “But I think there’s enough politicians around him to help round them out.” Todd Recknagel, managing partner of private equity firm Three20 Capital Group, said the caricature of Trump as a “monster” was overdone. “He is an effective business man at the end of the day. So things are never quite as good as they appear and things are never quite as bad as they appear in life and I think he can make a decent president,” said Recknagel, 52, from Panama City Beach, Florida. As Trump became the projected winner in state after state, fans from Arkansas, Texas and Virginia sitting on velvet sofas in the lobby of his new Washington luxury hotel just down the street from the White House celebrated as waiters popped champagne. Preston Parry, 20, had bet all along that Trump would defy the pollsters who predicted a Clinton victory. “These were shadow voters, people who had never, ever voted before that the polls didn’t pick up. Unlikely voters. Like him or hate him - look, he did something right.” ",1
7471,EU parliament head hopes for 'rational cooperation' with Trump,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - European Parliament President Martin Schulz on Wednesday said he hoped for a “rational cooperation” with Donald Trump as the next U.S. president after a bitter political campaign.  “It will not be easy because during the election campaign we heard some elements of protectionism, also some worrying words about women, about minorities,” said Schulz, a German Social Democrat. “But my experience is also that election campaigns are different from the real politics during a term of the president so I hope that we will get back to a rational cooperation,” he said in televised remarks. In a separate written statement, he highlighted need for Trump to formulate more detailed policies after a campaign that capitalized on voters’ discontent with the status quo and he also listed key international policies that could be affected by the change of administration in Washington. “Mr. Trump has managed to become the standard-bearer of the angst and fears of millions of Americans. Those concerns must now be addressed with credible policies,” Schulz said. “Vitriol and polarization have fueled this electoral contest. President Trump will have the daunting task of bringing together a divided nation. “From Syria to Iraq, from Ukraine to Libya, Trump’s role in diplomacy and dealmaking will be tested from Day One,” he added. “From the fight against global warming to its commitment to NATO, the world awaits and hopes for an outward-looking presidency aiming at shaping international relations and upholding the values of freedom and democracy.” ",1
7472,Austria's far-right Freedom Party congratulates Trump,"VIENNA (Reuters) - Austrian far-right leader Heinz-Christian Strache congratulated Donald Trump on his victory in the U.S. presidential elections on Wednesday. “The political left as well as the aloof and sleazy establishment are being punished by voters and voted out of various decision-making positions,” the head of the populist Freedom Party (FPO) said on Facebook. The FPO hopes for its own candidate Norbert Hofer to become the European Union’s first far-right head of state on Dec. 4. Hofer, 45, an anti-immigrant EU critic hopes to succeed former Green Party leader Alexander Van der Bellen in a re-run of an annulled May election. ",1
7473,Turkish PM says Trump victory a chance to advance relations with U.S,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim on Wednesday congratulated Donald Trump on his victory in the U.S. presidential election, saying it was an opportunity to further bilateral relations. In a speech in the capital Ankara, Yildirim said a “new page” would be opened in U.S.-Turkey relations if Washington extradited the U.S.-based cleric Turkey blames for orchestrating the July 15 failed coup. “An area of opportunity has been created for the new president to advance relations with policies taking into account Turkey’s fight against terror,” Yildirim said. ",1
7474,UKIP leader and Brexit figurehead Farage congratulates Trump,"LONDON (Reuters) - Nigel Farage, the leader of the UK Independence Party who was a figurehead in the campaign to get Britain out of the European Union, congratulated Donald Trump on being elected the next U.S. president on Wednesday. Farage, who spoke at a Trump rally during the election campaign, had predicted the former reality TV host could harness the same dissatisfaction among voters that led to Brexit, something that Trump himself made repeated reference to. “I hand over the mantle to @RealDonaldTrump! Many congratulations. You have fought a brave campaign,” Farage wrote on this Twitter website. ",1
7475,Hungarian PM Orban hails Trump victory as 'great news',"BUDAPEST (Reuters) - Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban congratulated U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump on his election victory on Wednesday, with the words “What a great news. Democracy is still alive” posted on his Facebook page. Orban said in July that Trump’s plans on migration and foreign policy were “vital” for Hungary, whereas those of rival Democrat Hillary Clinton were “deadly”. Orban was then the first European head of state to express a clear preference for either of the two candidates. Orban has in the past upset fellow members of the European Union over policy, most recently with his tough stance on Europe’s migrant crisis, objecting to EU resettlement plans and having a fence built along Hungary’s southern border. “The migration and foreign policy advocated by the Republican candidate, Mr Trump, is good for Europe and vital for Hungary,” Orban said in July. ",1
7476,Wall Street elite stunned at Trump triumph,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - From plush penthouse apartments on the Upper East Side to bars in midtown Manhattan, New York’s financial community watched in stunned dismay on Wednesday as Republican Donald Trump clinched the White House. An early party mood quickly soured as donors and supporters of Hillary Clinton realized that the Democratic candidate, Wall Street’s preferred choice because she represented the status quo, had lost. Many were stuck for words. “Not really much to say,” said Marc Lasry, a billionaire credit investor. Trump’s unpredictable pronouncements and opposition to free-trade agreements have made the real estate mogul unpopular with many financiers, who fear that he could disrupt global trade and damage geopolitical relationships. The U.S. dollar sank and stocks plummeted as investors fled risky assets. S&P 500 index futures crashed. Joseph Peiffer, a lawyer who has represented investors and others in class-action lawsuits, cracked open a third bottle of wine, his “only in the case of an emergency” bottle, while watching the returns during an election night party he hosted for about 20 friends and family members in his hometown of New Orleans. “This seems like enough of an emergency to break it open,” he said. Trump’s pronouncements on the financial sector have perplexed Wall Street. On the one hand, he has pledged to dismantle much of the regulation put in place after the financial crisis, known as the Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform law. On the other hand, he has called for a “21st century” version of the 1933 Glass-Steagall law that required the separation of commercial and investment banking. Trump has not said what that version would entail other than saying that he would prioritize “helping African-American businesses get the credit they need.”  “Sometimes you hear him on the stump criticizing the banks,” Peiffer said. “Then his policy paper says he wants to deregulate the bank. The two things don’t jive. But who knows what he really thinks. And we won’t know that until he does it.” For Trump supporters who work on Wall Street, his victory is a vindication. “I’m very happy,” said Matthew Tyrmand, a private investor and contributor to the Breitbart News website, who was attending a Young Republicans party at a bar off Madison Avenue. Tyrmand, who had shorted stocks ahead of the election - a bet that stock prices will fall - said he had been called “delusional” for predicting a Trump win. Tyrmand said Trump would be good news for markets because he understands the benefit of letting businesses fail. He predicted equity markets would go through a prolonged correction before recovering. “We will be healthier long term,” he said. Around Tyrmand, other Trump supporters hugged one another, sang “God Bless America”, clinked glasses and called out “M-A-G-A!” - the acronym for Trump’s campaign slogan, “Make America Great Again.”  But in one corner of the bar, a man and a woman downed shots before starting on fresh pints of beer. Asked if the drinks were out of celebration or depression, the response was quick: “Depression,” the man said, declining to give his name. “But either way we drink” Matthew Farley, a lawyer with Drinker Biddle & Reath LLP in New York, said he had been warning friends and colleagues about an electoral upset for months.  “I told them that ... a significant portion of the country wanted someone to do a cannonball into the pool and mess up the status quo,” said Farley, who advises Wall Street brokerages on regulation and arbitration issues. “The cannonball party is not united. They’re progressives and conservatives, but they’re fed up with the status quo and all they know is that anything is better than what we got.” Trump supporter Steven Chiavarone, associate portfolio manager for Federated Global Investment Management Corp, a fund that invests in stocks, bonds and currencies globally, said the market gyrations should not be seen as a harbinger of doom. “The world doesn’t end. Assuming capitalism survives, you manage through the volatility and then find the opportunity.” ",1
7477,German justice minister says things will get more crazy after Trump win,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German Justice Minister Heiko Maas tweeted on Wednesday that the world would be a bit crazier after Donald Trump’s victory in the U.S. presidential election. “The world won’t end but it will get crazier,” tweeted the minister, a Social Democrat (SPD) in conservative Chancellor Angela Merkel’s right-left coalition. ",1
7478,Trump victory not isolated phenomenon: Belgian far right,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Belgium’s anti-Muslim and separatist Vlaams Belang (Flemish Interest) party congratulated future U.S. president Donald Trump on Wednesday, saying his unexpected election victory could be repeated in Europe.  “U.S. election shows again how far politicians are from the people,” said party chairman Tom Van Grieken in a tweet, with reference to Trump’s victory and Britain’s vote to leave the European Union. “The march of Trump is not an isolated phenomenon. In Europe too more and more voters want real change,” he said in a separate tweet. Vlaams Belang is in opposition at all levels of government in Belgium, though has risen to some 12 percent of support in the Dutch-speaking Flanders region in northern Belgium. ",1
7479,"Egypt's Sisi congratulates Trump, looks forward to new era of closer ties","CAIRO (Reuters) - Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi congratulated Donald Trump on Wednesday on his victory in the U.S. presidential election and said he hoped his election would unleash a new era of closer ties with Washington. “The Egyptian Arab Republic is looking forward to the period of Donald Trump’s presidency to imbue new spirit into the path of Egyptian-American ties with more cooperation and coordination in the interests of both the Egyptian and American people,” he said in a statement. ",1
7480,Russian parliament speaker says hopes for better ties with U.S.,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The speaker of Russia’s lower house of parliament said on Wednesday Moscow hoped for more constructive dialogue with the United States now that a new president had been elected, the TASS news agency reported. Vyacheslav Volodin, speaker of the State Duma and a close ally of President Vladimir Putin, said parliament would welcome any steps in these directions. ",1
7481,Malaysian PM says Trump appealed to Americans who want less foreign interference,"KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak congratulated U.S. president-elect Donald Trump on Wednesday, saying the Republican victor had appealed to Americans who wanted to see the United States less embroiled in intervention abroad. “His appeal to Americans who have been left behind – those who want to see their government more focused on their interests and welfare, and less embroiled in foreign interventions that proved to be against US interests – have won Mr Trump the White House,” Najib said in a statement. Najib said he looked forward to continuing a partnership with the United States under Trump’s presidency.  ",1
7482,Turkish foreign minister says to strengthen U.S. ties after Trump victory,ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu congratulated Donald Trump on his victory in the U.S. presidential election on Wednesday and said Ankara would strengthen its “trust-based relations and cooperation” with the United States. He made the comments on his Twitter account. ,1
7483,EU's Mogherini says EU-U.S. ties deeper than any change in politics,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini said on Wednesday that the European Union and the United States would continue to work together following Donald Trump’s election as U.S. president. “EU-U.S. ties are deeper than any change in politics. We’ll continue to work together, rediscovering the strength of Europe,” Mogherini, high representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy, said in a tweet. EU officials and diplomats said European governments may need to strengthen their own cooperation if a Trump administration pulls back from international commitments. ",1
7484,EU's Schulz says working with Trump will be 'harder',"PARIS (Reuters) - The election of Donald Trump as the United States’ 45th president will make work “harder” for the European Union, the European Parliament President Martin Schulz said on Wednesday. “It will be hard, harder than with previous administrations but he is the freely elected president,” Schulz said on Europe 1 radio. “We must respect the future president of the United States (...) I hope we will find a slot to cooperate,” he said. Republican Donald Trump stunned the world on Tuesday by defeating heavily favored Hillary Clinton in the race for the White House, ending eight years of Democratic rule. ",1
7485,Trump rewrote political playbook in successful White House bid,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Donald Trump’s successful campaign for the White House broke every tradition and upended the political establishment with the same bluster, hyperbole and media mastery that made him one of the world’s best-known businessmen. Trump told supporters at a rally early on Wednesday he had received a call from his Democratic rival Hillary Clinton  congratulating him on his victory. From his grand Trump Tower escalator entrance into the Republican presidential race on June 16, 2015, Trump managed to be simultaneously charismatic and combative, elitist and populist, lewd and pious as he drilled into a lode of polarity and anti-Washington anger among American voters. It was his first run for public office and Trump, a real-estate developer, reality television star and self-confessed owner of a big ego, called it a movement, not a campaign. He drew large, enthusiastic crowds to rallies where people cheered him for “just saying what everybody’s thinking.” Critics labeled him misogynistic, ill-informed, uncouth, unpresidential, a racist, a hypocrite, a demagogue and a sexual predator, all accusations he denied. It took Trump, 70, little more than 10 months to vanquish 16 other Republican candidates and win the party’s nomination, becoming the first major party nominee without government experience since General Dwight Eisenhower in the 1950s. He drew a record number of votes in primary contests but in so doing created a rift in the Republican Party. Then Trump squared off against Clinton, 69, in a race marked by controversies that included upheaval in his staff, charges he had groped women and unheeded demands that he release his tax records. He said that as president he would investigate Clinton for her use of email while secretary of state. He vowed to send her to jail. His campaign took a scandalous turn in October with the release of a 2005 video in which Trump, unaware he was being recorded, told a television entertainment reporter that he liked to kiss women without invitation and that, because he was rich and famous, he could grab them by the genitals with impunity. Trump dismissed the remarks as “locker room talk” and denied the subsequent accusations from more than 10 women who said he had groped them or made unwanted sexual advances. Throughout his campaign - and especially in his Republican convention speech in July - Trump described a dark America that had been knocked to its knees by China, Mexico, Russia and Islamic State. The American dream was dead, he said, smothered by malevolent business interests and corrupt politicians, and he said he alone could revive it. Trump said he would make America great again through the force of his personality, negotiating skill and business acumen. He offered vague plans to win economic concessions from China, to build a wall on the southern U.S. border to keep out undocumented immigrants and to make Mexico pay for it. He vowed to repeal Obamacare while being the “greatest jobs president that God ever created” and has proposed refusing entry to the United States of people from war-torn Middle Eastern nations, a modified version of an earlier proposed ban on Muslims. Trump promoted himself as the ultimate success story. He dated beautiful women, married three of them, had his own television show and erected skyscrapers that bore his name in big gold letters. Everything in his life was the greatest, the hugest, the classiest, the most successful, he said, even though critics assailed his experiences with bankruptcies, the failures of his Atlantic City, New Jersey, casinos and what they viewed as the misplaced pride he showed when presented with evidence he avoided paying taxes. Trump had flirted with presidential runs in the past and some initially saw his campaign as a vanity project meant to indulge his ego and burnish his brand. It was expected to be short-lived but as the election season progressed, he became the Republican front-runner, winning state nominating contests despite an unconventional campaign that relied on large-scale rallies and mostly ignored grass-roots work. His hired advisers came to realize there was only so much they could do to rein in Trump. His inner circle was dominated by his three oldest children - Donald Jr., Eric and Ivanka, along with Ivanka’s husband, Jared Kushner. The rise of Trump, once a registered Democrat, threatened to blow up the Republican Party. Its establishment challenged his commitment to their tenets and organized against him. Prominent Republicans - including former presidents George H.W. Bush and George W. Bush and congressional leaders - shunned him or offered lukewarm support. Trump used Twitter as a weapon, firing off insults and mockery at those who offended him, including “Crooked Hillary” and Republican rivals “Little Marco” Rubio, Jeb “Low Energy” Bush and “Lyin’ Ted” Cruz. Another target was the family of a Muslim U.S. Army captain who died fighting in Iraq after the soldier’s father had spoken against Trump at the Democratic National Convention. Trump sniped back for days despite his advisers urging him to move on. As of late October, The New York Times had counted 282 people and things he had insulted on Twitter since declaring his candidacy. The Trump candidacy was brimming with contradictions. The candidate who vowed to bring back jobs to the United States had his clothing line and campaign hats manufactured in foreign countries. The man who decried the corrupting power of money in politics boasted of having bought influence himself. Undocumented workers had been used on his building projects but as a candidate Trump vowed to ship illegal immigrants out of the country. He said no one respected women more than he did but even before the groping accusations emerged, he was branded a misogynist for making fun of the appearance of rival candidate Carly Fiorina and an apparent reference to the menstrual cycle of Fox News’ Megyn Kelly. Trump’s campaign trail demeanor seemed to draw from his experiences as host of “The Apprentice,” a reality TV show where he barked a crowd-pleasing “You’re fired!” at contestants who fell short in competitions. His speeches were often unscripted and featured boasts on everything from his money to his IQ. He peppered them with dubiously sourced declarations, misperceptions and false statements. He suggested that gun rights activists could act to stop Clinton from nominating liberal U.S. Supreme Court justices, a remark the Clinton campaign called dangerous. Trump boasted of a fortune he put at $10 billion, although in September Forbes magazine estimated it at $3.7 billion, making him the 156th richest American. Trump regularly made comments that would have doomed a more conventional candidate, such as when he said his supporters were so loyal that he could shoot someone on 5th Avenue in New York and not lose a single vote. In May he would draw accusations of racism for questioning the impartiality of a judge - born in the United States to Mexican immigrants - who was hearing a lawsuit against him. No other candidate referred to the size of his genitals during a debate. He was flattered when Russian President Vladimir Putin called him a “brilliant and talented leader.”     Trump mocked Senator John McCain, the Republicans’ presidential candidate in 2008, for having been captured during the Vietnam War and said he wanted to punch a protester in the face at a Trump rally. Trump was born to money on June 14, 1946, in the New York City borough of Queens, the fourth of five children of Fred Trump, who would become one of the city’s biggest developers and landlords, and his wife. It was Fred Trump who taught Donald the value of self-promotion and a killer instinct. By his own admission, Trump was not an easy child and in the eighth grade his parents sent him to the New York Military Academy in hopes of instilling needed discipline. Through student and medical deferments during the Vietnam War, Trump would never serve in the U.S. military but said the school gave him “more training militarily than a lot of the guys that go into the military.” After graduating from the University of Pennsylvania, Trump went to work for his father’s company, which focused on the outer New York City boroughs of Queens, Brooklyn and Staten Island and owned an estimated 15,000 apartments. In 1973 the Trumps were charged with racial bias in their rental practices before reaching a settlement with the U.S. government. With a $1 million loan from his father, Trump eventually went into business himself in Manhattan, where he became a regular at some of the city’s most exclusive clubs and developed a reputation as a ladies’ man. He soon made his mark with a series of real estate and development deals, including redoing an old hotel at New York’s Grand Central Terminal. In 1983 he opened his flagship, 58-story Trump Tower, which serves as both his primary residence and Trump Organization headquarters. More projects around the world would follow, including golf courses, the Mar-a-Lago private resort in Florida, New York’s venerable Plaza Hotel and casinos. Trump’s projects had mixed success. The flops included the real estate-oriented Trump University, Trump Mortgage, Trump Airlines and Trump Vodka but it was his experience with four casinos in Atlantic City, New Jersey, that took the golden luster off his empire. Timothy O’Brien, author of “TrumpNation: The Art of Being the Donald,” wrote that in the 1990s Trump was out of money and twice had to go to his siblings for loans. A former employee said the Trump Organization would have shut down if the family had not come through but Trump disputed that in his 1997 book “Trump: The Art of the Comeback.” While he never filed for personal bankruptcy, the downturn in the gaming industry sent parts of Trump’s corporate empire to bankruptcy court in 1991, 1992, 2004 and 2009. In the 2009 bankruptcy, the unsecured creditors received less than a penny on the dollar for their claim. Trump resigned as chairman four days before the filing. ",1
7486,"Trump's chance of victory skyrockets on betting exchanges, online market","NEW YORK (Reuters) - Online trading platform PredictIt and bookermaker Paddy Power showed a massive reversal of fortune for U.S. presidential candidates Republican Donald Trump and Democrat Hillary Clinton on Tuesday night, as the New York businessman’s chances of taking the White House skyrocketed on both. Trump stunned many political experts, showing a slight edge on Clinton in several swing states after voting had ended in more than two-thirds of the 50 U.S. states. Paddy Power put Trump’s chance of victory at 83.3 percent Tuesday and Clinton’s at 22.2 percent. The two had been in essentially opposite positions on Tuesday morning. The Irish bookmaker stands to take a $4 million hit if Trump wins, said Paddy Power spokesman Féilim Mac An Iomaire, who said the dramatic reversal in odds was reminiscent of what it saw in the “Brexit” vote for Britain to leave the European Union. “You could say it’s deja vu again,” said Mac An Iomaire. “Much like Brexit, it looked to be following the odds early on before a dramatic turnaround.” While opinion polls went back and forth leading into Britain’s June 23 referendum on whether or not to remain in the EU, betting odds favored the “remain” campaign. Britons voted to leave by 52 percent to 48 percent.  A similar trajectory played out on the online trading platform PredictIt, which was launched in 2014 and is jointly run by Victoria University in Wellington, New Zealand, and Washington-based political consulting firm Aristotle International Inc. Clinton led Trump in PredictIt’s market on who will win the White House throughout the campaign, but news of her Republican challenger’s surprise momentum sent her chance of winning the election plummeting roughly 75 percentage points from its level Tuesday morning to 5 percent. Trump’s chance, meanwhile, shot up more than 40 percentage points to around 65 percent.  It was the first time in the entire campaign that Trump had led Clinton on the platform, according to a PredictIt spokeswoman. British gambling company Ladbrokes had Trump’s chance of victory at roughly 85 percent Tuesday night, compared with 15 percent for Clinton. Ladbrokes had earlier in the day placed Clinton’s chance of victory at 76 percent and Trump’s at 24 percent, but company spokeswoman Jessica Bridge said the development “isn’t a surprise in the slightest,” given the high volume of trades made on Trump since the market opened in 2012. Roughly 75 percent of all bets in Ladbroke’s U.S. presidential wagering had been placed on Trump. ",1
7487,U.S. voters want leader to end advantage of rich and powerful: Reuters/Ipsos poll,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Americans who had cast their votes for the next president early on Tuesday appeared to be worried about the direction of the country, and were looking for a “strong leader who can take the country back from the rich and powerful,” according to an early reading from the Reuters/Ipsos national Election Day poll. The poll of more than 10,000 people who have already cast their ballots in the presidential election showed a majority of voters are worried about their ability to get ahead and have little confidence in political parties or the media to improve their situation. A majority also feel that the economy is rigged to mostly help the wealthy. The poll, which will be updated as additional responses are tallied and votes are counted throughout Tuesday, found: - 75 percent agree that “America needs a strong leader to take the country back from the rich and powerful.” - 72 percent agree “the American economy is rigged to advantage the rich and powerful.” - 68 percent agree that “traditional parties and politicians don’t care about people like me.” - 76 percent believe “the mainstream media is more interested in making money than telling the truth.” - 57 percent feel that “more and more, I don’t identify with what America has become.” - 54 percent feel “it is increasingly hard for someone like me to get ahead in America.” The Reuters/Ipsos online opinion poll was conducted on Election Day in English in all 50 states. It includes 10,604 Americans who have already cast their vote in the presidential election and has a credibility interval, a measure of accuracy, of 1 percentage point.   The poll also includes a variety of questions about the presidential race, which candidate people supported, and why. Those results will be published later in the evening, after most of the votes have been counted and state races have been called. ",1
7488,Colorado voters reject measure to create universal healthcare,"(Reuters) - Colorado voters rejected a ballot measure on Tuesday to create the nation’s first statewide universal health insurance program, according to local NBC News affiliate 9News. The proposition, called Amendment 69, would have created one of the most dramatic overhauls to a public healthcare system in U.S. history. Colorado’s 9News reported that the amendment was defeated on Tuesday night, after early results showed an overwhelming defeat. Dubbed ColoradoCare, the program would have been funded largely through a new 10 percent payroll tax increase intended to raise $25 billion in 2019, the first year the program could launch, according to the Colorado Health Institute. ColoradoCare was intended to greatly reduce the number of uninsured residents in the state, but opponents feared the tax hike and sweeping changes to public policy would ripple through the state’s economy. James Merilatt, 43, an unaffiliated voter who supported Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton in Tuesday’s election, said he opposed the single-payer healthcare measure. “It’s way too complicated and would have opened up a Pandora’s Box,” said Merilatt, who works in the publishing industry. ",1
7489,Republican Speaker Ryan re-elected to U.S. House from Wisconsin,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican Paul Ryan was re-elected to the U.S. House of Representatives by voters in his Wisconsin district on Tuesday, positioning him to reassert his claim to remain speaker of the House, the highest-ranking post in the U.S. Congress. The 2012 vice presidential nominee, if returned to the speaker’s chair by House members, may have a smaller Republican majority to work with if voters elect fewer Republicans. Most House races were still undecided. Like all members of the House, other Republicans were also running for re-election from their home districts, including House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy of California and House Majority Whip Steve Scalise of Louisiana. Along with Ryan, they were expected to seek re-election to their leadership posts. Closed-door leadership elections in both parties were expected to take place later in November. A new speaker will be elected by all members of Congress in January. Ryan, 46, has been speaker since October 2015. His re-election to that job is not certain. Some House conservatives have criticized him, and they may have a stronger hand after Tuesday’s voting. A number of Republican lawmakers were angered in October when Ryan said he would not campaign with or defend Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, who was in a closely fought race with Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton on Tuesday night. ",1
7490,"U.S. election largely peaceful, despite intimidation, glitches","WASHINGTON/PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - Voters and civil rights groups reported long lines, isolated cases of malfunctioning equipment and some harassment at polling places in Tuesday’s U.S. presidential election but fears of widespread violence at the polls did not materialize. Nationwide, civil rights groups logged unusual levels of voter intimidation complaints, receiving about 35,000 calls through a national voter complaint hotline as of Tuesday evening. Democratic Party officials, however, said they did not see systemic voter suppression efforts. Civil rights groups, who have enlisted 7,000 volunteers, said 40 percent of the calls they had received through the telephone hotline by early afternoon were from African-American and Latino voters. Complaints of voter intimidation were especially prevalent in Florida, Georgia, Ohio and Arizona with a disproportionate share coming from minority voters. “We are hearing more complaints about voter intimidation than we have in presidential cycles from prior years,” said Kristen Clarke, president of the Lawyers’ Committee for Civil Rights Under Law. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has repeatedly said the election would be “rigged” and called on his supporters to watch for signs of fraud in urban areas, raising fears they could clash with minority voters. Numerous studies have found that voter fraud is exceedingly rare in the United States. Absent on Tuesday were reports of the kind of hostile political displays, vandalism and violence that have cropped up regularly throughout the campaign. A polling station was locked down in Southern California after one person was killed and three wounded by gunfire but police saw no immediate indication the incident was linked to Election Day. But isolated reports of voter intimidation and harassment flooded the voter complaint hotline run by a coalition of civil rights groups throughout the day. An African-American voter called the hotline from Alabama’s Shelby County to report that a white poll worker had indicated she would have to wash her hands after handling the voter’s photo identification card.  Shelby County lawyers persuaded the U.S. Supreme Court in 2013 to strike down a key provision of the landmark Voting Rights Act requiring states with a history of voter discrimination to get federal clearance for changes to their election laws. Clarke said many voter complaints to the hotline came from states formerly covered by that provision. Some voters in Florida reported a heavy, unexplained police presence at several polling sites around the state. A group of students in the state were told their votes would not count because their college dormitory was considered a hotel.  In Ohio’s Franklin County, the hotline received complaints that Somali-American voters were told they would have to vote provisionally because their addresses did not match their identification cards - and then were told that the polling site had run out of provisional ballots. In Georgia’s DeKalb County, a group calling itself Defenders of Democracy was pressuring voters in line to fill out sample ballots and sign pledges that they would cast the same votes on the real ballot, according to reports received by the hotline. The federal government reduced its election monitoring program in the wake of a 2013 U.S. Supreme Court decision that weakened federal oversight of states with a history of racial discrimination. Revised voting laws and lengthy court battles in many states also have left voters uncertain about when and where they can cast their ballot and whether they will need to present photo identification.  A Nevada judge on Tuesday rejected a request from Trump for records from a Las Vegas polling place that his campaign said had improperly remained open last week to accommodate people who were lined up to vote. The judge agreed with a county attorney who argued that election officials already preserve records.  Malfunctioning machines dominated voter complaints out of Pennsylvania, Arizona, New York, North Carolina and Virginia. Trump cited reports that polling machines were switching votes for Republican candidates to votes for Democrats as cause for concern that the election outcome might not be valid, once again warning of a rigged system. Speaking to Fox News, Trump provided no evidence to support the allegations or say where polling machines were breaking down, although there were some problems in Pennsylvania. Voters in at least four Pennsylvania counties said touch-screen voting machines were mistakenly switching votes. State officials, however, said they did not believe any ballots had been wrongly counted as a result of the machine malfunctions. Pennsylvania is one of a handful of states that relies on electronic voting machines without a paper backup that would allow officials to double-check the outcome if it is challenged. The machines can record votes incorrectly if they are not calibrated properly, a problem that is magnified as the screens degrade with age.  But ES&S, the company that makes the machines, said voters have a chance to confirm their choices before they cast their ballot, making it impossible for the machine to flip a vote from one candidate to another. Local officials test machines to make sure they are calibrated properly before each election. The Philadelphia district attorney’s office, which monitors voting in the state’s largest city, said on Twitter it was not receiving any complaints out of the ordinary. Electronic voting rolls in Durham County, North Carolina, malfunctioned early on Tuesday, prompting the county to ask the state board of elections to extend voting hours in eight precincts until 9 p.m., an hour and a half later than they were supposed to be open. The state elections board on Tuesday evening agreed to extend voting hours in the precincts by between 20 and 60 minutes. ",1
7491,Voting extended in North Carolina but not in Colorado after court requests,"WINSTON-SALEM, N.C./NEW YORK (Reuters) - North Carolina extended voting times in several precincts during Tuesday’s  presidential election but Colorado rejected a bid to keep polls open longer after both states experienced problems with electronic voting systems. In North Carolina, advocates including the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People had urged the state to extend voting time in eight Durham County precincts until 9 p.m. EST, an hour and a half past normal closing time. Instead, the state board extended voting time by an hour in two precincts and less than that in the other six. In Colorado, the Democratic Party filed a petition in the Denver County District Court to extend voting for two additional hours after service failures in the state’s electronic voting system in some polling places. A judge denied the request and said polls would close at 7 p.m. CST as scheduled. Colorado and North Carolina are both crucial battlegrounds in the U.S. presidential election between Republican Donald Trump and Democrat Hillary Clinton. The Colorado Secretary of State office had opposed the extension of voting hours. “This outage didn’t stop anyone from voting. We have had two weeks of voting and everyone got a ballot,” Lynn Bartels, a spokeswoman for the office, said on Twitter. She said anyone still in line when polls closed would have an opportunity to cast their ballot. The Reverend William Barber, president of the NAACP in North Carolina, told members of the State Board of Elections on a conference call Tuesday evening that their refusal to extend voting hours as long as requested by local elections officials was “deeply concerning.” The problem in North Carolina involved the electronic poll books used to check in voters in some precincts. At one precinct where voting was extended for 60 minutes, election officials reported there had been up to a two-hour period earlier in the day where no voting took place. “We’ve fought too much voter suppression in this state over and over again,” Barber said. Patrick Gannon, spokesman for the North Carolina State Board of Elections, said voting was extended in just a handful of the state’s 2,704 precincts. The election board is made up of three Republicans and two Democrats. ",1
7492,Clinton campaign reached 25 percent of U.S. voters: Reuters/Ipsos poll,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Americans voting in Tuesday’s presidential election were far more likely to have been contacted by Democrat Hillary Clinton’s campaign than Republican Donald Trump’s, according to an early reading from the Reuters/Ipsos Election Day poll. Some 25 percent of American voters said someone from the Clinton campaign either called them or talked to them in person about coming out to vote, while 17 percent said the same about the Trump campaign, according to the survey of about 38,000 people who had cast a ballot. Clinton far outspent Trump during the race for the White House, setting up a sprawling campaign team that included hundreds of paid staff. Four years ago, the get-out-the-vote operations were much more competitive. On Election Day 2012, some 28 percent of voters said that they were contacted by the re-election campaign of President Barack Obama, while 25 percent said they were contacted by his Republican challenger Mitt Romney’s camp. Tuesday’s poll reading will be updated as more poll responses are tallied and more votes are counted across the country. ",1
7493,Colorado judge rejects request to extend voting time in state,"(Reuters) - A Colorado judge rejected a request to extend voting time in the state past 7 p.m. despite an earlier computer glitch, according to a tweet from the mayor of Denver’s office of emergency management.  ",1
7494,Two-thirds of U.S. voters say they back some gun control: Reuters/Ipsos poll,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Two-thirds of Americans voting in Tuesday’s presidential election favor moderate or strong gun control measures, according to an early reading from the Reuters/Ipsos Election Day poll, up from 59 percent who said so in 2012. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has been a vocal opponent of increased limits on American gun ownership, while Democrat Hillary Clinton has advocated for an assault weapons ban and comprehensive background checks on would-be gun owners, following a slew of deadly mass shootings in the United States. The Reuters/Ipsos Election Day poll was conducted online in English in all 50 states and included about 38,000 people who had already voted in the presidential election. The poll reading will be updated as more poll responses are tallied and more votes counted across the country. The survey found that Americans’ views on abortion – another divisive issue in American politics - has not changed significantly since 2012, with 39 percent of voters saying it should be illegal. Trump opposes abortion and has said it should be punished while Clinton believes it should remain legal. ",1
7495,Trump on accepting election results: 'see how things play out',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump said on Tuesday he would have to “see how things play out” before accepting the election results, pointing to possible irregularities as he again warned of a rigged political system. Local media reported that voters in several counties in Pennsylvania had reported that touch-screen voting machines had not been recording their ballots correctly.  “We’re going to see how things play out today. Hopefully they’ll play out well and hopefully we won’t have to worry about it, meaning hopefully we’ll win,” Trump said in a telephone interview on Fox News. “I want to see everything honest.” Pennsylvania is one of a handful of states that rely on electronic voting machines without a paper backup that allows officials to double-check the outcome, if challenged. The machines can record votes incorrectly if they are not calibrated properly, a problem that is magnified as the screens degrade with age. The Pennsylvania Secretary of State’s office did not immediately return a call seeking comment. Trump’s campaign also sued election officials in Nevada, arguing they violated state law by allowing voters during early voting on Friday to line up to cast ballots at a Las Vegas polling location after the time when polls were supposed to close. A Nevada judge on Tuesday rejected Trump’s request for records from the polling site. Nevada state law says voters who are in line when the polls close must be allowed to cast their ballots. At a court hearing in Las Vegas on Tuesday, a county attorney argued that election officials already preserve records.  ",1
7496,Economy tops list of worries facing American voters: Reuters/Ipsos,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The economy, terrorism and healthcare ranked as the top three concerns facing Americans casting ballots in Tuesday’s presidential election, according to an early reading from the Reuters/Ipsos Election Day poll. The poll of about 35,000 people found that 25 percent of voters picked the economy as the “most important problem.”. Another 14 percent named “terrorism/terrorist attacks” and 13 percent picked healthcare. By contrast, the economy was the No. 1 concern for 46 percent of American voters in 2012, according to the Reuters/Ipsos national tracking poll four years ago. Almost nobody listed terrorism as a top concern in 2012, and 8 percent listed healthcare as the top worry. A signature Trump issue, immigration, was chosen by 7 percent of voters as the most important issue in Tuesday’s poll. The poll reading will be updated as more poll responses are tallied and more votes are counted across the country. ",1
7497,"More first-time voters, late-deciders in U.S. presidential race: Reuters/Ipsos","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Some 15 percent of Americans who cast a ballot on Tuesday said it was their first time voting in a presidential election, according to an early reading from the Reuters/Ipsos national Election Day poll, up from 9 percent of voters who said so in 2012. The poll of nearly 35,000 people also showed that 13 percent of voters had waited until the final week of the presidential race to make up their mind between the candidates, who include Democrat Hillary Clinton and Republican Donald Trump, up from 9 percent who said so in 2012. The Federal Bureau of Investigation announced in late October that it was looking at more emails connected to its investigation of Clinton’s use of a personal email server while secretary of state. FBI Director James Comey later said that the new trove of emails did not affect his earlier decision to not bring a criminal case against Clinton. ",1
7498,Factbox: State-by-state poll closing times for U.S. election,"(Reuters) - The following table lists each state’s poll closing time for the U.S. presidential election. Times are shown in U.S. eastern standard time (US EST), Greenwich mean time (GMT), Singapore time and Tokyo time. Several states have two poll closing times because the state straddles two U.S. time zones. In addition, the number of electoral votes (EV) for each state is listed next to its name. To see a map of poll closing times click:  tmsnrt.rs/2eZtIEy ",1
7499,Nevada judge rejects Trump request for order over early voting,"(Reuters) - A Nevada judge on Tuesday rejected Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump’s request for records from a Las Vegas polling place that the campaign said had allowed people to vote after a deadline last week. Trump and Democratic rival Hillary Clinton are in a close contest for Nevada’s six electoral votes in Tuesday’s election after a long and contentious campaign. Nevada is one of several states that permits early voting, and Las Vegas is viewed as a base of support for Clinton. Nevada state law says voters who are in line at 8 p.m., when the polls close, must be allowed to cast their ballots. Trump’s lawsuit, filed in a Nevada state court on Monday, said election officials violated state law because they allowed people to join the line after 8 p.m. at a polling location at a Latino market during last week’s early voting period.  Trump, a New York businessman and reality TV personality who had never previously run for political office, said last month that he might not accept the outcome of the national election if he thinks it is unfair. “Today may be the last time that ordinary citizens are able to stand up and say ‘No’ to an overreaching, unaccountable government controlled by a ruling establishment,” Charles Munoz, the Nevada state director for Trump’s campaign, said in a statement after the ruling.  The suit had asked the court to order officials to preserve various records from the Cardenas Market and to segregate ballots from the voting machines at issue.  At a court hearing in Las Vegas on Tuesday, a county attorney argued that election officials already preserve records. Sturman agreed, saying she did not want to issue an order that could help reveal which candidates were chosen by particular voters.  The Trump campaign also asked for information about poll workers on duty at the market, and Sturman said she was concerned they might face threats for helping people vote. “Have you watched Twitter? Do you watch any cable news shows? People can get information and harass them,” the judge said. Clinton spokesman Glen Caplin said the campaign was pleased by the ruling. He described Trump’s suit as “a desperate response to the record turnout we’re seeing in Nevada and across the country.” Dan Kulin, a spokesman for the Clark County Office of Public Communications, said that when early voting was taking place on Friday “most if not all” polling places had lines at the time they were scheduled to close.  “As has been our practice for many, many years, those early voting locations continued processing voters until the lines were gone,” Kulin said. ",1
7500,Former President George W. Bush does not cast vote for president,"AUSTIN, Texas (Reuters) - Former Republican President George W. Bush and his wife, Laura, did not cast a vote for U.S. president on Tuesday but did vote for Republicans in down-ballot races, a spokesman for Bush said. “They voted ‘None of the Above’ for president,” Freddy Ford said in an email about the couple, who now live in Dallas.  In a break from custom, neither George W. Bush, president from 2001 to 2009, nor his father, former Republican President George H.W. Bush, endorsed the Republican nominee for president, New York businessman Donald Trump. Jeb Bush, the younger brother of George W. Bush and the son of George H.W. Bush, ran against Trump in the acrimonious and insult-laced Republican nominating contest this year. ",1
7501,Infrastructure would be popular bipartisan step for Clinton: Hennessey,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Democrat Hillary Clinton as president will have no policy mandate, even if elected by a wide margin, and would be wise to court Congress for an easy win on a big-dollar infrastructure bill, an economic aide to former Republican President George W. Bush said. Keith Hennessey, a former director of the White House National Economic Council and now professor at the Stanford Graduate Business School, joined the Global Markets Forum on Tuesday as Americans voted on a new president for the next four years. Clinton led Republican candidate Donald Trump, 44 percent to 39 percent, in the last Reuters/Ipsos national tracking poll before Election Day. Here are excerpts from the conversation with Hennessey. Question: You see Hillary Clinton possibly scoring an outsized victory over Donald Trump in Electoral College votes. So why wouldn’t that be a mandate for her policies? Answer: I’m sure her team will want to claim a mandate, especially if the (Electoral College vote) is high. But this has been a near-zero policy election, so it’s super hard to make that case with a straight face. Q: There is wide agreement America needs to spend much more on highways, transport, airports and other fundamentals of modern society. How should a President Clinton go about securing that? A: She makes phone calls to (Congressional Republican leaders Paul) Ryan and (Mitch) McConnell. She invites our members to the White House to meet her. She engages with them, asks them what’s important to them, and listens. She could do an infrastructure bill first. That has potential to be an easy bipartisan win. Q: What do you expect Clinton’s economic agenda to look like? A: She has taken an Obama-like position on debt: I’m not prioritizing decreasing it, I’m not prioritizing slowing the growth of it. But I’m going to “pay for” all my new spending so my new proposals won’t make the current policy path worse. If Clinton wins the White House, I expect at most only relative modest moves on fiscal policy (probably +/- <= 1% of GDP in the short run). Nothing like the 2009 initial Obama fiscal stimulus. If that’s right, I assume the Fed stays on its current track on monetary policy. ",1
7502,Illinois abuse victim's lawsuit against ex-U.S. House speaker to proceed,"CHICAGO (Reuters) - A sexual abuse victim will continue to try to collect $1.8 million from former U.S. House Speaker Dennis Hastert, the victim’s attorney said on Tuesday, after an Illinois judge denied Hastert’s motion to dismiss a breach-of-contract lawsuit.  The plaintiff, identified in court documents as James Doe, claims that Hastert agreed to pay him $3.5 million as compensation for decades of pain and suffering caused by Hastert’s sexual abuse. Hastert, 74, the longest-serving Republican U.S. House speaker in history, pleaded guilty last year to the crime of structuring, which involves withdrawing a large sum of money in small increments to avoid detection. Hastert has not been charged with or convicted of sex abuse due to the statute of limitations, but at his sentencing hearing in April, he admitted to sexual abuse of boys when he was a high school teacher and coach in his hometown of Yorkville, around 50 miles (80 km) southwest of Chicago.  Hastert was sentenced to 15 months in federal prison, followed by two years of probation and sex-offender treatment.  He is serving his sentence in the Federal Medical Center in Rochester, Minnesota. Doe filed the lawsuit in Kendall County Circuit Court in northeastern Illinois in April, claiming Hastert owes him the unpaid portion of a $3.5 million deal they verbally agreed to in 2008.  “There is no public policy against an abuser agreeing to compensate his victim and the victim seeking to enforce that commitment to compensate him,” Kristi Browne, Doe’s attorney, said in a statement on Tuesday.  “We will proceed now to prove our claim by seeking documents from Mr. Hastert and others and taking his deposition.” Judge Robert Pilmer rejected Hastert’s motion to have the case dismissed on Monday and the decision was disclosed on  Tuesday, according to court documents. The plaintiff had established a basis for a “claim for contract,” Pilmer wrote in his order.  Hastert’s attorney did not immediately respond to request for comment.  Hastert’s attorney sought dismissal because the contract was not in writing, saying it would be void because Doe broke confidentiality by speaking about it, according to court documents  Doe said he was 14 when he was molested by Hastert, a trusted family friend, high school teacher and “beloved coach” of the state champion wrestling team in the town of Yorkville, Illinois, according to court documents. The next hearing in the contract case is scheduled for Jan. 18. ",1
7503,"Democrats, civil rights groups disagree over levels of voter complaints","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democratic Party officials said they were not seeing concerted, systemic voter suppression efforts on Tuesday as Americans continued to cast ballots in the tightly contested U.S. presidential election pitting Republican Donald Trump against Democrat Hillary Clinton. But civil rights groups reported higher levels of voter intimidation complaints than in prior presidential elections, based on more than 20,000 calls they had received from around the country to a voter complaint hotline as of Tuesday afternoon. ",1
7504,Pennsylvania glitches did not cause ballots to be miscounted: officials,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Election officials in three Pennsylvania counties said they believed no ballots had been wrongly counted as a result of computer malfunctions, despite reports on Tuesday that touch-screen voting machines in the state were switching votes. Officials in Cumberland, Perry and Butler Counties in Pennsylvania told Reuters that they had no reason to believe the mistakes were affecting voters from one party more than the other, and that voters were catching the mistakes on “review screens” before their ballots were cast. ",1
7505,Assange says WikiLeaks not trying to influence U.S. election,"LISBON (Reuters) - Wikileaks founder Julian Assange said on Tuesday the group’s publication of material linked to Hillary Clinton was not based on any desire to influence the U.S. election. “In recent months, WikiLeaks and I personally have come under enormous pressure to stop publishing what the Clinton campaign says about itself to itself,” Assange said in a statement released by his legal adviser at the Web Summit, a tech conference in Lisbon. “This is not due to a personal desire to influence the outcome of the election.” WikiLeaks has in the past few months published thousands of emails hacked from John Podesta, Democrat candidate Clinton’s campaign manager.  Assange said Wikileaks had obtained no inside information about Republican candidate Donald Trump. “We cannot publish what we do not have,” he said. “We are seen as domain experts on Clinton archives. So it is natural that Clinton sources come to us,” Assange said. “No-one disputes the public importance of these publications,” he added. “It would be unconscionable for WikiLeaks to withhold such an archive from the public during an election.” Assange said WikiLeaks would continue to publish sensitive information regardless of who wins the U.S. election. “The Democratic and Republican candidates have both expressed hostility towards whistleblowers,” he said. Assange has been living in Ecuador’s London embassy since mid-2012. A few weeks ago Ecuador’s government acknowledged it had restricted his Internet access, arousing speculation it had been pressured by the United States because of the Clinton material. ",1
7506,Factbox: Clean energy faces vote in four state ballot initiatives,"(Reuters) - In addition to picking the next U.S. president on Tuesday, voters in four states will decide on ballot initiatives related to energy and the environment. The results of the initiatives could offer a gauge of Americans’ feelings about managing carbon dioxide emissions, regulating solar power, and handling local opposition to hydraulic fracturing. Here are descriptions of the various initiatives: Washington state voters will decide whether to adopt a measure to create the country’s first carbon tax. Initiative 732 would slap a $15 price tag on a ton of carbon for utilities and refiners in 2017, with the price rising gradually each year until it reaches $100. The tax would be revenue neutral: money raised would replace old revenue from sales and business taxes. Supporters say the tax would bring down emissions without burdening state residents. But the measure has brought together unlikely allies from industry groups who say it would hurt businesses’ bottom lines and environmental organizations like the Sierra Club who say it does not create new revenue to invest in clean energy and mass transit. Other groups argue it could hurt lower-income communities. Florida’s electric utilities have sponsored a measure that could affect how the state regulates private use of solar energy. A confusingly worded Amendment 1 would alter the state’s constitution to protect the right to own or lease solar equipment, while also ensuring that electricity consumers who do not use solar energy “are not required to subsidize the costs of back-up power and electric grid access to those who do.” Supporters say it enshrines the rights of solar users, but opponents say it is a sneaky way of letting the state block ‘net metering,’ in which a solar user can sell unused energy on the grid at market value. Floridians for Solar Choice say the measure would “choke off” the state’s nascent rooftop solar industry. Colorado voters will vote on a measure that would make it harder to change the state’s constitution by requiring broad support across all state districts for signatories to petitions and a higher percentage threshold  to be approved.  Opponents of hydraulic fracturing, an oil and gas drilling technique they say causes water pollution, claim Amendment 71 would make it harder for local communities to block fracking projects. The amendment was written and funded by oil and gas industry groups but does not directly address the controversial practice. Colorado is one of several U.S. states that has seen a surge in fracking in recent years. Scores of towns across the country, including several in Colorado, have tried to ban it. Nevada voters will decide whether to open up the state’s energy market to competition by giving consumers the option to decide where they buy their power. The measure comes after state regulators last year approved a rate increase for customers with rooftop solar panels, causing solar companies to lay off workers. Currently, Nevada law allows investor-owned utility companies to be monopolies in their service territories. Supported by environmentalists as well as electric carmaker Tesla, MGM Resorts and other companies, the measure would let consumers choose an energy provider and sell the solar electricity they generate themselves. Big companies that want to leave the grid can do so by paying hefty penalties to state regulators. If passed, the measure would direct the Nevada Legislature to pass legislation to create an open, competitive electricity market by mid-2023. ",1
7507,"Trump or Clinton? Israelis fret, but either is a likely ally","JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Most of the world follows U.S. presidential elections closely, but Israel can seem particularly obsessive, endlessly assessing which candidate will better protect its interests and breaking down their every comment for policy clues. As America votes on Tuesday, a cartoon in the left-leaning Israeli newspaper Haaretz captured a sense of that fretfulness, depicting friends sitting outside a typical falafel stand and discussing in nerdy detail how the ballot will turn out.  “There’s no way he’d lose Utah and Arizona, and you can’t count on North Carolina,” one says to the other. “They’d need to win Pennsylvania and hopefully Florida,” the other replies. The fact is, despite all the nervous introspection, both Democrat candidate Hillary Clinton and Republican Donald Trump are likely to be reliable for Israel, continuing the broad policy mix U.S. presidents have pursued since the 1980s.  It’s the Palestinians who may have more to worry about. Over the past four years, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has had a fractious relationship with Barack Obama, openly campaigning against the U.S. deal on Iran’s nuclear program, including condemning it in a speech to Congress. But ultimately that did not stand in the way of the Obama administration’s agreeing a new, $38 billion, 10-year military aid package for Israel. And while the U.S. president has criticized Israel for building more settlements on land the Palestinians seek for their own state, the censure has never gone beyond words, essentially leaving Israel free to build. Analysts say that standoff-ish approach is likely to continue whether Clinton or Trump becomes president, and there are other reasons for Israel to expect a warmer embrace from the next administration than it has had from Obama. Netanyahu has been careful not to show favoritism, meeting both candidates and saying much the same thing afterwards. Clinton, a former New York senator and U.S. secretary of state, has repeatedly emphasized that she will protect Israel’s interests. Trump has said he will move the U.S. embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, a popular line that would all but enshrine Jerusalem as the country’s capital. “We enjoy and appreciate the strong bipartisan support we get,” said Lior Weintraub, vice-president of The Israel Project, a pro-Israel lobby group, and a former chief of staff at the Israeli embassy in Washington, DC. “We believe either president will continue the tradition of the many presidents from both sides of the aisle of fostering the alliance on every front, from security to culture.” While polls show most Israelis favor Clinton, Trump has a hard-core following among some national-religious Israelis, many of whom are originally from the United States. When it comes to policy, Israeli analysts see Clinton as having a better handle on the issues, and the people who are likely to handle the Middle East if she is elected are more familiar faces than those in Trump’s circle.  The question is what it may mean for the Palestinians. With deep internal divisions and little prospect of a resumption of peace talks with Israel, Palestinian observers believe neither candidate has their best interests at heart. “Either of them will maintain the U.S. commitment to aid Israel, the two have publicly angered the Palestinians in electoral speeches,” said analyst Hani Habib. “The only difference was that Trump promised to move the U.S. ambassador to Jerusalem while Clinton kept silent. “Any betting on either of them is a losing bet,” he said. (This version of the story was refiled to restore the dropped word ‘will’ in paragraph two) ",1
7508,"Tiger tips Clinton, bear backs Trump in Siberian zoo's mock vote","(Reuters) - A tiger and polar bear in a Siberian zoo made contrasting  predictions of the outcome of Tuesday’s U.S. election when invited to choose between pumpkins representing Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump. Female tiger Yunona favored a pumpkin carved with the image of Clinton, the Democratic nominee, while polar bear Felix opted after some deliberation for one bearing the name of Republican candidate Trump. The Royev Ruchey Zoo in Krasnoyarsk, which released a video of the two, said the animals faced a tough choice as the pumpkins had been filled with fresh meat and fish, both favorite treats with Yunona and Felix.    ",1
7509,"Asia sees changed U.S. relationship, whoever wins","TOKYO/JAKARTA (Reuters) - Win or lose, Donald Trump’s campaign has changed the way countries in Asia view their relationships with Washington. Final polling suggests the most likely outcome is a victory for Hillary Clinton. But even Clinton, an architect of the U.S. strategic pivot to Asia, has some work ahead of her in rebuilding trust, analysts and former officials in Asia said. “With or without Trump, this marks the end of U.S. leadership, in particular, moral leadership,” said a former Japanese diplomat, who asked not to be identified because of the sensitivity of the topic. “I don’t think it’s a question of Trump as an individual, but a question of the U.S. society that produced this man as the Republican candidate.” Trump upended U.S. democratic traditions during his White House campaign, drawing enthusiastic crowds where people cheered his often provocative and outrageous remarks. Critics labeled him ignorant, uncouth, a racist, hypocrite, demagogue and a sexual predator, all accusations he denied.  He described a dark America, knocked to its knees by China, Mexico and the Islamic state.  Trump’s harnessing of a populist backlash against immigration and global trade has challenged the ideal of benevolent American power that helped shape the global economy - and the forces of globalization - since the fall of the Soviet Union in the early 1990s. Now the United States faces a rising China, long an economic force and now becoming more assertive in geopolitics -  building its military capability and ignoring an international tribunal’s ruling against its claims to most of the South China Sea. TRANS-PACIFIC PARTNERSHIP  Asia is most worried about trade protectionism - exports make up a quarter of Asia’s GDP and a fifth of them go to the United States. The Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal, championed by Barack Obama in part to increase U.S. influence in Asia, was to be an essential feature of Washington’s strategic pivot to Asia - an “economic NATO”.   It now looks dead in the water. Both Clinton and Trump oppose the deal, which would set up a free trade zone among 12 countries that excludes China. Former Indonesian finance minister Chatib Basri told Reuters the TPP “is an important instrument for the U.S. pivot to Asia”. “There is some kind of a rivalry between America and China, and the way America can get into Asia is with TPP,” said Basri,  now a visiting professor at Australian National University. With U.S. allies such as Japan, South Korea, Taiwan and Singapore among the biggest winners of an open trade regime, a more isolationist and protectionist stance will cost Washington influence in Asia.  Ironically, it would be China, the subject of many of Trump’s tirades, that could emerge the big winner as uncertainty over Washington’s future commitment to Asia pushes countries into dealing more closely with Beijing. “If the U.S. pulls out of TPP, that will certainly increase China’s influence in Asia,” said Kanti Bajpai, Professor of Asian Studies at the Lee Kuan Yew School of Public Policy in Singapore. “Already, U.S. criticism of domestic issues in Thailand, the Philippines, and Malaysia has alienated those countries and caused them to lean towards Beijing. Pulling out of the TPP will help China geopolitically.”       Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has been particularly hostile towards Washington over its criticism of his lethal anti-drugs campaign, announcing a “separation” from the United States during last month’s visit to China. Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak came back from a visit to China last week with $34 billion worth of deals and an agreement to buy four Chinese naval vessels.        China has long been in Trump’s sights, with promises to declare it a currency manipulator and impose punitive tariffs on imports. But any such moves could also hurt Asian exporters who ship components there for assembly and export to the United States, at a time when global trade is already weakening. Gareth Leather, senior Asia economist at Capital Economics, said the Philippines, Taiwan and South Korea were the emerging Asia economies most vulnerable to a Trump presidency. “Perhaps the biggest risk to the region’s economies, however, stems not from Trump’s trade policies, but from his foreign policy,” Leather said. Trump has created doubts over his commitment to security alliances, suggesting Japan and South Korea need to pay more for a U.S. military presence and that they should even develop their own nuclear capability to counter China and North Korea. Clinton, who was secretary of state when the Obama administration launched its Asia pivot, is expected to maintain Obama’s foreign policy, with some seeing her as being more hawkish. The divisive U.S. presidential campaign has already done a lot of damage to the reputation of the United States in Asia, regardless of the election outcome, according to some analysts. “The broader question is whether the United States can assert global leadership,” said Jesper Koll, CEO at fund manager WisdomTree Japan.  “All my Chinese friends say, ‘We thought we would run the world in 20 years. Now it’s going to be in January’. This is not a joke. It’s the natural state of development,” Koll said  ",1
7510,Russia to bar U.S. diplomats from monitoring its elections: RIA,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Russian Foreign Ministry has sent a diplomatic note to the U.S. authorities telling them that U.S. diplomats will not be allowed to conduct monitoring of future Russian elections, the RIA news agency cited a senior Russian official as saying. The move was Russia’s response to what it says was U.S. obstruction of Russian diplomats seeking to monitor Tuesday’s U.S. presidential election for possible violations, RIA quoted Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov as saying. ",1
7511,Hate speech seeps into U.S. mainstream amid bitter campaign,"KOKOMO, Indiana (Reuters) - The lettering is crude, scrawled in black spray paint on the sidewalk in front of Karen Peters’ neatly kept home in the quiet, working class neighborhood where she’s lived most of her life. But the contempt is clear.     “KKK Bitch.”     The racially charged graffiti appeared in mid-October on cars, homes and telephone poles in the small city of Kokomo, Indiana. Many victims, like Peters, were African American, though some were not. Many also had lawn signs for Democratic candidates in this week’s presidential election, and the signs at several homes were painted over with the Ku Klux Klan’s notorious initials.     “I think it’s a political thing; it’s getting out of hand,” said Peters, who believes the heated tenor of the presidential campaign – and especially the aggressive, nativist rhetoric of Republican candidate Donald Trump – has emboldened extremists.     “When you have (candidates) saying ignorant things, maybe other people think it’s ok to do this stuff, and that’s pretty doggone sad ... It seems like our country is going backwards.”     Police have no suspects in the attacks. Democrats, including the mayor and local party officials, believe they were politically motivated. Local Republicans are skeptical, suggesting the damage is the work of ignorant hooligans with no place in the party.          Across the United States, the inflammatory and confrontational tone of political rhetoric is creeping into public discourse and polarizing the electorate.     It’s hard to quantify the impact; there is no national data that tracks politically motivated crimes or incendiary speech.  However, the percentage of voters who believe insulting political opponents is “sometimes fair game” has climbed over the campaign season, from 30 percent in March to 43 percent in October, according to surveys by the non-partisan Pew Research Center. A majority of voters for both parties have “very unfavorable” views of the other party – a first since Pew began asking the question in 1992 – and trust in government is hovering near all-time lows. “These indicators reflect inter-group tensions that can translate into everything from coarse discourse or low levels of aggression all the way up to extremist acts,” said Brian Levin, director of the Center for the Study of Hate and Extremism at California State University.      While much of the venom has been aimed at immigrants, African Americans and other groups typically aligned with Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, Republicans also have faced vitriol and hostility. Much of the debate over extremism has focused on the so-called Alt-Right, a loose-knit movement of white nationalists, anti-Semites and immigration foes that has emerged from the political shadows to align itself with the Trump campaign.      Trump’s vows to build a wall on the Mexican border, deport millions of illegal immigrants and scrutinize Muslims for ties to terrorism have energized the Alt-Right community.  Such rhetoric has helped legitimize the Alt-Right’s concerns about an erosion of the country’s white, Christian majority, said Michael Hill, a self-described white supremacist, anti-Semite and xenophobe who heads the League of the South, a “Southern Nationalist” group dedicated to creating an independent “white man’s land.”     “The general political climate that sort of surrounds his campaign has been very fruitful, not only for us, but for other right-wing groups,” Hill said.     Similar nationalist undercurrents have stirred other countries, from Russia to Japan to Britain. Last summer, as Britain’s debate over leaving the European Union reached a fever pitch, Jo Cox, a pro-EU lawmaker, was shot and stabbed in the street. Murder suspect Thomas Mair proclaimed “death to traitors, freedom for Britain.”     In the United States, reports of hostile political displays, vandalism and violence are cropping up regularly.  In Mississippi, a black church was burned and painted with “Vote Trump.” In North Carolina, a county Republican office was set ablaze last month and a nearby building spray painted with “Nazi Republicans leave town.” In Ohio, a truck load of manure was dumped at a Democratic campaign office. In Utah, a man displaying Trump yard signs found KKK graffiti on his car. In Wisconsin, a fan at a college football game wore a President Barack Obama mask with a noose on his neck.  Neither the Trump nor the Clinton campaigns responded to requests for comment.     Trump’s positions are consistent with the Alt-Right goal of “slowing the dispossession of whites,” said Jared Taylor, a white nationalist whose website, American Renaissance, is a movement favorite. But the media is over-hyping his support within the Alt-Right “in an attempt to discredit him,” Taylor added.     Trump has been criticized by both Democrats and some Republicans for being slow to condemn the more extreme elements of the political right. But when a leading KKK newspaper ran a pro-Trump story on its front page last week, his campaign immediately issued a statement rejecting the “repulsive” article.     Taylor, Hill and other Alt-Right figures say they don’t advocate or condone vandalism or violence. They dismiss the notion that their rhetoric constitutes hate speech, arguing that their vilification by the left is far more hateful.     Left-wing extremists do have a history of aggressive confrontation with people or groups seen as fascist or racist, says Heidi Beirich, of the Southern Poverty Law Center, an organization that monitors extremist movements. “There’s usually more violence from the anti-racists than the racists,” she said. The free speech provisions of the U.S. Constitution’s First Amendment grant broad protections for inflammatory rhetoric. But state and federal statutes do give law enforcement agencies authority to investigate and prosecute “hate crimes” motivated by bias against a race, ethnicity, religion, disability or sexual orientation.     A 6 percent increase in hate crimes documented last year by the California State University researchers showed relatively little underlying change in attacks against most minority groups. But crimes against Muslims rose 86 percent. Some who study and work in the political arena believe there has been a general erosion in civility that began long before the start of the current presidential race. Craig Dunn, Republican party chairman for Howard County, Indiana, which includes Kokomo, says that a minority of extreme voices are being amplified over the Internet and social media, fueling “a general breakdown in civility.”     Local officials worry about how their community is being affected. “The atmosphere is “more volatile, there’s more tension,” said Kokomo Mayor Greg Goodnight, a Democrat. The graffiti attacks were deeply troubling, he adds. “I don’t remember anything like this ever happening here.” Monica Fowler, 43, who had “KKK” sprayed on her Democratic yard signs, is struggling with the attacks. “It’s okay to disagree,” she says. “But if what you’re doing is going to scare or harm another person, how dare you.” (This story corrects in the ninth paragraph to state that trust, not distrust, in government is near all-time lows Note: paragraph 2 contains language that may offend some readers) ",1
7512,Mexicans on U.S. border fear economic catastrophe if Trump wins,"TIJUANA/NOGALES, Mexico (Reuters) - Mexicans on the U.S. border anxiously awaited the outcome of the U.S. presidential election on Tuesday, plagued by fears of economic disaster if Republican Donald Trump wins and tries to choke local industry, isolate the country and deport millions. Trump’s campaign has been one of the most unpopular in living memory in Mexico, ranging from stinging verbal attacks on its migrants, threats against its trade agreements, to his repeated vows to seal off the country behind a huge border wall that he insists Mexico will pay for. Nowhere has the bad-tempered contest been felt more acutely than in the Mexican cities straddling the U.S. border, which hundreds of thousands of people cross for work every day, and acts as a bridge for $500 billion in annual bilateral trade. Trump launched his bid accusing Mexico of sending rapists and drug peddlers across the border, prompting the government to accuse him of stirring up hatred and fanning concerns on the border that racial prejudice is becoming more acceptable. The tycoon says he could scrap the North American Free Trade Agreement that took effect in Mexico, the United States and Canada in 1994, and he has threatened to impose tariffs of up to 35 percent on Mexican-made goods to help U.S. industry. “We’re very worried. We know what Donald Trump is looking to do, which is limit the imports, he wants to manufacture everything in the States,” said Marcello Hinojosa, president in the border city of Tijuana of industry group Canacintra.  “But this has been analyzed by both the United States and by Mexico and it’s suicide for both countries.” Mexican business leaders say about 40 percent of the average Mexican factory export is made of U.S. content and argue the two manufacturing sectors are so closely intertwined that it is impossible to take steps against one without damaging the other. Trump, who polls show trailing Democratic rival Hillary Clinton in a tight race, says Mexico is “killing” the United States on trade. However, commerce between the two has grown much faster than their respective economies since NAFTA, World Bank and U.S. data show. Mexico sends more than 80 percent of its exports to the United States, and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce says roughly 6 million American jobs depend on trade with Mexico. Trump has also blasted U.S. companies for investing in Mexico, which houses billions of dollars worth of manufacturing plants, especially around Mexico’s northern border. Trump blames the Mexican factories for jobs losses in the United States. If protectionist policies gain ground, prices for products and services would go up, and jobs would eventually be lost in Mexico, putting pressure on people to migrate - or exposing them to the lure of violent crime, Hinojosa said. Rarely have Mexicans expressed such strong views about U.S. presidential candidates as during the current campaign. Mexicans favor Clinton in the race by 10 to 1, according to a poll published in Mexico in late September. But the tightening of polls in the last two weeks has rattled their confidence she will win. “Personally, though I think I speak for many Mexicans, I hope Trump loses,” said Rodolfo Monroy, 85, a restaurant owner in the border city of Nogales, opposite Nogales, Arizona. “Why? Because he’s rude, because of what comes out of his mouth. He doesn’t like us Mexicans,” he said, with a flash of anger on his face. “We’re going to be in real trouble (if he wins).” Wadih Kuri, Chief Executive of ABC Aluminum Solutions, a local aluminum company, recalled being labeled “beaner” as a Mexican studying across the border, the sort of prejudice he said Trump’s campaign was encouraging again. “Are we still at the same place where kids need to be ridiculed because they’re from Mexico? And that’s all he’s doing. So If I’m nervous, I’m nervous for the culture that he’s inspiring,” said Kuri, who now lives in San Diego. Trump’s threats to deport more than 11 million undocumented migrants living in the United States, roughly half of whom are Mexican, could also put Mexican authorities under strain, said Cuauhtemoc Galindo, the mayor of Nogales, Mexico. Nor was it wise economic policy, he added. “Having someone govern who feeds racism, hate, this sort of thing ... will also make a lot of Mexicans stop visiting (the United States) out of fear, out of a sense of pride, which will also hurt the U.S. economy,” Galindo said. Crossing into the United States from Tijuana, one of the busiest thoroughfares in the hemisphere, construction worker Alejandro Ortiz said “every aspect” of his life would be affected if Trump wins - which he fears will happen. “This is going to affect me whenever I cross the border, they’re going to investigate me more, just because of my color, because I speak Spanish,” said Ortiz, 36, who was born in the United States but grew up in Mexico. ",1
7513,Democrats see FBI controversy hurting chances in U.S. Congress races,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Senior Democrats said on Monday their chances of winning control of the U.S. House of Representatives had been hurt by the FBI’s surprise announcement last month that Hillary Clinton’s email practices were again figuring in a federal investigation. Voters will go to the polls on Tuesday to choose Democrat Clinton or Republican Donald Trump for president, but also to fill 34 U.S. Senate seats in the 100-chamber body and all 435 House seats. Both the House and Senate are currently controlled by Republicans. FBI Director James Comey’s letter to Congress in late October that the agency would examine newly found emails that might pertain to Clinton’s use of a private server while she was secretary of state, “had a tremendous adverse impact with our standing with independents,” said Representative James Clyburn, a member of the House Democratic leadership, referring to independent voters. House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi, while calling Comey’s action “out of line,” said it resulted in a spike in small campaign donations. But she added: “We would be in a better place (without the letter) and in the manner he did it.” Clyburn’s and Pelosi’s remarks, seen by Reuters, were delivered during a phone call House Democratic leaders had with rank-and-file members.  Continued Republican control of Congress could stymie the legislative agenda put forth by Clinton if she wins the presidency. A Trump win along with a Republican Congress could spell doom for Democratic President Barack Obama’s landmark healthcare law known as Obamacare, which has been the target of a sustained attack by Republican lawmakers. If voters hand power to Democrats in either chamber, 2017 will likely bring a more moderate bent to bills that lawmakers send to the new president for signing into law. A senior Democratic aide said the October controversy, which consumed U.S. political campaigns for over a week, could reduce by at least 10 the number of House seats Democrats may be able to capture from Republicans on Election Day. Comey informed Congress on Sunday that he was standing by his July decision that no criminal charges were warranted against the Democratic presidential candidate in the emails investigation. But coming only two days before national elections, Comey’s latest decision may have come too late for Democrats who were hoping for big wins on Tuesday to help them regain control of the House for the first time since 2010 and the Senate for the first time since 2014. “It’s terribly damaging to us,” the aide said, adding that Clinton’s support in battleground states could be depressed, which in turn would hurt the party’s House candidates. With that in mind, the aide said Democrats could end up gaining only 12 to 16 House seats on Tuesday, instead of the 30 or so needed to win back the chamber. Representative Tom Cole, a senior House Republican, said in a telephone interview he found it “mystifying in how he (Comey) has interjected himself in the election on three different occasions in ways that were probably inappropriate.” Cole was referring to the initial announcement in July that Clinton would not be prosecuted, the late October letter to Congress that FBI agents were again reviewing the issue and Sunday’s information that the agency would not change its July findings. Of Sunday’s good news for Clinton, the Oklahoma lawmaker said: “I think it certainly takes a little steam out of the Republicans.” To win control of the Senate outright, Democrats would have to score a net gain of five seats. Republicans currently hold 54 Senate seats to 44 Democratic seats and two independents who align themselves with Democrats. For much of the autumn campaign, political analysts were projecting Democrats would pick up anywhere from four to seven Senate seats. The outcome of the presidential race is expected to have a major impact on the outcome of the congressional campaigns. In recent decades, the party that wins the White House has usually fared better in congressional races too. For most of the 2016 campaign season, the Senate races have been center stage, as Democrats fielded some strong challengers to Republican incumbents. Among them are Missouri Secretary of State Jason Kander, who is giving Republican Senator Roy Blunt an unexpectedly stiff challenge, and former environmental official Katie McGinty, who could unseat Republican Senator Pat Toomey in Pennsylvania.   John McCain, the Vietnam War hero and 2008 Republican presidential nominee who has served in the Senate for 30 years, appears headed to re-election in a race that has been unusually competitive for him. A possible 50-50 tie following Tuesday’s elections would mean that the next vice president would cast the tie-breaking vote and determine which party controls the Senate. The Senate that will be sworn in on Jan. 3, whether it is held by Republicans or Democrats, will face a weighty decision early on: voting on a U.S. Supreme Court justice to replace the conservative Justice Antonin Scalia, who died last February. Since that time, Senate Republicans have refused to consider Obama’s nomination of federal judge Merrick Garland, arguing the next president should pick a nominee for Senate review. Other issues confronting Congress next year include illegal immigration and border security, the need to raise U.S. borrowing authority, something some conservative Republicans oppose without substantial budget cuts, and possible approval of free-trade deals with Pacific Rim countries and Europe if negotiations on the latter conclude successfully. ",1
7514,Democratic voter-intimidation cases falter in three U.S. states,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democrats fell short in three U.S. states on Monday in their legal battle to impose tighter restrictions on supporters of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump who plan to monitor Election Day voting for signs of fraud. The U.S. Supreme Court refused to reimpose new rules on partisan poll watchers in Ohio after an appeals court struck them down, while U.S. judges in Pennsylvania and North Carolina declined Democrats’ request to impose new rules that Democrats had sought.  Voter intimidation is prohibited under U.S. law, but Democrats worry that Trump’s warnings of a “rigged” election in his battle against Democrat Hillary Clinton might inspire supporters to harass minority voters and create Election Day chaos in big cities as they search for signs of vote manipulation.  Numerous studies have found that U.S. voter fraud is exceedingly rare.  Democrats have asked U.S. courts in six battleground states to impose greater restrictions on partisan poll watchers, arguing that the Trump campaign, state Republican parties and Republican operative Roger Stone are encouraging supporters to  intimidate minority voters. Trump’s campaign and Republican parties in the various states say their poll watchers are trained to bring evidence of any problems to the party and not confront voters directly. “This was an attempt to intimidate Republican people engaging in lawful activity,” North Carolina Republican Party executive director Dallas Woodhouse told Reuters. Stone says those working for his planned “exit poll” will be trained to use neutral, non-threatening language.   One day before the election, Democrats so far have failed to win any of their legal efforts. A U.S. judge denied the Democrats’ case in Arizona on Friday. Monday’s rulings in North Carolina and Pennsylvania give Democrats little time for appeals, while the Supreme Court’s Monday ruling put to rest the case filed in Ohio. The Supreme Court order, which only covers the Ohio case, included no noted dissents from the eight justices. Liberal Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg wrote a brief statement noting that “Ohio law proscribes voter intimidation” and citing the relevant law.  U.S. judges in Michigan and Nevada have yet to issue opinions. Democrats have waged a separate legal battle against the Republican National Committee, arguing in court that the RNC should be prevented from supporting the Trump campaign’s poll-watching effort. A U.S. judge in New Jersey denied that motion on Saturday.  ",1
