id,title,text,label
19539,Japan's Abe says time for talk is over on North Korea,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said on Wednesday that countries need to unite to enforce sanctions and apply pressure on North Korea to abandon its nuclear and missile programs.  Now is not the time for dialogue. Now is the time to apply pressure,  Abe told a gathering of investors at the New York Stock Exchange, remarks he later reiterated in an address to the annual United Nations General Assembly.  On Tuesday, U.S. President Donald Trump warned North Korea in his speech to the U.N. that the United States would  totally destroy  the country if threatened. In contrast, Japan s Asian rival China, and Russia, have called repeatedly for a return to international diplomacy and talks with North Korea to resolve the crisis over Pyongyang s weapons programs.  We can t be satisfied that the U.N. has approved new sanctions against North Korea,  Abe said.  What s crucial now is to put sanctions into effect without lapses and that requires close cooperation with China and Russia.  In his U.N. speech, Abe said North Korean nuclear weapons either already were, or were on the verge of becoming, hydrogen bombs, presenting an unprecedented threat.  It is indisputably a matter of urgency,  Abe said.  We must prevent the goods, funds, people, and technology necessary for nuclear and missile development from heading to North Korea,  he said.  Whether or not we can put an end to the provocations by North Korea is dependent upon the solidarity of the international community. There is not much time left.  Abe said Japan, a treaty ally of the United States, consistently supported the U.S. stance that  all options are on the table  in dealing with North Korea. On Sept. 11, the U.N. Security Council unanimously stepped up sanctions against North Korea over its sixth and most powerful nuclear test, imposing a ban on the isolated nation s textile exports and capping imports of crude oil. North Korea fired a missile on Friday that flew over Hokkaido in northern Japan and landed far out into the Pacific Ocean, according to Japanese and South Korean officials, further ratcheting up tensions in the region. Abe said diplomatic attempts to get North Korea to abandon its nuclear aspirations have failed over two decades.  Dialogue for the purpose of having dialogue is meaningless,  Abe said at the New York Stock Exchange. ",1
19540,"Erdogan, Putin to discuss Syrian peace plan next week","ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said on Wednesday he will meet Russia s President Vladimir Putin next week to discuss a plan agreed by their countries and Iran to reduce the fighting in Syria s northwestern Idlib province. The three countries agreed last week to deploy hundreds of observers around the province, which borders Turkey and is controlled by an alliance led by the Nusra Front, fighters once linked to al Qaeda.  Idlib has been set as a de-escalation zone,  Erdogan told an event in New York where he is attending the U.N. General Assembly.  Right now, outside the border there are guard towers and stations of the Russian Federation. And inside, Turkey has stations at protection points,  Erdogan said, adding the Turkish army was also working with Free Syrian Army fighters.   This will continue until peace will be established over there,  he said, without giving further details. Erdogan said he would meet Putin on Sept. 28, and Turkey s TRT broadcaster said the talks would take place in Ankara. ",1
19541,Russia's air force killed 850 militants in Syria in last 24 hours: Interfax,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia s air force has killed about 850 militants in Syria s zone of de-escalation in Idlib in the last 24 hours, Interfax news agency quoted Russia s Defence Ministry as saying on Wednesday.  ",1
19542,Spain's Rajoy calls on Catalonia leaders to cancel referendum,"MADRID (Reuters) - Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy on Wednesday called on Catalonia regional leaders to cancel a planned referendum on splitting from Spain because it goes against the country s laws.  Don t go ahead. Go back to the law and democracy. This referendum is a chimera,  Rajoy said in a televised speech. ",1
19543,Ai Wei-Wei critical of China at opening of Swiss exhibit,"LAUSANNE, Switzerland (Reuters) - Ai Wei-Wei denounced China s crackdown on lawyers and free speech on Wednesday but saw little hope that the upcoming Communist Party Congress would lead to more freedoms. The Chinese dissident artist spoke while inaugurating an exhibit in the Swiss city of Lausanne that includes some of his political works symbolizing repression.  They are not accepting what we call common values such as democracy and freedom of speech and the freedom of religious practice and independence of the press or independence of a judicial system or people having the right to vote,  Ai told a news conference.  China has been booming and become very powerful in the economic sense but at the same time it doesn t trust its own people,  he said.  After 60 or 70 years in power, still its own people are not trusted to have a chance to vote.  Asked about the five-yearly leadership reshuffle of the ruling Communist Party set to begin on Oct. 18, Ai said:  You have a party that functions more like a family. It doesn t matter how many meetings they have, it s always closed-door.   So there s no trust remaining in society.  Human Rights Watch said on Wednesday that China has launched more rigorous investigations into rights lawyers and law firms that take on politically sensitive issues. Ai, who lives in Berlin but returns to China regularly, voiced concern about two friends who are human rights lawyers  ruthlessly put in jail  for five and 10 years, respectively.  So the danger is there but I have no fear for myself because I have been through everything and what I have done is not for myself. It s for my father s generation and my son s generation,  the 60-year-old said. The exhibit entitled  It s Always the Others , on view at the Cantonal Fine Arts Museum in Lausanne until Jan. 28, brings together 46 works made in wood, jade, porcelain, bamboo, and silk, along with photographs and videos.  Dragon in Progress , a 50-metre-long bamboo and silk kite hung from the ceiling, transforms a traditional symbol of Chinese imperial power with quotes from imprisoned or exiled activists including Nelson Mandela, Edward Snowden and Ai. A marble sculpture,  Surveillance Camera with Plinth , depicts a camera set up outside his Beijing studio.  I m a free man, that means I can go and come back. Which is fine. They kept their promise, they didn t touch me.  But of course when a state is not really ruled by law you can see that anything still can happen at any moment because it s unpredictable, you re not protected by law.  ",1
19544,"A South Sudan vote would heap disaster upon catastrophe, U.N. says","GENEVA (Reuters) - South Sudan s hellish war will get worse if its neighbors let President Salva Kiir hold an election before he accepts peacekeepers, a ceasefire and political opposition, U.N. investigators said on Wednesday. South Sudan was plunged into civil war in 2013 when Kiir fell out with his deputy, Riek Machar. Since then 50,000-300,000 people have died, according to the African Union (AU), and millions have been displaced or pushed to the brink of famine.  It s just a story of absolutely unimaginable cruelty,  Yasmin Sooka, head of the U.N. Commission on Human Rights in South Sudan, told a news conference in Geneva.  Last year Machar fled, but during his retreat Kiir s forces sparked a new conflict in the Equatorias region, boosting opposition to Kiir s Dinka tribe, which almost one in four South Sudanese belong to. Kiir s mandate expires in April, and he has made clear he wants a new election, which would be catastrophic, Sooka and her fellow commissioner Godfrey Musila said.   You will not have a democratic Dinka president elected,  Musila said.  If the Dinka are to stay in power they will have to do that militarily. It has to be a police state.  Outside powers must urgently find a way to generate a legitimate government, he said. The first task was to fully deploy a 4,000-strong regional protection force that Kiir and East African bloc IGAD agreed on a year ago. Although limited to the capital, Juba, the force would create conditions for the opposition to return and would free up U.N. peacekeepers to go further afield, helping to bring about a ceasefire, which the opposition, with no military supply lines, would accept, Musila said.  Only 400 of the force have arrived so far. Sooka said the best tool to get action was the  hybrid court  that the AU and South Sudan agreed to set up, based on a mix of their laws, to prosecute suspects including top political and military figures. Sooka has an  almost prosecutorial mandate  from the U.N. Human Rights Council and plans to have a team of 16 on the ground this week, including forensic analysts and military advisers. On Monday, South Sudan Justice Minister Paulino Wanawilla Unango told the Council that the government was still incorporating last year s agreement with IGAD.  Sooka said the AU must ensure consequences if the government failed to take the necessary steps, as it did in Gambia in January, when it intervened to oust president Yahya Jammeh.   The West Africans camped outside of Gambia and told the president if you don t go, our armies will come in,  she said.  But will the East African community or IGAD do that?  ",1
19545,Afghan president says Trump war plan has better chance than Obama's,"(Reuters) - Afghan President Ashraf Ghani said on Wednesday that U.S. President Donald Trump s strategy to win the war in Afghanistan will work where his predecessor s failed because the Afghan army is stronger and Trump wants a regional approach and a harder line with Pakistan. Ghani also said that former President Barack Obama  did not have a partner in Afghanistan,  implicitly criticizing former Afghan President Hamid Karzai, who frequently disdained U.S. policy and the U.S.-led international military force.  President Trump is not just an individual (but) a team of partners in Afghanistan,  Ghani told the Asia Society in New York, where he is attending the U.N. General Assembly.  The Trump administration s strategy has the uniqueness of immense consultations with us.  At the same time, Ghani said, Obama s decision to maintain some U.S. forces in Afghanistan  ensured our survival  despite advances by Taliban insurgents. U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Monday that more than 3,000 additional U.S. troops are being deployed to Afghanistan under the new strategy announced last month. The number of U.S. forces would rise to more than 14,000, compared to a high of more than 100,000 under Obama. While providing few details, Trump pledged stepped-up operations against the Taliban and an open-ended commitment of U.S. military advisers, trainers and counter-terrorism units. He also vowed to take a tougher line to end what U.S. officials say is Pakistan providing refuge and other support to the Taliban and other extremist groups. Pakistan denies the charge. Asked how Trump s strategy differs from Obama s, Ghani said Trump s plan takes  a regional approach  to security and a harder line with Pakistan while providing a new opening for peace talks.  The message to Pakistan to engage and become a responsible stakeholder in the region and in the fight against terrorism has never been clearer,  Ghani said.  What I am offering the Pakistan government, the Pakistan security apparatus, is the invitation to a comprehensive dialogue.   If Pakistan does not take this opportunity, I think they will pay a high price,  he said, without elaborating.  Afghans are determined to fight,  he said.  No one should mistake our will to defend our country.  Not only is the army better trained and profiting from a new generation of soldiers, but it gained experience because the massive cuts in the U.S.-led international force under Obama forced Afghans to assume a bigger role in the fighting, Ghani said. When it was pointed out that the Taliban have expanded their control of territory, Ghani blamed the inability of the police to hold ground. The next phase of reforming Afghanistan s security forces will focus on the police, he said. As for when the 16-year-long war would end, Ghani said,  I think we are not talking a decade or longer. We are talking some limited years.  (Corrects to Mattis said on Monday instead of Tuesday and corrects number of troops to more than 14,000 instead of around 12,000, paragraph 5.) ",1
19546,France's National Front on verge of split after election setback,"PARIS (Reuters) - Four months after a heavy electoral defeat, France s National Front is on the verge of a split between its leader and her chief deputy that could open the way to a policy change on the euro as the far-right party seeks to rebrand itself.   Marine Le Pen s relationship with Florian Philippot, for years her closest aide, has become so strained since she lost the presidential election to centrist Emmanuel Macron that far-right experts say it has reached the point of no-return. A rupture would mark an important change for the FN and Le Pen because she has for years defended Philippot s anti-euro, protectionist line against critics in the party, and built her 2012 and 2017 presidential campaigns on his advice. Philippot has been under fire in the party over its setbacks in this year s presidential and parliamentary elections, with many blaming the anti-euro line he has backed so strongly.  Le Pen, whose leadership is also under scrutiny, has increasingly distanced herself from Philippot, focusing on the party s anti-immigration, identitarian roots in speeches rather than the party s stance on the euro. Philippot has stood firm, maintaining that opposing the euro is a vote winner.  Le Pen has now issued him an ultimatum, saying he must decide between his party role and a think-tank group known as the Patriots that he has set up focused on an anti-euro policy.   I don t intend to abandon the Patriots nor my convictions nor my ideals,  a visibly shaken Philippot said in an interview on CNews.  If they want to get rid of me and prevent me from working on the relaunch of the National Front, then let it be done,  he added. Minutes later Le Pen issued a terse statement saying she had decide to revoke his responsibilities for strategy and communications, but stopped short of firing him as vice president - for now. Jerome Fourquet, a specialist on the far-right at pollster Ifop, sees the split as definitive.   This seems to have escalated to a point of no-return,  he said. If Philippot leaves the party or is forced out, it could at first cause further turmoil for the far-right as it struggles to portray itself as the main opposition to Macron, despite having reached the second round of the presidential election in May. In the presidential run-off, Le Pen secured 34 percent of the vote against 66 percent for Macron   its strongest election performance but still a disappointment. In June s parliamentary election, the national Front won only eight seats.   The role of chief opponent has been assumed by Jean-Luc Melenchon, leader of the far-left France Insoumise (France Unbowed), who together with unions is leading calls for mass protests against reforms planned by Macron. The departure of Philippot, a graduate of France s top ENA administrative school, could be followed by others in the party with a similar profile walking out, depriving the party of figures who were key to policy-making. Le Pen and her party might, however, see long-term gains as his exit could enable her to reassert her authority and make it easier to shift policy on the euro. This might in turn help the FN forge alliances with other right-wing politicians.   If Philippot was to leave there would be a negative buzz, there would be turmoil in the FN, but after a while that would likely be digested and overcome,  Fourquet said. He underlined that the party had survived previous crises, such as the departure in the late 1990s of Bruno Megret, once a political star who took allies with him. Analysts say Philippot has fewer loyal allies and a smaller political capital than Megret did at the time and would therefore be unlikely to create a rival party that would pose a serious threat to the FN.              The deadline for the FN to decide how it wants to rebrand itself is March, when it will hold a party congress to decide on a new name and what its strategies and policies should be for the next presidential election due in 2022.         Jean Messiha, who coordinated Le Pen s presidential manifesto, said the party was in a difficult phase where it was adapting to France s changed political landscape.  We need to get our act together and, most importantly, we need Marine Le Pen to reaffirm, to reassert her authority,  he told Reuters. Le Pen s partner, senior FN official Louis Aliot, made a similar point, telling supporters at the weekend not to give in to  defeatism .  In politics, you re never dead,  he said. ",1
19547,"As Brexit clock ticks down, EU eyes new offer from May","BRUSSELS/BERLIN (Reuters) - European capitals expect British Prime Minister Theresa May to try to break a deadlock in Brexit talks over the coming days by signaling a readiness to pay the EU to stay in the single market for a time after it leaves the bloc. Senior officials dealing with Brexit in Brussels, Berlin and other capitals said they had not received any concrete overtures from May ahead of a speech in Florence, Italy, on Friday, at which she is expected to flesh out her vision of Britain s future relationship with the European Union. And they played down a report in the Financial Times that her EU adviser, Oliver Robbins, had informed German Chancellor Angela Merkel and other leaders that May could make an offer of 20 billion euros to cover a post-Brexit transition period.  We have not been informed in advance about any concrete negotiation offers from the British government,  a German government spokesman said. But the officials, speaking on condition of anonymity, said they had received signals from London that May would try to break a months-long impasse that has raised fears on either side of the Channel that Britain could exit the bloc in 2019 without a deal on its future EU ties. These officials said they expected May to signal soon that she would like to keep Britain in the single market for two to three years and was prepared to pay for the access. However, they were unsure whether it would come in the Florence speech or later   possibly during new Brexit negotiations next Monday, in early October when she addresses her Conservative Party conference or at upcoming EU summits in the Estonian capital Tallinn or in Brussels.  Staying for three years in the customs union and single market would mean paying for it and Britain realizes that. The acceptance of payments during that period would be a very big thing,  said one EU official close to the negotiations. He was among more than half a dozen people involved with the issue in continental Europe who spoke to Reuters on Wednesday. Other officials were cautious, however, expressing concern that Britain was conflating two separate issues: the cost of continued market access after Brexit and the bill London first needs to pay to settle its existing financial commitments.  If everything in the financial settlement is not covered then it will be difficult to move forward,  said one official in Berlin, referring to a  delicate moment  in the talks. Three months into negotiations on the terms of Britain s departure from the EU, the two sides are struggling to resolve the issues Brussels says must be addressed before talks on a future trading relationship can begin. These include expatriate citizens  rights, the Irish border and the financial bill tied to Britain s departure. The EU executive has estimated that London may owe it around 60 billion euros due to commitments made during British membership. With the clock ticking down to the March 2019 exit date, Britain is keen to start talks on its future trade relationship with the bloc to remove the cloud of uncertainty for companies that do business between Britain and the rest of the EU. Without such certainty, companies in Britain may choose to move their operations to an EU state to enjoy access to its single market of 440 million people. Some have already announced such plans. Talks on the future relationship were initially expected to start in October. But the EU s chief negotiator, Frenchman Michel Barnier, has said that looks unrealistic   so far. He will meet his British counterpart again on Monday in Brussels. European officials sent conflicting signals on Wednesday about whether an acknowledgement of Britain s financial obligations during a post-Brexit transition period might be enough to break the logjam and open the door to deeper talks. One senior official in a government broadly sympathetic to Britain said any offer of payment from May could be  positive  and that other EU leaders understood that she might seek to mix comments on exit and transition payments as a way to distract pro-Brexit voters at home away from concessions she might make.  The sense of reality has not yet arrived,  a third senior EU official said.  If I were Mrs May I would make now a very, very clear offer, I would show my readiness.   I m sure May will give a nice speech in Florence,  a second German official added.  But what really counts is what the British put on the table in Brussels on Monday.  ",1
19548,Vote plus marathon spells super-busy Sunday for Berlin police,"BERLIN (Reuters) - More than 1,500 police will be on duty in Berlin on Sunday, when Germany s capital faces the logistical challenge of organising an election expected to draw a large turnout - while ensuring its annual marathon also runs smoothly. Police, election officials and race organisers have been in close consultations about security arrangements, especially following a deadly truck rampage on a Berlin Christmas market last December as well as an attack on the Boston marathon in 2013. Officials with the Berlin police and the BKA Federal Criminal Police Office said they had no indications of any specific plots to attack either the race or the city s 1,779 polling stations. Berlin s state election office said letters had been sent to around 44,000 of the city s 2.5 million eligible voters warning that some 30 stations might be difficult to reach because of the marathon.  The marathon is expected to end in early afternoon, while polls close at 6 p.m. local time. Voter participation is expected to exceed the 72.5 percent of 2013 largely due to a referendum about the fate of Berlin s Tegel airport that served the city through the Cold War.  Voter participation was already relatively high in 2013, but we think it will be even higher this year because of high interest in the Tegel referendum,  a spokesman said.  ",1
19549,U.N. peacekeepers pressed to do more with less as further cuts loom,"JOHANNESBURG/NAIROBI (Reuters) - On June 29, Maman Sidikou, head of the U.N. peacekeeping mission in Congo, received a cable from headquarters in New York in which his bosses laid out in no uncertain terms that the world s largest peacekeeping mission had to make cuts, and fast. Facing an eight percent, or $93 million, budget cut for 2017/18, Sidikou was told to revise staffing, slash fuel costs by 10 percent and streamline aircraft use - all without compromising the mission s mandate, according to the cable seen by Reuters. The mission in Democratic Republic of Congo, known as MONUSCO, must work out how to juggle those demands with the need to respond to a growing political and humanitarian crisis in the central African giant - and it is not alone.  Belt-tightening at MONUSCO, which has about 18,000 uniformed personnel, is part of a broader push by the United States, the biggest U.N. contributor, to cut costs. In June, the 193 U.N. member states agreed to a total $600 million in cuts to more than a dozen missions for the year ending June 30, 2018.  U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said at the time:  We re only getting started.  On Wednesday the 15-member U.N. Security Council will discuss peacekeeping reform during the annual gathering of world leaders.  Diplomats said the council was due to adopt a resolution pushing for improved accountability, transparency and effectiveness and to make peacekeepers more flexible. Critics worry that harsh cuts could harm operations in volatile African states.  My intention is to do everything to preserve the integrity of the peacekeeping missions, but, of course, to do also everything possible to make it in the most effective and cost-effective way,  U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres told reporters last week.  The United Nations, which has spent $18 billion on peacekeeping in Congo since the mission began in 1999, says reforms are bearing fruit. But analysts and some U.N. insiders say progress is hampered by administrators in New York dodging thorny issues like confusion over the mission s priorities and a culture that appears to protect senior, well-paid officials at all costs. In July, for example, Safia Boly became deputy head of the MONUSCO division administering the mission s downsizing, despite the fact that a year earlier, a U.N. tribunal ruled she had abused her authority and disregarded rules at an office in Uganda where she served as operations manager.  Put very simply, and in other words, who was protecting Ms. Boly and why?  the tribunal wrote in its judgment. Boly did not respond to an emailed request for comment. U.N. spokesman Farhan Haq said the affair was closed and that it was not appropriate to comment on a confidential internal process.  This sends a signal that U.N. headquarters is not really interested in reform and cleaning up the system,  said a Western diplomat about Boly s case. In another case, members of an engineering unit in Goma allegedly demanded hundreds of dollars from locals in return for help to be recruited for temporary work, according to a U.N. document seen by Reuters. U.S. President Donald Trump wants to cap the U.S. share of the $7.3 billion peacekeeping bill at 25 percent, down from 28.5 percent, a level he says is  unfair . At a meeting on U.N. reform on Monday, Trump said the world body was hamstrung by  bureaucracy and mismanagement .  A peacekeeping mission in Ivory Coast has closed and troop levels in Sudan s Darfur region are due to be halved, but U.N. officials say they need more, not fewer, blue helmets in hot spots like Mali, Central African Republic and South Sudan.  Peacekeeping reform is essential, and the U.S. should lead in demanding better performance and accountability. But that will not be achieved by crippling the ability of U.N. troops and civilian personnel to operate where they re needed most,  said Matt Wells, senior crisis adviser at Amnesty International. MONUSCO s military leaders want to replace underperforming units, long accused of passivity in protecting civilians, with more capable troops. But they are held back by long-standing reluctance among member states to risk soldiers  lives in distant conflicts. In a July 15 cable addressed to New York, Sidikou outlined his streamlining plans. They included reducing the force size by at least 750 troops, cutting official travel and reducing rations provided to Congolese soldiers.  In another cable three days later, Sidikou said he intended to ease restrictions on where units can operate, making them more flexible and able to respond to crises. Election delays and President Joseph Kabila s refusal to step down have fueled violence across Congo, where millions have died in conflicts over the past two decades. An agreement to hold an election by the end of this year is unlikely to hold.  After several years during which the focus had been largely on foreign armed groups, the U.N. mission is contending with increasingly dangerous local rebellions. One, in Kasai, on the border with Angola, has displaced 1.4 million people in a year.  In the near future, elections-related violence might erupt across the whole of the DRC. Consequently, the Force requires the freedom to deploy its troops in a timely manner, to wherever they may be required,  Sidikou s cable said.  ",1
19550,German court finds Syrian guilty over U.N. peacekeeper abduction,"BERLIN (Reuters) - A Syrian man living in Germany was jailed for three and a half years on Wednesday for his part in the kidnapping of a U.N. peacekeeper near Damascus four years ago. The man, who was not named, was found guilty of being an accessory to the abduction, according to a statement from the German court that tried him which did not go into details on what he did. The U.N. peacekeeper, who served in the demilitarized zone between Syria and Israel on the Golan Heights, was kidnapped in Feb. 2013, the Higher Regional Court in the southwestern German city of Stuttgart said.  Prosecutors had in January 2016 identified the Syrian man as Suliman A.-S. under German privacy laws and said they suspected him of being a member of the Islamic militant Nusra Front group. They said the group had demanded a ransom from the United Nations, the Canadian government and the peacekeeper s family in exchange for his release. The court did not give his nationality. The U.N. peacekeeper eventually escaped eight months after his abduction, the court said. It said there was not enough evidence to conclude that Nusra Front was behind the kidnapping nor that the Syrian man was a member of the militant group.  The accused was found guilty under the Code on International Criminal Law of being an accessory to a war crime against a peacekeeping mission that involved kidnapping for ransom, three counts of attempted robbery by blackmail and grievous unlawful detention,  the court wrote in a statement. ",1
19551,"Trump says he is deeply disturbed by South Sudan, Congo violence","NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Wednesday the United States was deeply disturbed by, and closely monitoring, violence in South Sudan and Democratic Republic of Congo.  He told a lunch with African leaders on the sidelines of the United Nations General Assembly that he would send his U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley to Africa to discuss conflict prevention.  ",1
19552,"Trump, Mexican president speak after latest quake: White House","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump and Mexican President Pena Nieto spoke at length on Wednesday following the second powerful earthquake that hit Mexico within the past two weeks, according to the White House. White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders gave no other details but said more information would come soon about the call, which came after Mexico was hit by a magnitude 7.1 quake on Tuesday. The two leaders also spoke last week. ",1
19553,Czech ruling party says wage growth must be priority for next government,"PRAGUE (Reuters) - The next Czech government should spread the benefits of strong growth with workers and shift to a higher wage economy, Lubomir Zaoralek, who will lead the ruling Social Democrats into next month s election, said on Wednesday. (For graphic, click tmsnrt.rs/2xRMCax)     The center left party trails its coalition partner, the ANO movement, by double digits ahead of the Oct. 20-21 vote but Foreign Minister Zaoralek says it can attract voters concerned with economic fairness. The Czech Republic is heavily industrialized and has a large auto sector. Strong growth, which stood at 4.7 percent in the second quarter, has led to labor shortages and increased wage demands.  Private sector wage growth has led public sector workers to demand higher pay and the government has increased salaries for health and education workers who have long lagged behind.  If the society is to remain united ... when there is prosperity, then that has to be for all,  Zaoralek, 61, said in an interview. He said his priorities were wage growth, education and lifting living standards to those of western Europe. The outgoing government has raised the minimum wage each year. The latest rise set wages at 12,200 crowns ($561.23) per month and takes effect next year.  It also agreed to increase teacher salaries. Teachers are the worst paid as compared to other skilled professions in OECD countries. Zaoralek said the country needed a new economic model that could produce higher margin goods even it meant some companies dependent on cheap labor shut. Such a shift would echo developments in export industries where wage growth has forced companies to innovate to maintain margins. Czech workers make about a third of their German counterparts. To catch up with western neighbors the country needs to keep in step with EU partners as the bloc debates its post-Brexit future, he said, adding that the country is interested in getting observer status in the euro zone. But it should not push to join the euro zone quickly, he said. Such a push could encounter opposition from potential coalition partners. Zaoralek s stance differs from that of outgoing Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka who says the next government should set a date for joining. Most Czechs do not want the country to join the currency bloc. Zaoralek said elections are often decided in the final days of campaigning so the Social Democrats could still form the next government. No party is expected to win an absolute majority and opinion polls have proved inaccurate in previous elections. One headache for both ANO and potential coalition partners is that parliament voted this month to allow police to charge ANO founder and chairman, billionaire Andrej Babis, with fraud in drawing EU subsidies. He denies wrongdoing. Zaoralek said he could not see Babis in the next cabinet if he were charged. He did not rule out a coalition with the ANO movement if Babis is not prime minister.  It is tough to build a coalition with someone who is being prosecuted .... That is unimaginable,  he said. ",1
19554,Abbas: U.N. must try to end Israeli occupation 'within set timeframe',"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Palestinian president Mahmoud Abbas called on the United Nations on Wednesday to pursue efforts to  bring an end to Israeli occupation of the state of Palestine within a set timeframe.  Abbas, addressing the United Nations General Assembly, warned that if the two-state solution were to be destroyed, Palestinians would have no choice but to  continue the struggle and demand full rights for all inhabitants of historic Palestine . ",1
19555,Bulgaria warplane purchase on hold after lawmakers demur,"SOFIA (Reuters) - Plans by Bulgaria to buy eight fighter jets are on hold after lawmakers on Wednesday questioned if all bidders for the contract had been treated equally. The NATO and EU member state, which is looking to replace its aging Soviet-designed MiG-29s, said in June it would start talks to buy new Gripen warplanes from Swedish manufacturer Saab in a deal estimated at 1.5 billion levs ($920 million). But a parliamentary committee set up to investigate the bid process, part of which was handled by a previous interim government, requested a defense ministry review after uncovering what it called  disturbing facts .  The most important thing is to treat all participants equally,  said committee chairman Emil Hristov. Hours earlier, Slovakia s defense minister said it was deferring a planned fighter jet purchase   also to replace MiG-29s - pending a broader upgrade of its armed forces. On Monday, Bulgarian Prime Minister Boyko Borissov voiced doubt that Gripen was the best choice for the new fighter jet for the Black Sea state s Air Force. He had initially told his Swedish counterpart that negotiations on a Gripen acquisition would proceed within weeks. Bulgaria also received offers from Portugal for secondhand U.S. F-16s and from Italy for secondhand Eurofighter Typhoons. The question of which warplanes Bulgaria should buy has been vexing successive governments for more than a decade. The country has said it wants to upgrade between 2018 and 2022 to bring its fighter jet fleet closer into compliance with NATO standards. Bulgaria joined the Atlantic alliance in 2004 and the European Union three years later. ",1
19556,Ugandan MPs cite intimidation ahead of move to extend Museveni rule,"KAMPALA (Reuters) - Ugandan lawmakers accused the government on Wednesday of trying to intimidate them by deploying heavy security in the capital and around parliament, before a move to change the constitution to extend the president s rule.  A legislator from President Yoweri Museveni s party is  expected to introduce legislation on Thursday meant to remove an age cap on the office of president from the constitution.   The East African country s constitution bars anyone over 75 years old from running in presidential elections. That would make Museveni, 73, ineligible to stand again in 2021.  An ally of Western powers who has deployed forces in Somalia to help fight Islamist militants, Museveni has held power since 1986, when his rebels captured power. He has won every election since. Opponents accuse him of creeping authoritarianism.   Security forces began patrolling the center of Kampala this week and deployments have also been boosted around parliament, in which Museveni s party commands a comfortable majority.  The regime knows how unpopular this move ... for Museveni to rule until he dies is (among) the public,  legislator Wilfred Niwagaba, an independent opposed to the proposed constitutional amendment, told Reuters.  (Museveni) has now decided to use the army and police to instil fear in citizens and MPs.  A number of other African presidents have sought to prolong their rule by having legislators void legal limits, triggering sometimes bloody unrest. Opposition to such a move in Uganda has been growing with civic rights activists, opposition MPs and even some members of the ruling party mounting protests. On Tuesday, police in the eastern town of Iganga fired teargas and rubber bullets to disperse youths demonstrating against the legislative measure.  Late on Wednesday, police raided the premises of at least two pro-democracy organizations in Kampala, blockaded staff inside offices and conducted searches, officials at those organizations said. The activists said police did not say why they were  searching but suspected it was connected to their mobilization against the proposed law. Police spokesman Asan Kasingye told Reuters he was not aware of raids on the two organizations.  Military spokesman Richard Karemire said the beefed-up security was  normal and typical  to ensure public safety and was not meant to intimidate anyone.  International and local rights activists routinely accuse the Ugandan government of using security personnel to cripple public opposition to Museveni.  Although he won plaudits in the initial years of his rule for restoring stability after protracted internal bloodshed and for drawing foreign investment, rights violations, rampant graft and dysfunctional public services have since eroded his standing. Museveni has not stated whether he will seek re-election, but officials have been struggling to counter widespread suspicion he is quietly backing efforts to lift the age cap.   The show of brute force in town is to remind us who is in charge, but we ll not allow that bill to see the light of day,  parliamentarian John Baptist Nambeshe said.  ",1
19557,Police deploy in Iraqi oil city as tensions rise before Kurdish independence vote,"KIRKUK, Iraq (Reuters) - Police deployed in the northern Iraqi oil city of Kirkuk to prevent any outbreak of ethnic violence ahead of an independence referendum strongly opposed by the central Baghdad government and Western and regional powers. The Kurdish region plans to hold the Sept. 25 vote despite an Iraqi government warning it is  playing with fire  and U.S. declarations it could undermine the fight against Islamic State militants. The referendum could raise particular tension in Kirkuk, where Kurds vie with Turkmen and Arabs for power. Turkey, which has moved a detachment of tanks and troops to its border with northern Iraq, said the breakup of Iraq or Syria where Kurds have gained territory and influence in the war against Islamic State could stir global conflict.    Kurdish security and the city police erected checkpoints across Kirkuk after a Kurd was killed in a clash with the guards of a Turkmen political party office in the city. Two other Kurds and a Turkmen security guard were wounded in the clash that broke out when a Kurdish convoy celebrating the referendum, carrying Kurdish flags, drove by the Turkmen party office, according to security sources. The Kurdish dead and wounded were among those celebrating, they said.   Turkey has long seen itself as the protector of Iraq s Turkmen minority.  Turkey s defense minister warned on Tuesday that the breakup of Iraq or Syria could have dire consequences.  A change that will mean the violation of Iraq s territorial integrity poses a major risk for Turkey,  Nurettin Canikli said in Ankara.  The disruption of Syria and Iraq s territorial integrity will ignite a bigger, global conflict with an unseen end.  Turkey, with a large Kurdish population of its own in the south of the country, fears the referendum could embolden the outlawed PKK which has waged an insurgency in the southeast since the 1980s. Canikli said Ankara could not allow the formation of an ethnic-based state in the south of the country.  Nobody should have any doubt that we will take every step, make every decision to stop the growth of risk factors,  he said. Tensions rose after the Kurdish-led provincial council in Erbil voted this month to include Kirkuk in the referendum despite the fact that the city lies outside the official boundaries of the autonomous Kurdistan region.    Kurdish peshmerga fighters prevented Kirkuk s oilfields falling into Islamic State hands when they seized the city and other disputed territories as the Iraqi army collapsed in the face of an IS advance in 2014. In recent months, IS has been driven back across Iraq, but remains dug in close to Kirkuk. Iraq announced on Tuesday the start of an attack to dislodge Islamic State from the town of Ana as they push westward toward al-Qaim, the border post with Syria. Iranian-backed Iraqi Shi ite Muslim militias, highlighting the broader perils emanating from the vote, have threatened to remove peshmerga from Kirkuk should the Kurds persist in holding the vote. The Kurdish authorities are showing no sign of bowing despite intense international pressure and regional appeals, not least from allied Washington, to call off the vote, which Baghdad says is unconstitutional and a prelude to breaking up the country. Friction between Erbil and Baghdad has simmered for years. The Kurds complain central government has not paid the salaries of civil servants in Kurdistan, while Baghdad has strongly opposed Kurdish sales of oil without its consent. The two sides cooperated in the battle against Islamic State but many Iraqis wonder whether the central government can unite a country that has suffered sectarian and ethnic violence since a U.S.-led invasion toppled Saddam Hussein in 2003. Iraqi Kurdish President Massoud Barzani said on Monday he would proceed with the vote in the absence of any international guarantee that Baghdad would hold talks on Kurdish independence,  Although U.S.-backed Iraqi forces have dislodged Islamic State from its urban stronghold of Mosul and dashed its dreams of a caliphate, security officials say the jihadists will now wage guerrilla war in a new attempt to destabilize Iraq.  Three people were killed and 34 injured when two suicide bombers targeted a restaurant on the road between the northern towns of Tikrit and Beiji on Tuesday, the Interior Ministry said. Security forces killed a third suicide bomber outside the restaurant.       ",1
19558,"Inspired by 'blasphemy killer', new Pakistani party eyes 2018 vote","LAHORE, Pakistan (Reuters) - The head of a new Pakistani Islamist party that lionizes the killer of a provincial governor said it would take its rallying cry of  death to blasphemers  to next year s general election, after its surprisingly strong showing in a recent vote. The Tehrik-e-Labaik Pakistan party, which won more than 7,000 votes at a weekend by-election, was born out of a protest movement supporting Mumtaz Qadri, a bodyguard of the governor of Punjab province who gunned down his boss in 2011 over his call to reform strict blasphemy laws. Supporters of Tehreek-e-Labaik waved photos of Qadri, who became an icon for Muslim hardliners after his execution last year, at campaign rallies in the eastern city of Lahore, where it won 6 percent of the vote in a contest for the seat vacated by ousted former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif.  He is a hero,  party leader Khadim Hussain Rizvi said when asked about Qadri, adding that after its third-place finish in Sunday s by-election it would focus on next year s poll.  Our preparation starts from today. We will contest bravely.  While the party has almost no chance of gaining power next year, it is part of a new crop of political movements that espouse stricter Islamic rule as a remedy to corruption accusations and squabbling among Pakistan s three main parties. A stronger showing for Islamists could give them more influence after the election, expected to be hard-fought after the Supreme Court barred Sharif from holding office. In an interview with Reuters, Rizvi outlined his vision of governance according the Barelvi branch of Islam, of which he is a prominent cleric. Frequently citing Koranic verses and Pakistani history, he said his party could solve corruption problems  in a day  through stricter adherence to sharia, or Islamic law.  Sharia will have to be enforced. No one should be worried about it,  he said, sitting in the upper room of a Lahore mosque surrounded by followers, many who had adopted Qadri s signature look of long hair and kohl-lined eyes. He acknowledged his vision would mean some changes to daily life, giving the example of barring women from working as airline flight attendants. In its party platform, Tehrik-e-Labaik Pakistan calls for free education, free healthcare and social justice. But it is best known for its public and passionate support for Mumtaz Qadri - campaign rallies featured posters with Qadri s photo - and its insistence that Muslim-majority Pakistan s blasphemy laws should remain among the world s harshest. Dozens of people convicted of blasphemy are currently on death row and at least 65 Pakistanis have been murdered over blasphemy allegations since 1990, according to the Center for Research and Security Studies. One of the highest-profile killings was of Punjab Governor Taseer, who had called for the laws to be re-examined after a minority Christian woman was sentenced to death for blasphemy. After his arrest over the killing, bodyguard Qadri drew a slew of admirers among Islamists who showered him with rose petal at court hearings. Tens of thousands thronged his funeral last year to condemn Sharif s government for his hanging.  Tehreek-e-Labaik spokesman Ejaz Ashrafi said the party started out as The Movement to Free Mumtaz Qadri, but changed its name and entered politics after his execution.  Asked about Qadri s role as an inspiration to the party, leader Rizvi said:  He is a hero until doomsday. He is a hero beyond doomsday.  Asked if any Muslim has the obligation to kill a blasphemer, Rizvi said:  No ... there is a law. Hand him over to that.  But Qadri, he added, was justified because Pakistani police had failed to charge Taseer with blasphemy for criticizing the law. Tehreek-e-Labaik surprised many by its relatively strong showing in the Lahore by-election to fill the parliamentary seat left vacant when the Supreme Court ousted Sharif over unreported income, in a case initiated by opposition figure Imran Khan. The seat was won, as expected, by Sharif s wife, Kulsoom, but the ruling Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N) party s share of the vote in the constituency was cut to 49.3 percent from 61 percent in a 2013 election. Khan, a former cricket star, saw his Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) party increase its share to 37.6 percent from 35 percent in the last vote. But much of the PML-N s margin loss came from votes cast for candidates of new Islamist parties. In addition to Tehreek-e-Labaik, a newly declared party linked to Hafiz Saeed, named by the United States and India as the mastermind of the 2008 Mumbai attacks that killed 166 people, won about 5 percent of the Lahore vote. Religious parties have never gained more than a few seats in Pakistan s parliament because they tend to appeal to one particular sect or a single issue, such as blasphemy. Still, a surge of support for the ultra-religious parties could drain away votes from mainstream groups and potentially give Islamists leverage in policy-making. Tehreek-e-Labaik s Rizvi said his only goal was to see a stricter vision of Islam enshrined in the law of the land.  We want to bring the religion of Islam to the throne,  he said.  ",1
19559,Record number of states punishing human rights activism: U.N,"GENEVA (Reuters) - A record 29 states, including China, Iran and Saudi Arabia, have retaliated in the past year against citizens who cooperate with the United Nations, the U.N. human rights office said on Wednesday. People communicating with the rights body had been abducted, detained, held incommunicado, or had disappeared, U.N. Assistant Secretary-General for Human Rights Andrew Gilmour said.  Nine of the states named in the report - Burundi, Egypt, Rwanda, Cuba, Venezuela, China, India, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates - are current members of the 47-country U.N. Human Rights Council. Gilmour told the Council that it was  nothing short of abhorrent  that his office had to keep coming back with examples of states victimizing people for helping the United Nations -  Wednesday s was its eighth annual report on the reprisals.  There is something grotesque and entirely contrary to the Charter and spirit of the United Nations, and particularly this Council, that people get punished, through intimidation and reprisals, for cooperating with the U.N. on human rights,  he said. None of the Council members chose to respond to his remarks. The other 20 countries in the report were Algeria, Bahrain, Eritrea, Honduras, Iran, Israel, Mauritania, Mexico, Morocco, Myanmar, Oman, Pakistan, South Sudan, Sri Lanka, Sudan, Tajikistan, Thailand, Turkey, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan. In previous reports, an average of 15 countries were listed, and never more than 20. China and Saudi Arabia have featured on six of the eight lists published so far.  Gilmour said the true number of cases was much higher but the report omitted many for reasons of confidentiality or security of the victim. Among the victims named in the report was Bahraini activist Ebtesam Abdulhusain Ali Alsaegh, who testified to the Council but was then detained on her return to Bahrain and was beaten and sexually assaulted a few weeks later, Gilmour said.  Other victims lost their jobs, had their homes or offices raided, or were targeted by travel bans or asset freezes. Many cases involved arbitrary detention and torture, sometimes by sexual assault or rape.  Some countries  justified  their tactics by saying the individuals were terrorists or cooperating with foreign entities aiming to damage the state, Gilmour said.   I think we should see these individuals as the canary in the coal-mine, bravely singing until they are silenced by this toxic backlash against people, rights and dignity   as a dark warning to us all.  ",1
19560,Kyrgyzstan accuses Kazakhstan of backing opposition presidential candidate,"BISHKEK (Reuters) - Kyrgyzstan accused Kazakhstan on Wednesday of interfering in its Oct. 15 election after Kazakh President Nursultan Nazarbayev met a Kyrgyz opposition presidential candidate, underlining tensions between the Central Asian neighbors.  Nazarbayev s office said on Tuesday he had met the candidate, Omurbek Babanov, a leader of the Kyrgyz opposition Respublika-Ata Zhurt party, in Kazakhstan, and had expressed readiness to work  with a new president in whom the Kyrgyz people will put their trust . The Kyrgyz foreign ministry said it viewed the meeting and Nazarbayev s comments as an expression of support for Babanov, 47, one of the main challengers to the ruling party s candidate.  The Kyrgyz side regards those comments and the wide coverage of this meeting by the Kazakh side as an attempt to influence the choice of the people of Kyrgyzstan and interfere in the domestic affairs of the Kyrgyz Republic,  it said in a note handed to the Kazakh ambassador in Bishkek. Kyrgyz President Almazbek Atambayev is barred by the constitution from running for a second term. His Social Democratic party, which leads a majority coalition in parliament, is backing Sooronbai Jeenbekov, who stepped down as prime minister last month in order to run for the presidency. Kazakhstan s foreign ministry expressed surprise over Bishkek s reaction in a note of reply handed to the Kyrgyz charge d affaires in Astana. It said Nazarbayev had not expressed support for any particular candidate and had held a similar meeting with Jeenbekov in August. Kyrgyzstan, a mostly Muslim ex-Soviet nation, is a parliamentary republic where two previous presidents have been toppled by protests. Kyrgyzstan hosts a Russian military air base and its economy relies heavily on remittances from migrant laborers working in Russia, as well as on gold mining. Kazakhstan, a bigger and wealthier Central Asian nation, is also a Russian ally, but relations between Bishkek and Astana have been rocky due to tensions over cross-border trade and the sharing of water resources. ",1
19561,Fake letters tell Germans the web has worked out their vote,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German prosecutors said on Wednesday they were investigating letters telling voters that their political preferences had already been worked out from their internet postings and there was no need to go to the polls on Sunday. Some of the fake letters carried the logo of federal election authorities, meaning the sender could be guilty of forgery, said the state prosecutor s office in Wiesbaden. The messages were crude and  it would be surprising if people fell for it , a spokesman for the federal election director said.  Still, it s frustrating.  There was no indication of who was behind the letters, and they appeared to be based on a recent joke in a German magazine. But German government officials and security experts have been on the look out for evidence of meddling ahead of the Sept. 24 national vote, following allegations of Russian interference in polls in the United States and France. German computer magazine c t carried a satirical article this month in which a fictional voter is told that their vote will be automatically cast for a certain party given their behavior on the internet and credit card charges. The actual letters sent to German voters suggested the voters would cast their ballots for the  Party of Bible-abiding Christians  or the  Basic Wage Coalition,  RND newspapers reported. Prosecutors said the investigation started after a complaint from the German federal election director, whose office is in Wiesbaden.  The letters looked real, which is why we are investigating possible forgery of documents,  a spokesman for the prosecutor s office said. ",1
19562,Saudi Arabia does not believe Iran abiding by nuclear deal: minister,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia does not believe that Iran is abiding by the 2015 nuclear deal between the Islamic Republic and six world powers, the kingdom s foreign minister said on Wednesday, without elaborating.  We expect the international community to do whatever it takes to ensure that Iran is in compliance,  the minister, Adel al-Jubeir, told reporters at the United Nations. ",1
19563,We want it in writing: Scotland and Wales seek clarity on post-Brexit powers,"LONDON (Reuters) - Scotland and Wales proposed changes on Wednesday to the central UK government s Brexit bill in an attempt to bed down their current powers which they fear could be weakened after Brexit. Scotland s Brexit minister Michael Russell said verbal assurances from London that Edinburgh and Cardiff would keep all their powers after Britain leaves the European Union were not sufficient due to distrust toward the central government.  There needs to be an injection of trust into the negotiating process,  Russell told Scottish lawmakers during a parliamentary committee session in Edinburgh. The EU issue has pulled the United Kingdom s four parts in different directions because England and Wales voted for Brexit while Scotland and Northern Ireland voted to remain in the bloc. The Scottish government, run by the pro-independence Scottish National Party, and its Welsh counterpart, run by Labour, have both accused the Conservative central government of failing to give them a meaningful role in the Brexit process. The EU withdrawal bill, which is currently going through the UK parliament in London, is designed to convert all existing EU laws into domestic ones. It is part of Britain s plan to provide legal clarity before it parts ways with the EU. But the bill has raised hackles in Edinburgh and Cardiff, which currently control policy areas such as health, education, transport and agriculture, because it does not make clear what the status of those devolved powers will be after Brexit. The UK government says that Scotland and Wales will be returned their devolved powers in a second phase, but that has failed to quell anxieties.  We are willing to cooperate with the UK government but this cannot mean allowing (Britain s national parliament) to drive a coach and horses through the devolution settlement,  said Russell in a separate statement.     Under Britain s constitution, the UK parliament must seek consent from the Scottish and Welsh assemblies when legislating on policy areas that overlap into their domestic powers. While they do not have veto powers over the Brexit bill, ignoring their wishes would mark a new low in already tetchy relations between London, Edinburgh and Cardiff. That could give an incentive to the UK government to incorporate at least some of the Scottish and Welsh amendments to avoid the embarrassment of a constitutional clash. Stephen Crabb, a Conservative member of parliament and former minister for Wales, told Reuters he thought there should be some room for maneuver.  UK government ministers probably have to say a bit more and to give a bit more to try to bridge the gulf at the moment,  he said in an interview. ",1
19564,Philippine Congress agrees to restore rights commission budget from $20,"MANILA (Reuters) - The Philippines  Congress lower house agreed on Wednesday to restore the Commission on Human Rights  annual budget, which had been slashed to just $20 after lawmakers allied to President Rodrigo Duterte accused it of only investigating government abuses. The head of the house appropriations panel, Karlo Nograles, said the CHR has promised lawmakers to expand its role by looking into rights violations by criminals and rebel groups. The 294-member Congress will still have to confirm the restoration of CHR s 678 million pesos ($13 million) budget for 2018 in the third and final reading of the appropriations bill next week, Nograles said in a statement. Nograles, a close ally and relative of Duterte, said the decision to restore the budget and that of two other agencies was made after a  frank but cordial  meeting between House Speaker Pantaleon Alvarez and CHR head Chito Gascon.   The Duterte government is not the enemy. We are one with the CHR in the fight against all forms of human rights violation but they must start looking also at the violations committed by criminals and insurgents,  he added. Duterte has faced crticism from human rights groups for his war on drugs in which more than 3,800 people have been killed in police operations in the past 15 months. Police reject allegations that they are executing suspected users and dealers.  ",1
19565,Trump's threat to 'destroy' North Korea is wrong: Merkel,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany and the United States disagree on how to handle the standoff with North Korea, Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Wednesday, condemning U.S. President Donald Trump s threat to  totally destroy  the reclusive state. Merkel, who is expected to win a fourth term in an election on Sunday, said sanctions and diplomacy were the only way to get the nuclear armed state to the negotiating table.  I am against such threats,  Merkel told the Deutsche Welle broadcaster when asked about Trump s remarks at the United Nations.  We consider any form of military solution as totally inappropriate and we insist on a diplomatic solution.  She added:  From my point of view sanctions and their implementation are the right answer. But I consider everything else concerning North Korea as wrong.  Merkel said she told Trump by telephone a few days ago that a diplomatic solution must be found.   ",1
19566,"U.S. urges Congolese security forces' restraint, probe into violence","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. State Department on Wednesday called on the Democratic Republic of the Congo to protect civilians affected by violence in the country s east, and urged its security forces to refrain from excessive force.  Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said the U.S. government was  dismayed  by the deaths of 30 refugees from Burundi and a Congolese soldier in the city of Kamanyola last week, adding:  The cause of the violence must be determined and perpetrators must be held accountable.   ",1
19567,Exclusive: From Russia with fuel - North Korean ships may be undermining sanctions,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - At least eight North Korean ships that left Russia with a cargo of fuel this year headed for their homeland despite declaring other destinations, a ploy that U.S. officials say is often used to undermine sanctions. Reuters has no evidence of wrongdoing by the vessels, whose movements were recorded in Reuters ship-tracking data. Changing a ship s destination once underway is not forbidden and it is unclear whether any of the ships unloaded fuel in North Korea.  But U.S. officials say that changing destination mid-voyage is a hallmark of North Korean state tactics to circumvent the international trade sanctions imposed over Pyongyang s nuclear weapons program. Changing course and the complex chain of different firms  many offshore   involved in shipments can complicate efforts to check how much fuel is supplied to North Korea and monitor compliance with a cap on fuel imports under U.N. sanctions.    As part of North Korea s efforts to acquire revenue, the regime uses shipping networks to import and export goods,  U.S. Assistant Secretary of the Treasury Marshall S. Billingslea told the congressional Foreign Affairs Committee this month.  North Korea employs deceptive practices to conceal the true origins of these goods. Pyongyang has been found to routinely falsify a vessel s identity and documentation.   The eight vessels identified in the tracking data set sail from the Far Eastern Russian port of Vladivostok or nearby Nakhodka and registered China or South Korea as their destination with the Information System for State Port Control. After leaving Russia, they were next recorded off the North Korean ports of Kimchaek, Chongjin, Hungnam or Najin. None went on to China and most went back to Russia.   All had a cargo of diesel, a source at the company that services vessels in Vladivostok said. Their cargo capacity ranged from 500 tonnes to 2,000 tonnes.  One of the vessels was the Ma Du San, owned by North Korea s Korea Kyongun Shipping Co. It took on a cargo of 545 tonnes of marine fuel at Vladivostok s Pervaya Rechka terminal, owned by Russia s Independent Petroleum company (IPC).  Reuters obtained a bill of lading   a receipt for goods issued when a ship loads up   dated May 19 showing the Ma Du San s cargo came from Khabarovskiy NPZ, a refinery owned by IPC. The ship set sail on May 20. Documents filed with Russia s Information System for State Port Control stated its next destination as the Chinese port of Zhanjiang and the bill of lading showed it as Busan in South Korea. The Ma Du San s next recorded location after Vladivostok was inside the perimeter of the port of Kimchaek   all the other ships were tracked only in the vicinity of ports. North Korean ships intermittently turn off their transponders, and satellites cannot track them at such times, U.S. officials say. Allegations outlined in two U.S. Treasury Department sanctions orders and a legal complaint filed by the U.S. government match the information Reuters obtained on the Ma Du San though the U.S. documents do not name the vessel involved.  On June 1, the U.S. Treasury Department included IPC on its sanctions blacklist, saying it provided oil to North Korea and may have been involved in circumventing sanctions. On Aug. 22, the U.S. government sanctioned two more companies, both registered in Singapore   Transatlantic Partners and Velmur Management Pte. Ltd. The legal complaint, also filed on Aug. 22, accused the two firms of money laundering on behalf of sanctioned North Korean banks seeking to buy petroleum products, citing a bill of lading for May 19 for a cargo of diesel sold by IPC to Velmur and loaded in Vladivostok   the same date as the bill of lading for the Ma Du San. Andrey Serbin, who represents Transatlantic Partners, said the firm had not received payments from a sanctions-hit bank and that ownership of the fuel changed after it was loaded.  We sold the fuel to a Chinese company,  Serbin, who has been blacklisted by the U.S. government for  operating in the energy industry in the North Korean economy  and working to purchase fuel for delivery to North Korea, said of several shipments where the company acted as middleman.   There s no way we can control them (the goods),  he said. Serbin did not identify the vessels Transatlantic Partners loaded fuel on to, but a source in a company that services ships in Vladivostok said the Ma Du San was among them.  The bill of lading named the recipient of the Ma Du San s cargo as a company called LLC Sky Shipping Limited. Reuters was unable to find any record of such a firm. Velmur said it could not have known where the cargo would end up and did not knowingly help anyone dodge sanctions.  IPC did not respond to a request for comment. Its parent company, Bermuda-registered Alliance Oil Company Ltd., denied having any contractual relations with North Korean companies when U.S. sanctions were imposed on IPC. The U.S. Treasury and State departments declined to answer questions about Reuters  findings. Russia s foreign ministry did not respond to questions about fuel exports to North Korea but has said Russia complies with the sanctions. Russia s customs service said it could not provide information about movement of goods across borders. Since the U.S. sanctions were imposed on IPC, all North Korean-flagged vessels that had been in Vladivostok port have left, according to the tracking data.  They departed with no cargo, an employee with a shipping agent in Vladivostok said. This is confirmed by documents seen by Reuters. Russian supplies of oil and oil products to North Korea are much smaller than volumes shipped by China, Pyongyang s only major ally. Beijing has acted to reduce the flows, but Russia s trade in all goods with North Korea more than doubled in the first quarter of 2017 to $31.4 million. Moscow s trade with Pyongyang is under closer scrutiny following a series of missile launches by North Korea and a test involving what it said was a hydrogen bomb.  (GRAPHIC - After Russia, ships located off North Korea click tmsnrt.rs/2xvVgL0)  (This story fixes punctuation in paragraph 5) ",1
19568,Merkel dismisses hecklers as polls point to fourth term,"WISMAR, Germany (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel is on track to win a fourth term in Sunday s national election despite a dip in support for her conservatives, a poll showed on Tuesday, and she shrugged off calls to quit from far-right hecklers. Merkel has been repeatedly booed during the election campaign, particularly in Germany s formerly Communist east, where support is strongest for the anti-immigration Alternative for Germany (AfD), set to enter parliament for the first time. An opinion poll published on Tuesday by the Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung daily put the AfD on 10 percent, up two points since the end of August, while Merkel s Christian Democrats (CDU) and their Bavarian CSU allies slipped two points to 36.5 percent. However, the CDU/CSU remain far ahead of the center-left Social Democrats, which were also down two points on 22 percent, according to the poll conducted by Allensbach for the FAZ, while the business-friendly Free Democrats edged up to 11 percent.  People who whistle and heckle contribute little,  Merkel told a CDU rally in the northeastern port town of Wismar, not far from where she grew up. Merkel was unperturbed when a man shouted  Traitor to the fatherland  during her speech, while several dozen supporters of the far-right National Democratic Party gathered outside,  carrying posters reading  Merkel must go!   Hundreds of AfD party members and anti-Islam activists rallied together in the eastern city of Dresden on Monday, counting down the days to a vote set to make the AfD the first far-right group in Germany s parliament in more than 50 years. The AfD has capitalized on discontent over the influx of  one million migrants into Germany in 2015 and 2016, but the other parties all refuse to work with the AfD and no one wants to sit next to them in parliament. Merkel contrasted Tuesday s hecklers with the contribution of 30 million Germans who are involved in voluntary associations, including those who help support refugees. But she added that the recent wave of migrants  should not and will not be repeated . Another poll, conducted by Forsa for RTL television and Stern magazine, showed support for Merkel s CDU/CSU bloc fell one percentage point in the last week to 36 percent, its lowest since April, while the SPD was unchanged on 23 percent. SPD leader Martin Schulz has been campaigning against inequality, but his message has failed to gain traction at a time when unemployment is at its lowest in decades. The Allensbach poll showed that 21 percent think the CDU has done the best job to address the issues that interest voters, compared to 15 percent for the SPD and 14 percent for the AfD. In fresh positive news from the economy, the Mannheim-based ZEW research institute said the mood among German investors improved more than expected in September as worries about the stronger euro faded. The ZEW survey suggested markets expect Europe s biggest economy to continue its solid performance in the coming months, buoyed by record-high employment, rising real wages and ultra-low borrowing costs that are supporting a consumer-led upswing. With Merkel s conservatives commanding a solid poll lead, the main question in Germany now is who she will govern with after the election, rather than whether she will stay in power. The latest polls put support for the far-left party Die Linke at 9-10 percent, and the environmentalist Greens on 8 percent. This means that only another grand coalition of Merkel s conservatives with the SPD or a three-way alliance of the conservatives, FDP and Greens would have a stable majority. The Allensbach poll showed 23 percent of voters would prefer a coalition of conservatives with the FDP, while 14 percent want a continuation of the current grand coalition and 10 percent favor an alliance of SPD, Linke and Greens. ",1
19569,Germany sees no sign of cyber attack before Sept. 24 election,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German government officials and security experts say they have not seen signs of hacking or suspicious news leaks ahead of the Sept. 24 election despite months of warnings about possible foreign meddling. The BSI federal cyber protection agency said it was keeping a close watch on possible efforts to influence the election from abroad, as well as efforts to close security gaps discovered in a widely-used vote-tabulating software.  We have no indications of any new incidents or attacks in connection with the federal election,  a BSI spokesman said. Other German government sources confirmed they had not detected any unusual activity, but noted a major leak of emails belonging to then candidate Emmanuel Macron did not surface until shortly before France s presidential election. Tyson Barker, a fellow at the German arm of the U.S.-based Aspen Institute think tank, said German political parties had agreed not to play up any fake news or embarrassing information.  There is a stronger cohesion ... within the German political class to make sure that this is not impactful on the election results if it were to come to pass,  Barker said. Meanwhile, vote IT GmbH, maker of a vote collation software, is implementing a series of BSI recommendations after private researchers discovered vulnerabilities with the software at the end of July, according to BSI officials. vote IT declined to comment.  The problems, first reported this month, followed repeated warnings from Berlin that Russia could try to influence the election after a major breach of the German parliament in 2015 that was linked to the APT 28 Russian hacker group. French and U.S. officials also said Moscow sought to influence their elections. Moscow denies any effort to sway foreign elections. Klaus Poetzsch, spokesman for the German federal election director, said it was unclear exactly how many of the 12,000 local communities used the vote IT software, but his office had made it clear to all election authorities they must carry out regular software updates. He said vote IT was  plugging the biggest of the security holes  identified, but lawmakers would likely undertake a comprehensive review of security, and possible reforms, such as requirement of a uniform certification process for all vote collation software, after the election. Germans will vote on paper at polling stations or by mail in advance and the ballots will be counted and entered into a computer system. However, news reports earlier this month cited concerns about the vote collation software, particularly the lack of an authentication step when results are transmitted. Barker called the incident a wake-up call for the German public.  Just because we re doing this on paper doesn t mean that from end to end there is protection throughout the process as far as tabulating results,  he said. Kevin Bocek, vice president of security strategy and threat intelligence at Venafi, a U.S.-based cyber security firm, said hackers were growing increasingly more sophisticated and attacks often went undetected for many months. He said it was not surprising problems were found with vote IT s software, given that it had been in use for so long.  We ve got a lot of catching up to do,  he said.  A lot of investment, a lot of effort is going to be required to keep up with the adversaries.  Poetzsch said around 200 employees of the federal election office would be in Berlin and Wiesbaden on the day of the election to manage the vote process.     ",1
19570,Far right makes most noise on Twitter in German election,"FRANKFURT (Reuters) - The far right is making the most noise on Twitter during Germany s election campaign, but far less fake news is being spread in Germany than the United States saw before the election that put Donald Trump in power, an Oxford University study has found. Of the million tweets tracked in the study, 30 percent were tied to the anti-immigration Alternative for Germany (AfD). The party is polling around 10 percent, putting it on track to enter parliament for the first time after the Sept. 24 election. But more broadly, German users of Twitter showed a greater aversion to  junk  news than their counterparts in the United States before the November presidential election or in Britain before its general election in June. And Twitter itself is used far less by Germans than by Americans and Britons. Junk news as defined by the researchers includes various forms of propaganda and hyper-partisan or conspiratorial political news, but also more modest community activist content, political satire and links to non-German language content. Nor have government officials and security experts seen signs of the kind of hacking and suspicious news leaks suspected of playing a role in the U.S. and French presidential elections. In any case, the sharing of false or misleading headlines and mass posting by automated  bots  appears to have had little influence in a placid German campaign, the report s authors said. Polls predict Angela Merkel will easily win her fourth term as chancellor.  The impact of political bots was minor overall, with highly automated accounts generating a small fraction of the Twitter traffic about the election,  wrote authors Lisa-Maria Neudert, Bence Kollanyi and Philip Howard of the Project on Computational Propaganda. Most of the bots were working in the service of the AfD, they added. The survey was taken from around 150,000 Twitter accounts in the first 10 days of September, using hashtags associated with Germany s main political parties, leading candidates and the election itself. Hashtags are used to flag and search for themes on Twitter, which tracks popular trending topics. The data showed German Twitter users were four times more likely to post links to stories from recognized, professional news organizations than to junk news - a higher ratio than in the United States and Britain, but lower than in France. Merkel warned last November of the potential influence of social bots and digital misinformation on public opinion, and mainstream political parties pledged to refrain from using them in campaigning. Her own Christian Democrats, polling around 36 percent, only accounted for 18 percent of political chatter on Twitter. The Social Democrats, polling in second on around 22 percent, accounted for 9 percent of election-related tweets. German lawmakers have passed tough legislation that imposes fines of up to 50 million euros ($60 million) on companies operating social media platforms if they fail to take down defamatory and fake news promptly. The tough penalties reflect concern about political propaganda and manipulation dating back to Germany s history of totalitarian rule - both fascist and communist - during the 20th century.  The 2017 German elections have produced one of the lowest levels of automated content on Twitter as compared to all the democracies we have studied,  the researchers wrote. The group has conducted similar studies over the past year in Britain, France and the United States. ",1
19571,Dutch government seeks to overturn court ruling on Srebrenica,"THE HAGUE (Reuters) - The Dutch government has asked the country s supreme court to overturn a ruling that the Netherlands was partly responsible for the death of 300 Muslim men killed in the 1995 Srebrenica massacres. The victims were killed after being turned away from a Dutch-run United Nations base where thousands had sought refuge from attacking Bosnian Serb forces at the tail-end of the 1992-95 Bosnian war. Dutch peacekeepers, out-manned and out-gunned by the Bosnian Serbs, did little more than look on as the men were separated from women and deported to killing sites. Up to 8,000 Muslim men and boys in total were killed at Srebrenica in the first genocide in Europe since World War Two.  We do not share the judge s opinion that Dutch U.N. peacemakers acted unlawfully and we do not understand how the court reached that verdict,  Klaas Meijer, Defence Ministry spokesman, told Reuters on Wednesday. He was referring to an appeals court verdict in June confirming a 2014 ruling that said the Dutch peacekeepers should have known that the Muslim men would be murdered if they were forced to leave the U.N. base. The supreme court can only overturn an appeal ruling if it finds that the lower court erred in law or procedure.  Former Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic has been convicted of genocide and sentenced to 40 years imprisonment. His chief military commander, General Ratko Mladic, is currently on trial at the U.N. Yugoslav tribunal in The Hague. A verdict in his case is expected in November. ",1
19572,Slovakia delays decision to replace Russian fighter jets,"BRATISLAVA (Reuters) - Slovakia will postpone a planned fighter jet purchase pending a broader upgrade of its armed forces, the defense minister said on Wednesday, following warnings that such a move could prolong its dependence on Russia. The central European NATO member state has been in talks with several firms about replacing its aging Russian-made MiG-29s. Peter Gajdos mentioned U.S. F-16 fighter jets from Lockheed Martin and Gripen jets made by Sweden s Saab as options. Neighboring Hungary and the Czech Republic already operate the latter. Slovakia was expected to make decision by the end of this month, but Gajdos said this would be delayed.  We need to modernize the ground forces which are the backbone of our military. While we have been replacing some parts of the air force, the ground forces have not been renewed for decades,  he said.      Slovakia is due to spend about 6.5 billion euros ($7.80 billion) by 2030 to modernize its army, the defense ministry said in a strategy document, released last week and to be debated in the first half of 2018. Its spending on defense is due to rise from 1.1 percent of GDP to 1.6 percent in 2020 and 2.0 percent by 2024. Prime Minister Robert Fico said last month Slovakia should pick  European solutions  for the army if it wanted to be part of a more deeply integrated core European Union. Gajdos, from the nationalist, eurosceptic SNS party that forms part of the governing coalition, has faced criticism from both its partners   Fico s leftist Smer and the centrist Most party   that delays in closing the fighter deal could prolong Slovakia s dependence on Russia.  If the finance ministry and government earmark money for all projects, we are ready to finalize the ongoing negotiations and close the deal  on new jets, Gajdos said. In 2015, Slovakia made a deal to buy nine U.S.-made Black Hawk helicopters to replace its Russian Mi-17 fleet, and signed with Italy s Alenia Aermacchi for two Spartan C-27J transport aircraft to replace Russian Antonovs the year before. The government already approved a plan to spend 1.2 billion euros ($1.44 billion) to replace its outdated armored personnel carriers in May. Slovakia has a maintenance contract with Russia for its 12 MiG-29s until autumn 2019. If it does not order new jets soon it would need to prolong that, as they would typically take 18-24 months to deliver.  Prolongation of the Mig-29s contract is the plan B, the plan A is the purchase of new jets. I won t accept any other than a pro-European and pro-Atlantic solution (for their replacement),  Gajdos said.  ",1
19573,France's Macron says mistake to pull out of Iran nuclear deal,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron said it would be a mistake to pull out of the 2015 nuclear pact between Iran and world powers after the Trump administration indicated it had objections to aspects of the deal.  According to me we have to keep the 2015 agreement because it was a good one,  Macron told reporters at the United Nations.  It would be a mistake to annul the nuclear agreement without anything else,  he said, and declined to say whether U.S. president Donald Trump had told him of his decision on whether to keep the United States as a party to the accord. ",1
19574,Iran prepared to resume curbed nuclear work if Trump quits deal: Iranian official,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Iran is prepared for all possible scenarios if U.S. President Donald Trump scraps a nuclear deal reached between Tehran and six major powers in 2015, a senior Iranian official told Reuters on Wednesday.  Iran is ready for any possible scenarios if Trump walks out of the deal. That includes immediately resuming its nuclear work that was curbed under the deal,  said the official on condition of anonymity.  ",1
19575,"Opposition official, others charged with plotting against Rwandan government","KIGALI (Reuters) - A Rwandan opposition official and eight others were charged on Wednesday with forming an armed group and seeking to overthrow the government - indictments that could see them jailed for life. Boniface Twagirimana, the vice president of the FDU Inkingi movement, denied the charges in the Kigali court. The party s leader, Victoire Ingabire, is already in jail, convicted of conspiring to form an armed group and other charges in 2013. The prosecutor said the defendants had joined  P5 , describing it as an umbrella group of five organizations, including FDU Inkingi, operating outside the country. The central African nation has been widely praised for the speed of its economic growth, and for its overall recovery from the genocide that killed more than 800,000 people in 1994. But rights groups have accused it of fueling conflict and backing armed groups in neighboring Democratic Republic of Congo. President Paul Kagame has also faced mounting criticism for what activists say are widespread abuses, a muzzling of independent media, and suppression of political opposition - accusations he dismisses. Only one defendant pleaded guilty to a charge - Papias Ndayishimiye, who said he had planned to join the group to  offer some help .  He joined the others in denying plotting against the government. They could be jailed for 10-15 years if convicted of forming an armed group, and for life if found guilty of planning to overthrow the government. Early this month, police arrested Diane Shima Rwigara, a leading critic of Kagame, and charged her with forgery and tax evasion.  ",1
19576,"EU's Tusk, UK's May to talk Brexit next Tuesday","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - European Council President Donald Tusk said he would meet with British Prime Minister Theresa May in London next Tuesday to discuss Brexit, days after she is due to make a keynote speech on her vision for future ties with the EU. He made the comment in a tweet after meeting May at the United Nations General Assembly. The London meeting between the pair will come at a sensitive time - just after her speech in Florence on Friday and before an EU heads of state dinner on Sept. 28 in Tallinn, Estonia. The Financial Times said May s top EU adviser has told his counterparts in several European that she would in Florence offer to fill a post-Brexit EU budget hole of at least 20 billion euros. The newspaper cited officials briefed on the discussions. Senior EU officials have given talk of such offers short shrift. They have dismissed suggestions floated in British media that an offer of up to 30 billion euros payable during a transition period after Brexit would be acceptable to Brussels.  It could not be, they have said, an alternative to the 60 billion or so that the EU executive has estimated may be payable before Brexit in March 2019. Brussels negotiators acknowledge privately that it may help the British government  sell  its settlement to domestic voters if London can meld the exit payments with transition payments to reduce the headline  divorce bill . EU officials told Reuters there would be no discussion of Brexit at the Tallinn dinner but that May might take the opportunity to brief the bloc s other 27 leaders on her position. Talks on Brexit have made little progress and deepened rifts in May s party, setting up the Florence speech as a chance to put negotiations back on track and reassert her authority. While Tusk is coordinating the 27 EU leaders on Brexit, only Michel Barnier is negotiating with the British and they have made clear to London that he is the only point of contact for Brexit talks. Barnier s negotiating directives have frustrated his British counterparts, who want to move the talks from divorce issues such as the EU departure bill and Irish border to future relations. Barnier first wants to see progress on the terms of Britain s exit. ",1
19577,"Trump says he has made decision on Iran deal, declines to say what it is","NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Wednesday that he had made a decision on whether or not to pull the United States out of the 2015 nuclear deal between Iran and world powers, but he declined to say what it was. Trump, when asked by reporters, said:  I have decided.  If Trump does not certify in October that Iran is complying with the agreement, the U.S. Congress will have 60 days to decide whether to reimpose sanctions waived under the pact.    ",1
19578,Italy's center-right in search of a leader as election nears,"ROME (Reuters) - Former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi returned to frontline Italian politics at the weekend, staking his claim to lead a resurgent center-right into national elections that are expected early next year. At exactly the same moment, Berlusconi s outspoken ally, Matteo Salvini, was addressing his Northern League party and laying down his own marker to become the next prime minister.  Salvini Premier  read a sign stuck to the lectern. In reality, neither man looks likely to head the next government if they pull off an election victory, and possible alternative candidates are already emerging.  There is an apparent power struggle going on between Berlusconi and Salvini, but it will not get out of hand. They know a violent clash would be suicidal with voters,  said Piero Ignazi, politics professor at Bologna University.  The truth is both men will remain head of their respective parties, but they won t be the next prime minister,  he said. This would open the way for a consensus candidate who would have to bridge the huge divergences between the three main rightist parties   from the fierce anti-EU agenda put forward by both the Northern League and Brothers of Italy to the pro-European vision embraced by Berlusconi on Sunday. Latest opinion polls show this trio of long-standing allies are pulling ahead in the polls and predicted to win a combined 35 percent of the vote, with the anti-migrant Northern League just ahead of Berlusconi  Forza Italia on some 15 percent. By contrast, the anti-establishment 5-Star Movement and ruling center-left Democratic Party (PD) are seen on around 28 percent apiece. The 5-Star has ruled out any coalition alliances and the center-left pool of votes is shrinking as various leftist parties engage in ferocious infighting. Under the current electoral system no party or bloc looks like winning enough seats to govern alone. However, political analysts say the wind is filling the center-right s sails after years of adverse conditions, giving it pre-election momentum. Berlusconi ignominiously resigned from power in 2011 during a sovereign debt crisis. Mired in sex scandals and legal woes, he was subsequently expelled from the Senate and banned from running for office due to a 2013 tax fraud conviction. Open heart surgery last year left most analysts writing his political obituary. But not for the first time, the media tycoon, now 81, bounced back and has appealed to the European Court of Human Rights to overturn the ban on seeking election. A hearing is scheduled for November, but a verdict is unlikely to come for several months, meaning he almost certainly will not be able to stand in the next national ballot, which is due by May 2018 and widely expected to be held in March.  Despite his age, Berlusconi would love to be prime minister again. It would be his last hurrah. But realistically speaking, it is not about to happen,  said a Forza Italia official, who declined to be named because of the sensitivity of the issue. Significantly, Berlusconi made his political comeback speech at an event organized by Forza Italia stalwart Antonio Tajani, the president of the European Parliament. Party sources said Tajani was in pole position to be Berlusconi s surrogate. While Berlusconi s name abroad evokes memories of  bunga bunga  sex parties and wisecracks, Tajani is a much less colorful character, whose pro-European instincts would make him a reassuring figure for international markets. Those very same instincts would pose a problem for Berlusconi s hardline allies, who have regularly denounced the European Union and have called for Italy to quit the euro.  The leader of the center-right needs to be chosen through a clear process, perhaps a primary,  Giorgia Meloni, the head of Brothers of Italy, told Sky Italia television on Sunday.  I imagine that whatever grassroots method you decide, Tajani will not win out,  she said. Brothers of Italy is a small, nationalist party, which is anti-migrant and anti-euro. It tries to differentiate itself from the League by saying it focuses on the whole country, not just the wealthy north.      Buoyed by the League s strong poll numbers, Salvini says the leader of the party which wins the most votes next year should automatically be the prime ministerial candidate.  But Berlusconi, a four-times premier, has ruled out handing over the baton of power to Salvini, who has embraced Europe s far-right and endorsed France s National Front.  We created the center-right in Italy and we have always been its leader, laying out and fulfilling its program,  Berlusconi said on Sunday. The two men have not spoken for months, saying they are in no hurry to discuss strategy. Political analysts have speculated that the pro-business Forza Italia might find it easier to create a government of national unity with former prime minister Matteo Renzi s PD party rather than the populist Northern League. Forza Italia loyalists reject this notion.  We ruled with the Northern League for years in national government and we are ruling with them now in the regions and it is going well,  said Forza Italia lawmaker Deborah Bergamini. One such regional coalition is in Liguria, headed by Forza Italia s Giovanni Toti. He attended both the Forza Italia and Northern League rallies at the weekend and is due to take part in a Brothers of Italy meeting this weekend.  Toti has been carefully building bridges between the three parties and would be a natural choice to head any national coalition,  Bologna University s Ignazi said. ",1
19579,U.S. must suffer 'painful responses' from Iran after Trump speech: Guards chief,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - The head of Iran s Revolutionary Guards said on Wednesday that the United States should experience  painful responses  following President Donald Trump s harsh criticism of Tehran at the United Nations. In his first speech to the U.N. General Assembly on Tuesday Trump called Iran  a corrupt dictatorship  and accused it of supporting terrorism and destabilizing the Middle East. He also hinted he might not recertify a 2015 nuclear deal with Tehran when it comes up for a mid-Oct. deadline.  Taking a definitive stand against Trump is only the beginning of the path,  said General Mohammad Ali Jafari, according to Sepah News, the news site of the Revolutionary Guards.  What is strategically important is that America witnesses more painful responses in the actions, behavior and decisions that Iran takes in the coming months.  In recent months, tensions have ramped up between Iran and the United States in the Gulf, with both sides accusing each other of provocative maneuvers with military vessels. Jafari urged Iranian President Hassan Rouhani to deliver a definitive response to Trump in his speech at the United Nations on Wednesday.  With the successive and exhausting defeats that the Americans have faced in the region from Iran, it s natural that their nervous system and coherence of thought have fallen apart,  Sepah News quoted Jafari as saying. In Tuesday s speech, Trump called the 2015 nuclear deal, negotiated between Iran and six world powers, and backed by his predecessor Barack Obama,  an embarrassment . Under the deal, Iran agreed to curb its atomic program in return for easing economic sanctions. ",1
19580,"Russia rebukes Trump over Iran, North Korea, accuses U.S. of missile treaty breach","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia is  extremely concerned  by U.S. President Donald Trump s comments questioning the Iran nuclear deal and suspects that Washington itself may have violated a landmark arms control treaty, Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said.  Lavrov s comments, made to Russian reporters at the United Nations in New York and published by his ministry on Wednesday, illustrate how deeply Moscow and Washington are at odds over an array of issues and suggest any attempts to improve already battered relations face an uphill struggle.     Addressing the United Nations General Assembly on Tuesday, Trump said Iran s 2015 pact with six world powers to curb its nuclear program in return for loosening economic sanctions was  an embarrassment to the United States . Washington could not abide by an agreement  if it provides cover for the eventual construction of a nuclear program,  Trump said. Lavrov, whose country is a signatory to the deal, said Russia strongly disagreed with that stance.  It s extremely worrying,  he said.  We will defend this document, this consensus, which was met with relief by the entire international community and genuinely strengthened both regional and international security.  Trump s threat in the same U.N. appearance to  totally destroy  North Korea if it had to defend itself or it allies also went down badly with Russia, which shares a border with North Korea and believes negotiations and diplomacy are the only way to resolve a crisis over Pyongyang s missile program.  If you simply condemn and threaten, then we re going to antagonize countries over whom we want to exert influence,  said Lavrov, referring to Trump s comments.  He saved some of his harshest criticism however for what he said was a possible violation by the United States of a landmark 1987 arms control treaty which bans Russian and American intermediate-range missiles on land. A senior Trump administration official accused Russia earlier this year of violating the same pact   the Intermediate-range Nuclear Forces (INF) treaty   something Moscow denied. But Lavrov said it looked like it was Washington, which is in the midst of a $1 trillion, 30-year modernization of its aging ballistic missile submarines, bombers and land-based missiles, that was in breach of the same treaty.   We have suspicions on at least three fronts that the Americans are creating weapons systems which violate or could violate the treaty obligations,  said Lavrov, who said Moscow had relayed its concerns to the United States.  Lavrov has met U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson twice in New York this week. ",1
19581,Leaders of far-right UK group charged with religiously aggravated harassment,"LONDON (Reuters) - The leaders of a far-right British political group, Britain First, were charged with causing religiously aggravated harassment on Wednesday, police said. Paul Golding, 35, and his deputy Jayda Fransen, 31, both from southeast London, were arrested in May over the distribution of leaflets in Kent to the east of London, and online videos they posted during a court trial. The case involved a number a Muslim men who were later convicted of rape. Both were bailed to appear at Medway magistrates in Kent on Oct. 17.  The fringe group, which is opposed to all mass immigration and says it is not a racist but a loyalist movement, has staged a number of demonstrations around Britain, usually attracting a few hundred protesters. ",1
19582,"Raqqa campaign in final stages, SDF says","BEIRUT (Reuters) - The U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) said on Wednesday its campaign to capture Raqqa from Islamic State (IS) was in its final stages and its fighters had seized 80 percent of the city. In its fight against a separate operation waged by the Syrian army and its allies, Islamic State has collapsed along the west bank of the Euphrates downstream of Raqqa, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said on Wednesday.  IS has lost swathes of territory in Syria this year, attacked from the north by the SDF and from the west by the Syrian army, which has pushed it back across the desert to its last strongholds in the Euphrates valley.  The SDF, an alliance of Kurdish and Arab militias, launched its offensive on the jihadist group in Raqqa city in June, backed by U.S.-led air strikes and special forces on the ground. The city had served as Islamic State s de facto capital in Syria. In a statement on Wednesday, the SDF said it had opened a new front against IS on the northern edge of Raqqa. This was  a feature of the final stages of the Euphrates Wrath campaign, which is nearing its end .  We can say that 80 percent of the city of Raqqa has been liberated,  the statement said. An SDF media official said the main obstacles facing the alliance in Raqqa are avoiding civilian casualties and a high concentration of mines. He estimated that 700 to 1,000 IS fighters remain in the city. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said on Wednesday that Islamic State now controls only 5 percent of the city and its remaining militants there have nearly run out of food and munitions. In Deir al-Zor province of eastern Syria, Islamic State is battling two separate offensives, launched by the SDF on one side and the Syrian army and its allies on the other. The Syrian army, backed by Russian and Syrian war planes, has captured about 100 km (160 miles) of the west bank of the Euphrates this month, reaching Raqqa provincial border on Wednesday, the Observatory reported. Syrian troops also crossed to the eastern side of the river on Monday. The SDF s advances have been on the eastern bank of the river. The convergence of the two rival offensives has increased tensions in Deir al-Zor. The U.S.-backed militia on Monday warned against any further Syrian army advances on the eastern riverbank. On Tuesday, Russia s Defence Ministry said the Euphrates had risen as soon as the Syrian army began crossing it. The only way that could have happened was if upstream dams held by the U.S.-backed opposition had been opened, it said.  A fire at a major gas field known as Conoco raged through Tuesday night and into Wednesday, the Observatory said, after Syrian state media reported that the army was advancing toward it. Islamic State had fled the area, the Observatory added.  The hardline militants lost their main stronghold in Iraq, the city of Mosul, in July to Western-backed Iraqi forces. ",1
19583,UK police arrest three in Wales over London train bomb attack,"NEWPORT, Wales (Reuters) - British police arrested three men in south Wales over last week s bombing of a busy commuter train in west London, meaning five people are now being questioned by detectives over the attack which injured 30 people.  A 25-year-old man was arrested on Tuesday evening in Newport, while two others, aged 48 and 30, were detained at another address in the Welsh town in the early hours of Wednesday, London police said.  This continues to be a fast-moving investigation. A significant amount of activity has taken place since the attack on Friday,  said Commander Dean Haydon, head of London police s Counter Terrorism Command.  We now have five men in custody and searches are continuing at four addresses. Detectives are carrying out extensive inquiries to determine the full facts behind the attack.  The home-made bomb went off on Friday during the morning rush hour on a packed train at Parsons Green underground station, engulfing the carriage in flames, although it appeared that the device did not fully explode.     In the aftermath, the authorities raised Britain s threat level to its highest rank of critical, meaning an attack was considered imminent, but lowered this after arresting two men on Saturday.   An 18-year-old was arrested in the departure lounge at the port of Dover on Saturday and another suspect, 21, was detained hours later in the west London suburb of Hounslow. Both were said by local media to have links to a property in Sunbury-on-Thames, a town just outside London, where police were carrying out a major search.  The house belongs to a couple who have fostered hundreds of children, including refugees. The leader of the local authority was quoted as saying the 18-year-old was an Iraqi who had come to Britain as an orphan.  Islamic State militants said they were responsible for the attack although both British and U.S. officials have cast doubt on the claim, saying there was no evidence any recognized militant group had ordered or organized the bombing. Friday s bombing was the fifth major attack regarded by authorities as a terrorist incident in Britain this year which have claimed the lives of 36 people. ",1
19584,Dozens of states sign nuclear weapons ban treaty at United Nations,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Dozens of countries signed a treaty to ban nuclear weapons on Wednesday amid tensions over North Korea s nuclear and missile tests, although the United States, Britain, France and others boycotted the event at the annual United Nations gathering of world leaders. The treaty on the prohibition of nuclear weapons will enter into force 90 days after 50 countries have ratified it. Only a few states were due to deposit their ratification on Wednesday.   There remain some fifteen thousand nuclear weapons in existence. We cannot allow these doomsday weapons to endanger our world and our children s future,  U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres said as he opened the treaty for signing.  Earlier this month North Korea conducted its sixth and largest nuclear weapons test. U.S. President Donald Trump told the 193-member U.N. General Assembly on Tuesday that if threatened, the United States would  totally destroy  the country of 26 million people and mocked its leader, Kim Jong Un, as a  rocket man.  The treaty was adopted in July by two-thirds of the 193 U.N. member states after months of talks, which the United States, Britain, France and others skipped. They instead pledged commitment to a decades-old Non-Proliferation Treaty, which aims to prevent the spread of nuclear weapons and weapons technology. The United States, Britain and France are among nine countries believed to have nuclear weapons. ",1
19585,Islamic State targets Iranian aid convoy in eastern Syria,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Islamic State mortar shells on Wednesday targeted an Iranian aid convoy to areas recently captured by the Syrian army and its allies in Deir al-Zor in eastern Syria, a military media unit run by the government s ally Hezbollah said. The mortar injured one person and caused material damage, Hezbollah-affiliated al-Manar television reported, but the convoy, carrying over 1,000 tonnes of aid, was not damaged, it said. ",1
19586,Belarus plays down Western fears of aggression stirred by joint war games with Russia,"BORISOV FIRING RANGE, Belarus (Reuters) - Belarus said on Wednesday the West had no reason to fear attack by its close ally Russia or that Moscow could leave behind forces after war games it is holding with Minsk for a possible occupation of Western neighbors. Russia has repeatedly said the exercises, code named  Zapad  or  West  which began on Sept. 14, are purely defensive in nature and do not target a third country or group of countries. NATO has voiced concern that Moscow could use the war games as a cover to station troops and equipment in Belarus. The U.S.-led alliance has said the drills lack transparency and the number of troops taking part could be much larger than the 12,700 servicemen declared by Moscow and Minsk. Russia s neighbors have said they fear Moscow could use the exercises as a rehearsal for an occupation of adjacent nations like Poland, Ukraine or the three Baltic republics - all of which were under Moscow s rule before the Communist Soviet Union broke up in 1991. Poland and the Baltics are now members of NATO and the European Union, while Ukraine is pursuing such ties.  The attempt to discredit the exercises is extremely unprofessional,  said Belarussian President Alexander Lukashenko.  We won t wage war on anyone. Do not expect any attack from us - especially on Ukraine,  he told reporters at a firing range  75 km (47 miles) east of Belarus s capital Minsk after overseeing the last day of Zapad maneuvers.  All the troops will be back to the sites of their permanent deployment,  he said, dressed in camouflage uniform as supreme commander.  In a week, this issue will become irrelevant.  On an overcast and rainy day, he watched from a vantage point as allied troops of Russia and Belarus repelled a simulated attack by forces of three fictitious neighboring nations on Belarus. Aircraft zeroed in on ground targets after mock dogfighting, after which a ground offensive unfolded. Hours earlier, Lithuanian President Dalia Grybauskait  made the exercises the centerpiece of her annual speech to the United Nations General Assembly in New York.  Even as we speak, around 100,000 Russian troops are engaged in offensive military exercise  Zapad 2017  on the borders of the Baltic States, Poland and even in the Arctic,  she said.  The Kremlin is rehearsing aggressive scenarios against its neighbors, training its army to attack the West. The exercise is also part of information warfare aimed at spreading uncertainty and fear.  The Kremlin said on Wednesday it had provided exhaustive information on the exercises before they were held to the military attaches of all interested countries and allowed their observers to attend the event to allay any concerns.   I think that upon receiving this information Ms. Grybauskaite will have a chance to change her point of view,  President Vladimir Putin s spokesman Dmitry Peskov told reporters.    Polish Prime Minister Beata Szydlo also voiced disquiet at the exercises and said Warsaw opposed any lifting of Western sanctions imposed on Russia over its annexation of Ukraine s Crimea region and role in its separatist conflict.  We are very concerned by what is happening in Belarus, from the exercises there,  Szydlo said during a visit to Bulgaria. ",1
19587,Saudi university to dismiss suspected Brotherhood-linked academics,"RIYADH (Reuters) - A large Saudi public university announced it would dismiss employees suspected of ties to the banned Muslim Brotherhood, adding to concerns that the government is clamping down on its critics in academia and beyond. Activists and rights groups say security forces have rounded up some 30 clerics, intellectuals and others in the past 10 days, in what Human Rights Watch has described as  a coordinated crackdown on dissent . Authorities have not explicitly acknowledged the detentions, which come amid widespread speculation - denied by officials - that King Salman will abdicate in favor of his son as well as deepening tensions with neighboring Qatar, which is accused by Riyadh of supporting Islamists, including the Brotherhood. The governing council of Al-Imam Mohammed Ibn Saud Islamic University in Riyadh advised against renewing contracts for employees it said were  influenced by the ideology of the terrorist Muslim Brotherhood organization . The statement, posted online on Tuesday, did not name the employees or specify their number, but said they included Saudis and foreigners. The employees  removal  aims to protect the minds of students and university employees from those deviant, partisan ideas and dangerous, destructive trends , it added. Saudi Arabia designated the Muslim Brotherhood a terrorist organization in 2014. Hardline groups such as al Qaeda and Islamic State are also blacklisted. The ruling Al Saud family has always regarded Islamist groups as a major internal threat to its rule over a country in which appeals to religious sentiment resonate deeply and an al Qaeda campaign a decade ago killed hundreds. Since the kingdom s founding, the Al Saud have enjoyed a close alliance with clerics of the ultra-conservative Wahhabi school of Islam who have espoused a political philosophy that demands obedience to the ruler. By contrast the Brotherhood advances an active political doctrine urging revolutionary action, which flies in the face of Wahhabi teaching.  A political Islamist organization founded in Egypt nearly a century ago, it says it is committed to peaceful activism and reform through elections, and its adherents span the region, holding elected office in Arab countries from Tunisia to Jordan. Brotherhood members fleeing repression in Egypt, Syria and Iraq half a century ago took shelter in Saudi Arabia, some taking up roles in the kingdom s education system and helping to establish the Sahwa or  Awakening  movement which agitated in the 1990s for democracy. The Sahwa mostly fizzled, with some activists arrested and others coaxed into conformity, though admirers and its appeal lingered. ",1
19588,Presumed new Swiss foreign minister seeks fresh start in EU talks,"ZURICH (Reuters) - Switzerland s putative new foreign minister called on Wednesday for a fresh start to tortuous talks on cementing ties with the European Union, the neutral country s most important trading partner. Parliament elected Ignazio Cassis, 56, as the first minister in 18 years from the Italian-speaking Swiss canton of Ticino. He is likely to be named Switzerland s top diplomat when the four-party coalition government allots portfolios on Friday. The polyglot physician and member of the pro-business Liberal Democrats is to replace Foreign Minister Didier Burkhalter, who announced in June he would resign. Should Cassis get the foreign ministry - Swiss cabinet members get to pick their portfolios by order of seniority - he will be point man in navigating several open political and economic issues with the EU. Brussels wants a comprehensive  framework  treaty to replace the patchwork of more than 100 bilateral accords that now govern ties. But mainstream Swiss parties have got cold feet about the idea ahead of Britain s divorce talks with the EU. Cassis - who raised eyebrows in his acceptance speech by citing Marxist theorist Rosa Luxemburg s comments on respecting people with different opinions - said it was time to abandon a  poisoned  vocabulary in the debate about EU links.  We must have the courage to make a new start,  he told reporters, noting no one knew in detail what a framework treaty would entail as the partners seek to redefine relations.  Words shape reality, and when reality has become poisoned by words then you have to change the words,  he said. European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker and German Chancellor Angela Merkel have said a new treaty is the price of any more trade deals with Switzerland. Last year, the Alpine state narrowly avoided a clash with the EU over a 2014 referendum vote for EU immigration quotas when parliament enacted a system of giving hiring preference to anyone registered with Swiss unemployment offices. Swiss reluctance to follow through on a new accord in the window before the EU s negotiations with Britain start in earnest threatens to put relations into a deep chill that could stall progress on unresolved trade issues. The eurosceptic Swiss People s Party, the country s largest, has opposed any new treaty that gives the European Court of Justice a role in settling disputes. ",1
19589,Saudi Arabia says hopes Kurdistan vote will not take place,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia said on Wednesday it hoped Iraqi Kurdish leader Massoud Barzani would not hold an independence referendum, saying such a move could bring risks for Iraq and the region. Saudi Arabia  looks to the wisdom of President Barzani in not holding the referendum , a foreign ministry statement on state news agency SPA said. ",1
19590,"Russia becomes Iraq Kurds' top funder, quiet about independence vote","LONDON (Reuters) - Russia, the only major power that has not called on Iraq s Kurds to cancel a referendum on independence next week, has swiftly become the top funder of Kurdish oil and gas deals, with as much as $4 billion pledged in less than a year, industry sources say. Washington, European countries, Turkey and Iran have all lined up to oppose a move by Iraq s Kurds to hold a Sept. 25 independence referendum, which the Kurds consider the culmination of decades of struggle for a state of their own, but Iraq calls a violation of its constitution. This week, the White House issued a statement calling the planned vote  provocative and destabilizing , noting that it will take place not only within the autonomous Kurdish region itself but on territory that is disputed. But Moscow has issued no such call to cancel the vote. Instead, with the planned referendum just days away, Russian state oil giant Rosneft announced its latest investment last week, to help Iraqi Kurdistan develop its natural gas industry, for domestic supplies and eventual export. The full value of the deal has not been disclosed officially, but according to industry sources familiar with it, it is worth more than $1 billion.  It is Rosneft s third giant venture in the Kurdish region since February, transforming Moscow from an outsider with little profile in Kurdistan into the region s biggest source of cash. According to the industry sources, Rosneft s deals since it first arrived in Kurdistan last December are worth around $4 billion in total. That exceeds the $2 billion in financing the Kurdish region has previously received for oil sales from international trading firms that pre-pay for its exports, and  $1.5 billion it has received from neighbor Turkey. It also marks a big change in focus for the Iraqi Kurds, who have had close ties with Washington since 1991 when the United States offered them protection from Saddam Hussein, the dictator later toppled by U.S. forces in 2003.  Moscow has been effectively filling the gap as the United States has been pulling back from Iraq,  said a senior source in Erbil, capital of the Iraqi Kurdish region. Publicly, Moscow says it supports Iraq s territorial integrity while also recognizing the aspirations of the Kurds for a homeland. The 35 million Kurds are spread over Iraq, Iran, Turkey and Syria.  We are interested that the Kurdish people like any other nation on the planet can fulfill its hopes and aspirations,  Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said in July.  We start from the fact that the legitimate aspirations of the Kurds, like other peoples, need to be fulfilled within the framework of existing international legal norms.  But unlike other powers, Moscow has avoided giving a verdict on the legality or wisdom of holding the referendum itself. The Foreign Ministry in Moscow said it had nothing to add to Lavrov s comments on the matter from July.  The Russian position is:  Let s wait and see the outcome of the referendum,  said Hoshiyar Zebari, one of Iraq s pre-eminent Kurdish politicians, who served as foreign minister, deputy prime minister and finance minister in Baghdad from 2003 until last year and now advises Kurdistan s regional government.  They seem to understand our situation,  Zebari told Reuters, adding that Moscow expected the Kurds would use the outcome of the referendum as part of a process of negotiation with Baghdad. According to a diplomatic source, the Kurds took notice in June when Lavrov signaled to a Kurdish delegation at a meeting in St Petersburg that Russia would not oppose the referendum.  During previous meetings, Lavrov always focused on Iraq s territorial integrity,  said the source, who was present at the meeting on the sidelines of Russia s economic forum in St Petersburg.   This time, he said that Russia understands the ambitions of Kurdish people for independence. And even though he added that it needed to be done carefully, it was a big signal.  At around the same time as that meeting took place, Rosneft was signing its second of this year s three major oil investment deals with Kurdish officials. Days later, the Kurds announced the date of their referendum. The Russians are not the first foreigners to come to Kurdistan looking for oil. The Kurds have long argued that as an autonomous region of Iraq they have the authority to make agreements with foreign companies about pumping the oil on their territory. Iraq s central government, meanwhile, says any deals to export oil from Kurdistan are illegal without Baghdad s blessing. For several years, American companies were at the forefront of negotiating deals with the Kurds, on the assumption that Baghdad would eventually authorize them. The highest-profile deal was announced by Exxon Mobil, then under the leadership of CEO Rex Tillerson, now U.S. Secretary of State. But after signing a landmark deal to develop Kurdish oil fields in 2011, Exxon did little exploration, and has since handed some of the blocs back to the Kurdish government. While Washington remains friendly with the Kurds and sees them as a bulwark against Islamic State, it is concerned about their independence bid leading to the breakup of Iraq or a rupture with Turkey. The United States has long encouraged the Kurds to avoid unilateral steps, such as the referendum, that might destabilize the Baghdad government or antagonize Ankara. Russia, meanwhile, is looking for more friends in the Middle East after returning in force to the region with a decisive military intervention in Syria. Its main regional allies are Iran and the Syria of President Bashar al-Assad, and having friends in Kurdish territory, located between Syria, Iran and Turkey, would be geopolitically useful. Kurdistan has estimated recoverable reserves at 45 billion barrels of oil and 5.66 trillion cubic meters of gas, which could rise further with exploration. For Rosneft, run by Igor Sechin, a close ally of President Vladimir Putin, it potentially offers a cheap source of crude supplies to refineries in Europe, and a big boost to Rosneft s gas ambitions. In 2014, Erbil started oil sales via a pipeline through Turkey. It has generally conducted those deals with pre-financing, obtaining money in advance from international trading firms and Turkey before the oil is delivered. Rosneft began its involvement with a small pre-finance deal at the end of last year along the lines of deals the Kurds had previously reached with global traders. The Russian firm loaned the Kurds around $280 million, guaranteed by future oil sales, according to industry sources. In February 2017, Rosneft ramped up its cooperation by agreeing to lend the semi-autonomous region $1.2 billion, becoming the first big foreign oil company to publicly commit to pre-financing Kurdish exports. Kurdistan s minister of natural resources Ashti Hawrami called the deal a ground-breaker for the region that would help its economic independence - a crucial condition for seeking political independence. By that point, Turkey had invested some $1.5 billion and international trading houses such as Vitol, Petraco, Trafigura and Glencore had collectively loaned the Kurds some $2 billion. Russia became the Kurds  single biggest financer with its next deal in June this year to lend money and help search for more oil, bringing its total investments close to $2.8 billion. This week s Russian pledge to invest more than $1 billion in Kurdistan s gas infrastructure could help the region become a major gas exporter to Turkey and Europe one day, Rosneft says. The independence referendum won t be a problem.  Holding the referendum will not affect our work. We are doing business in an autonomous region in Iraq that has been recognized by law,  Rosneft spokesman Mikhail Leontev said this week.  This place is run by Iraqi Kurdistan s nation and it is the people of Iraqi Kurdistan who live there. That is why we don t think we are embarking on an adventure.  ",1
19591,Philippine soldiers kill nine Maoist rebels in gunbattle,"MANILA (Reuters) - Philippine soldiers killed nine Maoist rebels in one of the fiercest clashes since peace talks to end nearly five decades of conflict broke down in May, an army spokesman said on Wednesday. An army corporal was also slightly wounded in the 25-minute firefight in rural area of Nueva Ecija province, some 220 kilometers (137 miles) north of the capital Manila, army spokesman Lieutenant-Colonel Isagani Nato said. Nato said the soldiers rushed to the village after receiving a report of armed men in the area. Confronted by a band of around 15 guerrillas from the New People s Army (NPA), the soldiers killed nine. More than 40,000 people have died in the long-running insurgency, and peace negotiations have sputtered on-off. Talks, brokered by Norway, resumed in August last year, days after President Rodrigo Duterte freed senior communist figures and militants. A ceasefire agreement held for almost four months. But, Duterte suspended talks in January after rebels resumed and stepped up attacks on security forces, as well as on businesses in the countryside, including mines, plantations and construction companies. In May, the president scrapped peace negotiations saying he will only agree to resume talks if rebels sign a negotiated ceasefire, and stop recruitment and extortion. ",1
19592,Turkey threatens sanctions over Kurdish independence vote,"HABUR BORDER CROSSING, Turkey (Reuters) - Turkey s President Tayyip Erdogan threatened to impose sanctions against Kurdish northern Iraq over a planned independence vote, piling economic pressure on Kurdish authorities after Turkish troops deployed near the main commercial border crossing. Turkey, home to the largest Kurdish population in the region, has warned that any breakup of neighboring Iraq or Syria could lead to a global conflict, and is due to prepare a formal response on Friday, three days before the referendum. Erdogan said the Turkish cabinet and security council would discuss Ankara s options. They will  put forward their own stance on what kind of sanctions we can impose, or if we will,  he told reporters in New York, according to Anadolu news agency.  But these will not be ordinary,  Erdogan said. Iraqi Kurdish authorities have defied growing international pressure to call off the vote, which Iraq s neighbors fear will fuel unrest among their own Kurdish populations. Western allies say it could detract from the fight against Islamic State. On Monday, the Turkish army launched a highly visible military drill near the Habur border crossing, which military sources said was due to last until Sept. 26, a day after the planned referendum. Around 100 tanks and military vehicles, backed by rocket launchers and radar, deployed in open farmlands near the frontier, guns pointed south toward the Kurdish mountains. The military buildup hit the Turkish lira, which weakened on Tuesday beyond 3.500 to the dollar, before recovering on Wednesday to around 3.465. But it has so far had little impact on lines of trucks queuing to cross into territory controlled by the Kurdish Regional Government in north Iraq. Turkey, for years the KRG s main link to the outside world, has built strong trade ties with the semi-autonomous region which exports hundreds of thousands of barrels of oil per day through Turkey to international markets.  Russian oil major Rosneft will also invest in pipelines to export gas to Turkey and Europe. Erdogan did not spell out what sanctions Turkey might be considering, but truck drivers waiting at Habur on Wednesday said they feared for their livelihoods if cross-border trade, crucial to the local economy, dries up.  I have four kids, I am 35-years-old, and there is neither a job nor a factory in the region,  said tanker driver Abdurrahman Yakti, who carries crude oil from Iraq to Turkey s Iskenderun Rafinery in the southeastern province of Hatay.   We are stuck with this job. If this gate closes this would be our doom.  Ferhat, who has transported dry cargo across the border for 10 years, said closing Habur would paralyze Turkey s southeast.  It would not affect only people like me who work for 1,500 lira ($430 per month), but also the businessmen. We bring crude oil from Iraq, but just as many trucks are carrying goods from Istanbul and all around Turkey to Iraq,  he said. The show of military force at the border and the threat of sanctions reflects the depth of concern in Turkey that Monday s referendum could embolden the outlawed Kurdish PKK, which has waged a three-decade insurgency in Turkey s southeast since 1984. The Turkish air force frequently strikes against PKK units operating from the mountains of northern Iraq, and limited detachments of Turkish infantry have made forays across the frontier in the past. Turkey stationed troops in Bashiqa near Mosul, ignoring protests from Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi, ahead of the military campaign to drive Islamic State out of the northern Iraqi city.  Ankara also sees itself as protector of Iraq s Turkmen ethnic minority, with particular focus on the oil city of Kirkuk which Kurds seized in 2014 as Iraqi troops retreated in the face of Islamic State advances. Erdogan said Kurdish determination to hold the referendum disregarded Turkey s support for KRG leadership until now.  We will announce our final thoughts on the issue with the cabinet meeting and national security council decision,  Erdogan said.  I think it would be better if they saw this.  ",1
19593,Austria checking indications nine foreigners abducted in Libya in 2015 are dead,"VIENNA (Reuters) - Austria said on Wednesday it had some evidence that nine foreign oilfield workers abducted by Islamist militants in Libya in 2015 were killed the same year, though it was still trying to verify the information. The four Filipinos, two Bangladeshis, one Austrian, one Czech and one Ghanaian worked at the al-Ghani oilfield for equipment firm VAOS, which specializes in Libya and has offices in Austria and Malta. An Austrian Foreign Ministry spokesman said a crisis team was trying to verify information from a militant Islamist website suggesting that all or some of the hostages may have been killed in 2015. They were seized in March of that year.  We have some evidence that the worst is to be feared. We are working on verifying the information. It is still unclear what happened exactly to whom,  the spokesman said. Foreign Minister Sebastian Kurz had contacted the family of the Austrian man.  Even if it turns out that the evidence is correct it will be extremely difficult to retrieve bodies from the area where fighting continues,  the spokesman said. The Derna Mujahideen Shura Council, a group based in the eastern Libyan city of Derna, said this week that it had recovered the bodies of five of the workers in May 2015 during clashes with rival militants from Islamic State. It said it had handed the bodies over to Libya s Red Crescent. In a statement, the Council said it later found a laptop containing a photo of one of the employees, and a video of the killing of four Filipino workers, and was able to match them to images of the kidnapped employees. The bodies were buried in marked graves and  special procedures are under way to return them to their families , the group said. The Red Crescent declined to comment.  At the time of the attack, Islamic State militants made no financial or political demands as armed factions in Libya often do, but IS beheaded 11 Libyan security guards it had captured. VAOS said it had received no warning from Libya s state oil company advising it to evacuate personnel before the attack. The firm said it began operating in Libya in the 1980s, when the country was under Muammar Gaddafi s iron rule. Libya fell into widespread factional violence, hampering oil production, after rebels overthrew Gaddafi in 2011. VAOS has relied on its own security arrangements in the North African state. Its clients have included BP, Repsol and Austria s OMV.  ",1
19594,Hurricane Maria makes landfall in Puerto Rico: NHC,"(Reuters) - Hurricane Maria has made landfall near Yabucoa, Puerto Rico, the U.S. National Hurricane Center (NHC) said on Wednesday. The hurricane is about 35 miles (55 km) southeast of San Juan, Puerto Rico with maximum sustained winds of 155 miles per hour (250 km per hour), the NHC said, adding that it is moving in a north-westerly direction at 10 mph (17 km/h). ",1
19595,"At least 10 dead, 92 missing in eastern Congo floods: local official","ABIDJAN (Reuters) - At least 10 people have died and another 92 are missing in eastern Democratic Republic of Congo due to flooding after torrential rains caused a river to overflow its banks, a local official said on Wednesday. The administrator of Masisi territory in eastern Congo s North Kivu province, Dieudonne Tshishiku, said emergency teams had been dispatched to the town of Bihambwe to search for the missing. ",1
19596,Police arrest two more men over London train bomb attack,"LONDON (Reuters) - British police said they had arrested two more men on Wednesday in connection with the bombing of a commuter train in London last week which injured 30 people, bringing the total in custody to five. The men, aged 48 and 30, were held under terrorism laws in Newport in south Wales. Another man was arrested in Newport on Tuesday night while two others, an 18-year-old and a 21-year-old, were held by counter-terrorism officers on Saturday.    ",1
19597,"London police give all clear, lift cordon in financial district","LONDON (Reuters) - London police said they had lifted a cordon put in place in part of the city s financial district on Wednesday morning after determining that an item found there was not suspicious.  Earlier, officers had sealed off an area in Moorgate and Liverpool Street after a report of a suspicious package.   We re all clear at Moorgate. Thank you for your patience; cordons have been lifted,  City of London police posted on Twitter.  ",1
19598,"Hurricane Maria now Category 4, Puerto Rico landfall within hours: NHC","(Reuters) - Hurricane Maria has weakened to a Category 4 hurricane but remains  extremely dangerous  and is expected to retain this intensity until it makes landfall in Puerto Rico in a couple of hours, the U.S. National Hurricane Center said on Wednesday. Maria is about 50 miles (75 km) southeast of San Juan, Puerto Rico with maximum sustained winds of 155 mph (250 km/h), the Miami-based weather forecaster said. ",1
19599,Fire in Bangladesh textile factory kills six,"DHAKA (Reuters) - A fire in a textile factory in Bangladesh killed six workers on Wednesday before it was extinguished, police said, renewing fears about safety in the multi-billion dollar industry. Bangladesh s garment sector, the world s second biggest after China, drew worldwide scrutiny after more than 1,100 people were killed in the collapse of a factory complex in 2013  and 112 killed in a garment factory fire in 2012. Police said Wednesday s fire started on the ground floor of a four-storey building storing chemicals and dyes in Munshiganj, 20 km (12 miles) from Dhaka, the capital, and spread quickly.  The mill was closed when the fire broke out but there were some workers in the factory and six bodies, including one woman worker, have been recovered,  a police official, Alamgir Hossain, told Reuters by telephone. Firefighters had put out the blaze but it was not immediately clear if more workers had been trapped, he added. The roughly $28-billion garment industry employs 4 million people and generates about 80 percent of Bangladesh s export earnings. ",1
19600,Kenya court: opposition didn't show presidential campaign used state resources,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenya s chief justice said on Wednesday that the opposition did not provide sufficient evidence to show that President Uhuru Kenyatta broke the law by using state resources during his re-election campaign.   In response to those allegations of ... use of public resources ... we are unable to deal with that in the absence of any evidence,  said Chief Justice David Maraga, as the court delivered a detailed ruling on last month s annulled presidential elections. ",1
19601,Poll gives New Zealand's Nationals nine point lead after final TV debate before vote,"WELLINGTON (Reuters) - New Zealand s ruling National Party regained a wide lead over the opposition Labour Party in an opinion poll on Wednesday after party leaders went head-to-head in the final debate before Saturday s election. It was the second poll in recent weeks to show Prime Minister Bill English s party, which has held power for a decade, holding a near double-digit lead. The poll boosted the New Zealand dollar to $0.7375 - its highest in over six weeks.  The One News-Colmar Brunton poll showed the National Party jumped 6 points to 46 percent, while Labour slumped by seven points to 37 percent. But opinion polls have been very volatile and have largely indicated the race is still too close to call. The New Zealand First party, which could emerge as a possible kingmaker for the next government, saw support fall right to the threshold needed for a seat in parliament. Despite the fall in support for New Zealand First, led by Winston Peters, the debate still centered around its potential deciding role to English s frustration.  I am suggesting to the voters that they cut the middle men, I don t like this view that Mr Peters has that he decides who the government of New Zealand is,  English said. Both English and rival Labour leader Jacinda Ardern said their parties were  neck and neck  in the contest regardless of the latest opinion poll.  I remain an absolutely optimistic person when it comes to this campaign,  Ardern said during the debate. Having become leader in August the 37-year-old Ardern has invigorated Labour, and at times opinion polls have showed the party comfortably ahead. During the debate, Ardern at times appear to notch up points. She criticized the government for not having taken any measures to avoid the kind of infrastructure failure that caused widespread disruption to air travel this week, when a burst pipeline led to a fuel shortage. Minor parties often have an outsize role in New Zealand s proportional representation system, in which a party, or combination of parties, needs 61 of Parliament s 120 members - usually about 48 percent of the vote - to form a government. Support for New Zealand First dropped 1 point to 5 percent. The Green Party, with which Labour has a working agreement, rose 1 point to 8 percent. Together with the Greens, voter support for Labour was near that for National in the poll.  More than any election since 1996, it s going to be the minor parties that ultimately decide which of Labour or National end up governing,  Bryce Edwards, analyst at Wellington-based Critical Politics. Ardern reiterated her first call would be to the Green Party but that this did not necessarily mean a coalition with them.  We ve said we ll have a phone call, that doesn t mean it s a stitched up, done deal,  she said. ",1
19602,Kenya court: election board refused to give access to servers,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - The Kenya Supreme Court on Wednesday criticized the election board for refusing to comply with court orders to open its computer servers, saying it meant that opposition claims of hacking or manipulation could be true.  (The board s) disobedience of this 28 Aug order in critical areas leaves us with no option but to accept the petitioner s claim that the (election board) system was infiltrated and compromised and ... data interfered with,  said Judge Philomena Mwilu.  Noncompliance or failure by the board to do as ordered must be held against it.  ",1
19603,China's probes of rights lawyers 'alarming': Human Rights Watch,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China has launched more rigorous investigations into the activities and finances of rights lawyers and law firms that take on politically sensitive issues, Human Rights Watch said on Tuesday, in its multi-year campaign to stifle dissent. China has arrested, jailed or detained thousands of rights lawyers and activists since President Xi Jinping launched a sweeping crackdown in the summer of 2015. Judicial officials and police are investigating the cases and finances at seven law firms that often work on rights abuses, lawyers at the firms told the New York-based Human Rights Watch. With unusually high-level officials performing scrutiny on site for days, the duration of investigations has exceeded that of previous regular checks on such firms, it added.   While China s human rights lawyers are no strangers to official harassment, these sudden, invasive probes send an alarming message,  Sophie Richardson, the group s Washington-based China director, said in a statement. China s justice ministry did not immediately respond to a faxed request for comment from Reuters. China has defended the new measures against critics by saying it is a country with the rule of law, and that those found guilty are criminals who damaged social stability and endangered national security.  There has been an open attack on rights lawyers under Xi, and the probes should be considered in the context of the attack,  said Maya Wang, a China researcher for HRW based in Hong Kong.  It is meant to tell lawyers that this is not over, that they had better be on their best behavior for the 19th Party Congress,  Wang said, referring to a five-yearly leadership reshuffle of the ruling Communist Party set to begin on Oct. 18. Political checks and requirements for law firms have also been tightened under Xi, making it harder for lawyers to take sensitive cases, activists say, especially as law firms can be held jointly accountable for individual violations. Chinese law firms are required to explicitly support the party and to set up an internal party branch, while lawyers are banned from expressing opinions that endanger national security or reject China s political system. In the run-up to the party congress, Xi has also urged public security officials to ensure stability and maintain the party s authority and unified leadership. [nL4N1M11EY] ",1
19604,U.S.-backed SDF says Raqqa campaign in final stages,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - The U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) said on Wednesday its campaign to capture Raqqa from Islamic State (IS) was in its final stages and its fighters had seized 80 percent of the city. In a statement, the SDF said it had opened a new front against IS on the northern edge of Raqqa, describing this as  a feature of the final stages of the Euphrates Wrath campaign, which is nearing its end . ",1
19605,North Korea grants Malaysian prince access to airspace as soccer match back on,"KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - North Korea has granted a soccer loving Malaysian prince access to its airspace  anytime  he wants, his palace said on Tuesday, as Pyongyang prepares finally to host an Asian Cup tie that became a casualty of the assassination in Malaysia of the North Korean leader s estranged half brother in February. Having been delayed twice due to Malaysia s fears for the safety of its players, the match between North Korea and Malaysia is now set to be played on Oct. 5. The game had originally been scheduled for March 28, but the two formerly friendly governments suffered a diplomatic meltdown as North Korea reacted angrily to Malaysian police investigating the role North Korean officials allegedly played in the murder of Kim Jong Nam at Kuala Lumpur International Airport. The president of the Football Association of Malaysia (FAM) Tunku Ismail Sultan Ibrahim, the crown prince of the southern state of Johor, met with North Korea s senior-most diplomat in Malaysia on Tuesday to discuss the match, according to a statement from the Johor palace.  Amongst issues discussed were foreign relations and current affairs as well as the upcoming Group B match of the AFC Asian Cup UAE 2019 qualifying final round, in which both teams will ensure the safety of players and team officials,  the statement said. North Korea also granted the prince  full access  to its airspace  anytime  he wants to visit North Korea from Malaysia, the palace statement said.  It is the highest honor as any other world leader will need to stop by in Beijing beforehand,  it said. The trial of two women, an Indonesian and a Vietnamese, charged for the murder of Kim, is set to begin in Kuala Lumpur on Oct.2, but the North Koreans sought by police were believed to have fled Malaysia soon after the murder. The meeting took place on the same day as the opening of the United Nations General Assembly in New York, where U.S. President Donald Trump delivered a stern warning to North Korea over its ballistic missile launches and nuclear tests. ",1
19606,Hindus fleeing Myanmar violence hope for shelter in Modi's India,"KUTUPALONG, Bangladesh/NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Caught in the crossfire between Myanmar s military and Rohingya insurgents, hundreds of Hindus who have fled to Bangladesh are placing their hopes on the Hindu nationalist government of Prime Minister Narendra Modi in neighboring India. Nearly 500 are sheltered in a cleared-out chicken farm in a Hindu hamlet in Bangladesh s southeast, a couple of miles from where most of the 421,000 Rohingya Muslims who have also fled violence in Myanmar since Aug. 25 are living in makeshift camps. The Hindu refugees say they are scared of going back to their villages in Buddhist-majority Myanmar s restive Rakhine state, but also wary of staying in mostly Muslim Bangladesh. Modi s government, meanwhile, is making it easier for Hindus, Buddhists, Christians and other minorities from Bangladesh and Pakistan to gain citizenship in India.  India is also known as Hindustan, the land of the Hindus,  said Niranjan Rudra, sitting on a plastic sheet in the chicken farm flanked by his wife, who sported a large vermilion red dot on her forehead typical of married Hindu women.  We just want a peaceful life in India, not much. We may not get that in Myanmar or here,  he said. Fellow refugees nodded in agreement, stating that they wanted the message to reach the Indian government through the media. The Indian government declined to comment on the Hindu refugees  hopes. A government source said it was waiting while the Supreme Court hears an appeal against the home ministry s plans to deport around 40,000 Rohingya Muslims from the country. But Achintya Biswas, a senior member of the Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP), or the World Hindu Council, which has close ties with the ideological parent of Modi s ruling party, said India was the natural destination for the Hindus fleeing Myanmar.  Hindu families must be allowed to enter India by the government,  Biswas said by phone.  Where else will they go? This is their place of origin.  Biswas said the VHP and Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh, the umbrella group that mentors Modi s ruling party, would submit a report to the home ministry on the refugees and demand a new policy allowing Hindus from Myanmar and Bangladesh to seek asylum in India. The Hindu right who form the bedrock of Modi s support have long believed India is the home for all Hindus. India s Home Ministry spokesman K.S. Dhatwalia declined to comment. A senior home ministry official in New Delhi, speaking on condition of anonymity, said that no Hindu in Myanmar or Bangladesh affected by the violence had approached Indian authorities.  At this juncture we have no SOS calls from Hindus,  said the official.  Also, the Supreme Court is yet to decide whether India should deport Rohingya Muslims or not. The matter is sub-judice and any policy decision will be taken only after the court s order.  Hindus make up a small but long-standing minority in both Myanmar and Bangladesh. Refugee Rudra, a barber from Myanmar s Thit Tone Nar Gwa Son village, showed Reuters what he said was a temporary citizenship card issued in 1978 by the authorities there. The card listed his race as  Indian  and religion as  Hindu . Rudra and other Hindu refugees said they had fled soon after Rohingya insurgents attacked 30 Myanmar police posts, triggering a fierce military counteroffensive. Since then, rights monitors and fleeing Rohingya say the army and Rakhine Buddhist vigilantes have mounted a campaign of arson aimed at driving out the Muslim population, leaving many villages in northern Rakhine empty.  Our village in Myanmar was surrounded by hundreds of men in black masks on the morning of Aug. 25,  said Veena Sheel, a mother-of-two whose husband works in Malaysia.  They called some men out and asked them to fight the security forces ... a few hours after we heard gunshots.  Sheel left the next day with eight other women and their families, walking for two days to reach Bangladesh.  There are so many people all around us. No peace here, no peace back in Myanmar,  said Sheel.  We should be taken to Hindustan, that s our land. Wherever we stay, we want to feel safe.  Since taking office in 2014, Modi's government has issued orders stating that no Hindu or member of another minority from Pakistan or Bangladesh would be considered an illegal immigrant even if they entered the country without valid documents on or before Dec. 31, 2014. (bit.ly/2f61Qxr) It also plans to nearly halve to six years the period Hindus, Christians and other minorities from those countries need to have lived in India to be granted citizenship by naturalization.  We are regularizing only those who have come due to religious persecution in Bangladesh and Pakistan,  junior home minister Kiren Rijiju told Reuters last month, adding that there was no policy on refugees from Myanmar. It will not be easy for secular India to accept the Myanmar Hindu refugees  demand while the government is pushing for the deportation of Rohingya Muslims. Modi s government has already been criticized by activists for not speaking out against Myanmar s military offensive, and accused of vilifying the Rohingya in the country to seek legal clearance for their deportation. ",1
19607,"Strong quake near Mexico City kills at least 226, rescuers dig through collapsed buildings","MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Rescue crews and ordinary citizens searched through rubble for survivors as night fell on Tuesday on battered cities in central Mexico, including the capital, where the death toll from a major earthquake grew to at least 226. The magnitude 7.1 quake toppled dozens of buildings, broke gas mains and sparked fires less than two weeks after another powerful quake killed at least 98 people in southern Mexico. It also hit just hours after emergency drills marked the anniversary of a temblor that killed thousands in 1985. Millions of people fled into the streets, where they weathered the violent shaking and desperately sought word about the welfare of family and friends. Emergency personnel in Mexico City, a metropolitan region of about 20 million people, searched frantically with picks and shovels for survivors beneath the rubble of what the sprawling city s mayor calculated to be as many as 44 collapsed buildings, including at least one primary school. Mexican President Enrique Pe a Nieto said late on Tuesday more than 20 children and two adults had been found dead at the school, Colegio Enrique Rebsamen, in the neighborhood of Coapa. Another 30 children and 12 adults were missing, he said.  Emergency personnel and equipment were being deployed across affected areas so that  throughout the night we can continue aiding the population and eventually find people beneath the rubble,  Pe a Nieto said in a video posted on Facebook earlier on Tuesday evening. Rescue workers and soldiers toiled around collapsed buildings where heat-sensing equipment suggested survivors could still be trapped. Bystanders joined in where they could, clearing debris with their bare hands or whatever tools they could find nearby.  My wife is there,  said Juan Jesus Garcia, 33, choking back tears outside one building in Mexico City.  I haven t been able to communicate with her. She is not answering, and now they are telling us we have to turn off our cellphones because there is a gas leak.  The quake had killed 49 people in the capital by late Tuesday, according to civil defense chief Luis Felipe Puente. The highest toll, he said, was in Morelos State, just to the south, where 55 people were killed.  Another 13 people were reported killed in the neighboring states of Mexico and Guerrero. Thirty-two deaths had been counted in the central state of Puebla, also to the south, where the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) located the quake s epicenter. As many as 4.6 million homes, businesses and other facilities had lost electricity, according to national power company Comisi n Federal de Electricidad. Most of them were in the greater Mexico City area and in the states of Guerrero, Morelos, Puebla, Oaxaca, and Tlaxcala. In the capital, ambulances and fire engines confronted gridlock as millions of workers tried to get home, many of them after participating in annual readiness drills that commemorate the previous disaster on this date in 1985. Much of the country was also shaken when an 8.1 magnitude quake, the strongest in more than eight decades, struck southern Mexico on Sept. 7, killing at least 98 people. Earthquakes of magnitude 7 or above are regarded as major and are capable of causing widespread heavy damage. Another 11 aftershocks were registered after the initial quake at around lunchtime on Tuesday, the most powerful of which measured 4.9, according to the USGS. In addition to the school, a supermarket and a factory collapsed in the capital. Much of the damage was in the fashionable Condesa and Roma districts near the city center.   On Twitter, relatives posted pleas for news of family members. At least one survivor was pulled from a collapsed building in Condesa and another was rescued from a six-story apartment building nearby. Mexican media showed images of desperate locals forming human chains in search of people still trapped in collapsed buildings after nightfall. With power out in much of the city, the work was carried out in the dark or with flashlights and generators. In Obrera, a central neighborhood in Mexico City, people applauded when rescuers managed to retrieve four people alive, with cheers of  si se puede,  or  yes we can,  ringing out. Volunteers continued arriving throughout the night, following calls from the civil protection agency, the Red Cross and firefighters. In Puebla, university student Jevon Minto, 24, said he had just arrived at class when he felt the shaking.  We were seated when the place started shaking real, real hard ... You can literally feel the fear and the panic in this city.  Banker Jesus Gonzalez Hernandez, 55, said office lamps and furniture swayed when the tremor began. He and colleagues rushed to evacuate.  But while exiting down the stairs, the walls were coming apart,  said Gonzalez Hernandez, who fractured his ankle in the chaos. Mexican stocks and the peso currency dropped on news of the earthquake and Mexico s stock exchange suspended trading. At the same time as the earthquake, Mexico s Popocatepetl volcano had a small eruption. A church collapsed during mass, killing 15 people, in Atzitzihuacan on the slopes of the volcano, Puebla Governor Jose Antonio Gali said. U.S. President Donald Trump said on Twitter:  God bless the people of Mexico City. We are with you and will be there for you.  For a graphic on earthquake strikes central Mexico, click: here ",1
19608,Kirkuk shaping up as flashpoint ahead of Kurdistan independence vote,"KIRKUK, Iraq (Reuters) - Visitors to Kirkuk in northern Iraq are greeted by an imposing statue of a Kurdish Peshmerga fighter with a gun slung over his shoulder, a reminder of tensions building in the hotly-contested city ahead of a referendum on Kurdish independence. Erected in July, the statue has come to symbolize how the Kurds want to cement their hold on oil-rich Kirkuk and other parts of the region by holding next Monday s vote. Peshmerga, which means those who confront death, are the military forces of the autonomous region of Iraqi Kurdistan. The referendum is risky, especially in Kirkuk, a multi-ethnic city also claimed by Arabs since oil was discovered there in the 1930s. The Kurdistan region produces around 600,000 barrels per day (bpd) of oil.  The central government in Baghdad, Iraq s neighbors and Western powers fear the vote could divide the country and spark a wider regional conflict, after Arabs and Kurds cooperated to dislodge Islamic State from its stronghold in Mosul. Already at least one Kurd has been killed in pre-referendum clashes, and security checkpoints have been erected across the city to prevent further violence. But the Kurds say they are determined to go ahead with the vote, which, though non-binding, could trigger the process of separation in a country already divided along sectarian and ethnic lines. Iran, Turkey, the United States and Western allies oppose the vote. Some non-Kurds fear Baghdad will attempt to regain control of Kirkuk and send in Shi ite militias (PMU), also known as the Hashid al-Shaabi, stationed just outside the province.  I fear the Hashid will come and fighting will start in Kirkuk,  said Nazim Mohammed, an Arab from Mosul who fled to Kirkuk when the northern city was overrun by Islamic State. Backed by Iran, the militias fear an independent Kurdistan would split Iraq, giving them and Tehran less influence. Kirkuk, populated by Kurds, Arabs, Turkmen, Christians and other minorities, is one of 15 ethnically mixed areas in northern Iraq that will participate in the referendum. They are claimed by both the central government in Baghdad and the Kurdistan Regional Government(KRG).  A decision by KRG President Massoud Barzani to include these so-called disputed territories in the plebiscite was widely interpreted as a unilateral move to consolidate Kurdish control. Critics say Kurdish intentions were already clear before the referendum was announced. Peshmerga fighters seized Kirkuk in 2014, after fleeing Iraqi security forces left its oil fields vulnerable to Islamic State militants who had just swept across northern Iraq.  The statue is dedicated to the Peshmerga and is designed to represent the appreciation of the people of Kirkuk. Tensions between the KRG and Baghdad are not new, and hinge on oil revenue. The Kurds have long accused Baghdad of failing to make budget payments to the region, while central government has opposed oil deals made by the Kurds without its consent. Nevertheless, the Kurds have been marking their territory in the run-up to the vote. Peshmerga outposts dot the area, protecting the flaming oil fields on Kirkuk s outskirts. Kurdish flags have been hoisted across the city since the spring, and now fly alongside Iraqi flags on government buildings. Dreaming of long-denied statehood since World War One, the Kurds say the are ready to fight if necessary.  Kurdistan s land belongs to the Kurdish people,  Kemal al-Kirkuki, the Kurdish military commander responsible for the front-line against Islamic State, told Reuters at his base in Dibis.  No one, not the PMU, has the right to take it ... We will ask them to leave Kurdish territory, peacefully. But we are prepared to fight if we need to.  On Monday, clashes broke out in Kirkuk after a Kurdish convoy celebrating the referendum drove by a Turkmen political party s office. A Kurd was killed, and two others were injured, security sources said.  This followed a week of escalating rhetoric between the Kurdish leadership and Baghdad, where parliament voted to reject the referendum and oust Kirkuk s Kurdish governor, Najmaddin Kareem. The conflict over the disputed territories is bitter. If the Kurdistan region of Iraq declared a break-off from Baghdad, Kirkuk would fall right on the border between the two. Kirkuk produces around one quarter of the region s oil.    If the Kurds want to press for a separation of sorts,  said Joost Hiltermann, MENA program director at the International Crisis Group,  the boundary question becomes critically important.   If Baghdad and Erbil continue to take unilateral steps,  he said,  things can only escalate . There are no reliable statistics on Kirkuk s population, where both Kurds and Arabs say they have a demographic majority; vital to legitimize their respective claims over the province.  Kirkuk was meant to have a census under the 2005 constitution, drafted two years after former Iraqi leader Saddam was toppled in the U.S.-led invasion, but it did not take place because of the risk of ethnic and religious tensions.  During Saddam s Anfal campaign waged against the Kurds in the 1980s, there was a forced  Arabisation  of disputed areas, which ejected Kurds from the province. Arabs from other parts of Iraq were then settled, taking over Kurdish homes and businesses. In 1988, Saddam caused international outrage by staging a chemical attack on the Kurdish city of Halabja which killed thousands of people. Many Arabs have been ousted since Saddam was toppled in 2003, emboldening the Kurds to reclaim large parts of the disputed territories, including Kirkuk. Displaced Kurds were provided with incentives to return, while Kurds from other areas were also moved in, angering other minorities.  Since 2003 some 600,000 Kurds have arrived, many of them are here illegally,  said Ali Mehdi Sadiq, a Turkman member of Kirkuk s local council.  Without dialogue everything is possible. We need to avoid a war engulfing the whole of Iraq.  He blamed Governor Kareem, a Kurd who lived for more than 30 years in the United States for what he called a Kurdish discrimination of minorities.  The governor said the Kurds would guarantee minorities  rights, pointing to relative stability in the Kurdistan region in contrast to Baghdad where suicide bombings are frequent. But his support for Kurdish independence is worrying minorities: he refused to sit behind an Iraqi flag during an interview, preferring the Kurdish one and said he would destroy his Iraqi passport the minute he got a Kurdish one. He shrugged off the decision by Iraq s parliament last week to sack him as  unlawful , adding:  This is a proud day for me.      Anticipating trouble ahead, some residents of Kirkuk have been stockpiling basic foods such as flour, rice and milk.  Since they announced the referendum I have hardly had any customers. The market is dead,  said 27-year-old Ali Hamza, an Arab who has a small textiles shop in the old city. Several Kurds interviewed supported the independence vote but privately said they were worried about clashes afterwards. But faced with his people s fears of clashes and economic  problems, Governor Kareem said that when taking a big step like the referendum,  anything was possible .  Nothing comes without a price.  For a graphic on Iraq's oil producing region of Kirkuk, click: here ",1
19609,China calls for understanding of Myanmar's need to protect stability,"BEIJING (Reuters) - Violent incidents in Myanmar s Rakhine state are unacceptable and there should be understanding of the Myanmar government s efforts to protect social stability, Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi told his Indonesian counterpart, state media said. More than 400,000 Muslim Rohingya have fled across the border to Bangladesh following a counter-insurgency offensive by Myanmar s army in the wake of militant attacks on security forces. U.N. officials have described Myanmar s strategy as  ethnic cleansing . The remarks by Wang to Indonesian Foreign Minister Retno Marsudi on the sidelines of a United Nations meeting in New York on Tuesday, however, appeared to show some sympathy for the difficulties Myanmar faces quelling the insurgency. The Rohingya issue has been around for a long time, and it is complex and sensitive, Wang said, according to the official Xinhua news agency.  The urgent task is to ease the tense situation as quickly as possible, avoid innocent people being harmed, prevent the humanitarian crisis spreading, and encouraging and supporting Myanmar and Bangladesh to seek a fundamental resolution via dialogue and consultation,  he said. China, which has close economic and diplomatic ties with Myanmar, is willing to continue playing a constructive role along with the international community, Wang added. Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi on Tuesday condemned rights abuses in Rakhine state and said violators would be punished, but she did not address U.N. accusations of ethnic cleansing, drawing cool international responses and calls for action to help minority Muslim Rohingya. Western diplomats and aid officials, hoping for an unequivocal condemnation of violence and hate speech, welcomed the tone of the Nobel Peace laureate s message, but some doubted if she had done enough to deflect global criticism. ",1
19610,Philippine lawmakers defer decision on appointment of environment minister,"MANILA (Reuters) - Philippine lawmakers on Wednesday said they would hold more hearings before deciding whether to confirm the appointment of the country s environment minister, although some said they were likely to approve the step. The confirmation of Environment and Natural Resources Secretary Roy Cimatu is being closely watched given the policy implications for the mining sector in the world s top nickel ore supplier. Cimatu, a former soldier, replaced staunch environmentalist Regina Lopez who was rejected by the same legislative panel in May after less than a year in office. All ministerial appointments in the country go through a similar process. During her term, Lopez ordered the closure or suspension of 26 of the nation s 41 mines and banned open-pit mining, measures that Cimatu has not reversed. He has said his team was still reviewing the closure and suspension orders.  I am not pessimistic about his confirmation, but we need additional hearings,  Senator Tito Sotto, part of the 25-member Commission on Appointments, told reporters.     Apart from Sotto, two other senators, Juan Miguel Zubiri and Gregorio Honasan, also expressed support for Cimatu.  This is a proud moment for me,  Honasan, also a former soldier, said at the hearing.  I can vouch for his competence and integrity.  The next hearing is set for Sept. 27. Mining is a contentious issue in largely underexplored Philippines following past examples of environmental mismanagement. In 1996, a tailings leak at Canadian-owned Marcopper Mining Corp s copper mine in Marinduque contaminated rivers. The sector contributes less than 1 percent to the economy, with only 3 percent of the 9 million hectares identified by the state as having high mineral reserves being mined, according to government data. ",1
19611,Australian PM says first refugees to be resettled in U.S. under swap deal,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said on Wednesday the first group of about 50 men and woman held in two controversial detention centers for asylum-seekers on remote Pacific islands will be resettled in the United States within weeks. The comments mark the first official timetable for when the United States will begin resettling up to 1,250 people held in Australian-run centers on Nauru and Papua New Guinea s Manus island as part of a refugee swap deal struck by former U.S. President Barack Obama late last year. Australia will begin resettling several dozen Central American refugees within weeks under the deal that U.S. President Donald Trump has described as  dumb  but has nevertheless said Washington will honor.  There will be about 25 from both Manus and Nauru will be going to the United States and I just want to thank again President Trump for continuing with that arrangement,  Turnbull said in a video statement. Three sources familiar with the process said about 25 men from countries such as Bangladesh, Sudan, and Rohingya Muslims from Myanmar held on Manus island were the first to be told on Wednesday, with a similar number on Nauru to be told Thursday. One Sudanese refugee approved for resettlement told Reuters  he would leave Manus Island in a few days.   It feels like my dreams are coming true. All we want is to go to a safe country,  said the refugee, who declined to be identified for fear of jeopardizing the resettlement. While Trump has said he would honor the swap agreement, concerns remain about how many asylum-seekers will be resettled from the Australian-run centres.  Nearly 2,000 men, women and children are held on Manus island and Nauru, the majority of whom have been awarded refugee status by the two tiny Pacific countries. Refugees and advocates cautioned against assuming the U.S. would take the full allotment, with its processing so far concentrated on individuals with applications that are both easier to verify through background checks and originate from citizens of nations with closer ties to the United States.  Iranians are about a third of the refugees on Manus but are only about 10 percent of the ones interviewed so far,  said Ian Rintol, spokesman for the Refugee Action Coalition.  It seems there had been some discriminatory selection.   U.S.-Iran relations have been strained under Trump, who called Tehran a  rogue nation  on Tuesday. As the two have no diplomatic ties, validating refugee claims is prohibitive.     Representatives of Australia s immigration minister, Peter Dutton, refused to comment. Despite their refugee status, many of those on Nauru and Manus island have been held for four years in conditions widely criticized by the United Nations and human rights groups. Australia is under increased pressure to resettle asylum-seekers from Manus Island because that center is due to close on Oct. 31. Australia would need to make alternative arrangements should the bulk of the 800 men still be there by that deadline. Under Canberra s hardline immigration policy, asylum-seekers intercepted at sea trying to reach Australia are sent for processing at the Manus island and Nauru camps. They are told they will never be settled in Australia. ",1
19612,"If threatened, U.S. will 'totally destroy' North Korea, Trump vows","UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump escalated his standoff with North Korea over its nuclear challenge on Tuesday, threatening to  totally destroy  the country of 26 million people and mocking its leader, Kim Jong Un, as a  rocket man.  In a hard-edged speech to the United Nations General Assembly, Trump offered a grim portrait of a world in peril, adopted a more confrontational approach to solving global challenges from Iran to Venezuela, and gave an unabashed defense of U.S. sovereignty.   The United States has great strength and patience, but if it is forced to defend itself or its allies, we will have no choice but to totally destroy North Korea,  Trump told the 193-member world body, sticking closely to a script.  As loud, startled murmurs filled the hall, Trump described Kim in an acid tone, saying,  Rocket man is on a suicide mission for himself and his regime.  His remarks rattled world leaders gathered in the green-marbled General Assembly hall, where minutes earlier U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres appealed for statesmanship, saying:  We must not sleepwalk our way into war.  Trump s most direct military threat to attack North Korea, in his debut appearance at the General Assembly, was his latest expression of concern about Pyongyang s repeated launching of ballistic missiles over Japan and underground nuclear tests. Swedish Foreign Minister Margot Wallstrom crossed her arms during the speech.  It was the wrong speech, at the wrong time, to the wrong audience,  Wallstrom later told the BBC. A junior North Korean diplomat sat in the delegation s front-row seat for Trump s speech, the North Korean U.N. mission said. The mission did not immediately respond to a request for comment.  In Germany, Chancellor Angela Merkel said she would do everything in her power to ensure a diplomatic solution.  Anything else would lead to disaster,  she said. Trump s saber-rattling rhetoric, with the bare-knuckled style he used to win election last November, was in contrast to the comments of some of his own Cabinet members who have stated a preference for a diplomatic solution. Defense Secretary James Mattis, who earlier this month raised the prospect of a  massive military response  if needed, on Tuesday told Pentagon reporters that Secretary of State Rex Tillerson was working to resolve the crisis diplomatically. Interviewed by Fox News, Tillerson highlighted Washington s policy of pressuring North Korea through sanctions.  We have the strictest sanctions ever put in place. We do believe there are early signs of those having an effect,  he said.  Ultimately though we re going to need the assistance of the neighbors in the region.     Reaction in the United States to Trump s speech was mixed. Mitt Romney, the 2012 Republican presidential nominee, tweeted that Trump, a fellow Republican,  gave a strong and needed challenge  to U.N. members to confront global challenges. But Democrat Ed Markey of the U.S. Senate Foreign Relations Committee denounced Trump s remarks, telling CNN the president had yet to exhaust his other options in encouraging Pyongyang to negotiate. In a thunderous speech, 42 minutes long according to the official transcript, Trump took aim at Iran s nuclear ambitions and regional influence, Venezuela s collapsing democracy and the threat of Islamist extremists.  Major portions of the world are in conflict and some in fact are going to hell,  he said. His speech recalled the fiery nationalist language of his Jan. 20 inaugural address when he pledged to end what he called an  American carnage  of rusted factories and crime. His strongest words were directed at North Korea. He urged U.N. member states to work together to isolate the Kim government until it ceases its  hostile  behavior. In an apparent prod at China, the North s major trading partner, Trump said:  It is an outrage that some nations would not only trade with such a regime but would arm, supply and financially support a country that imperils the world with nuclear conflict.  The U.N. Security Council has unanimously imposed nine  rounds of sanctions on North Korea since 2006 and Guterres appealed for that 15-member body to maintain its unity. Turning to Iran, Trump called the 2015 nuclear deal negotiated by his predecessor, Barack Obama, an embarrassment and hinted that he may not recertify the agreement when it comes up for a mid-October deadline.  We cannot abide by an agreement if it provides cover for the eventual construction of a nuclear program,  he said. He said the Iranian government  masks a corrupt dictatorship behind the false guise of a democracy.  Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif tweeted a withering response:  Trump s ignorant hate speech belongs in medieval times - not the 21st Century UN - unworthy of a reply. Fake empathy for Iranians fools no one.  French President Emmanuel Macron, in his U.N. speech, said his country would not close the door to negotiations over North Korea and staunchly defended the Iran nuclear deal.  Renouncing it would be a grave error,  Macron said. Trump called the collapsing situation in Venezuela  completely unacceptable  and warned the United States was considering what further actions it can take.  We cannot stand by and watch,  he said. Venezuela rejected Trump s threats and said it was prepared to resist any U.S. actions, even a military invasion. At what was billed as an  anti-imperialist  rally in Caracas, Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro described Trump as  the new Hitler of international politics.  Stocks, bonds and currency markets ended little changed on the day.  I think world markets have become complacent about North Korea,  said Scott Minerd, global chief investment officer of Guggenheim Partners. ",1
19613,China says upholds peaceful resolution of North Korea issue,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China supports a peaceful resolution to the North Korea issue and it is incorrect to say China has not been doing enough, Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi told his French counterpart, China s Foreign Ministry said on Wednesday. The two were meeting on the sidelines of the United Nations the previous day, the ministry added. ",1
19614,Spain on the backfoot in bid to tackle youth unemployment,"MADRID (Reuters) - Finding a fix for Spain s youth unemployment crisis was never going to happen overnight. But Spain took so long to jump on some of the help sent its way - namely a jobs scheme bankrolled by Europe - it risks not fully using a golden opportunity to help youngsters scarred by a deep recession, politicians, unions and jobseekers say. With nearly 40 percent of under-25s still out of work, youth unemployment remains the biggest blot on four years of economic recovery that have earned Spain a spot as one of the euro zone s star performers.  Yet a slow start to a European Union youth jobs and training program has left Spain racing to spend 1.9 billion euros ($2.24 billion) of EU funds as deadlines to use them up near, three years after the financing was first allocated. The sudden splurge has sparked accusations that the money is being wasted on ill-considered training courses and on job-seeker grants that may not induce firms to hire extra staff. Madrid even wants to use the funds as a form of salary top-up for poorly paid youths, though Brussels has questioned whether it complied with program guidelines and requested tweaks. Spain now appears on track to spend its allocation, but there remains a risk that Brussels will not reimburse all of it. To claim back funds from the EU, it is not enough for Madrid to just disburse cash; it must also show that courses and job placements have been completed by year-end deadlines. Madrid is confident that risk can be avoided, but some job-seekers and opposition politicians say the pace of spending in the meantime is becoming reckless and wasteful. Spain s Labour Ministry declined to comment for this story.   This has turned into something where the (EU) funds have to be spent come what may, without really looking at whether ... the measures are effective,  said Rocio de Frutos, a former labor inspector and lawmaker for the Socialists, the main opposition to Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy s People s Party. Environmental studies graduate Ricardo, 25, said the only courses available under the EU-backed program in his town of Segovia, in central Spain, were those he didn t need, like learning English, or were too basic, he said.  But he did several anyway to keep himself occupied.  It was completely useless. After going through this I just think this whole thing is a band-aid for a system that is completely sick,  said Ricardo, who declined to give his full name. Spain s approach to the EU scheme has also exposed broader structural flaws, critics say: a labor framework that is complicated to navigate, hampered by red tape and which offers little by way of tailored training or advice for job-seekers.   The stakes for Spain are high.   Amid fears that a  lost generation  will remain locked out of the labor market even as a financial and property crisis fade, anger has turned against politicians, in an echo of other countries stricken by high employment such as Greece. Spain was the biggest beneficiary of the EU s Youth Guarantee scheme, which EU leaders agreed on in 2013 and which was initially backed by 6.4 billion euros in funds to get young people into work. A Reuters review of spending data found Spain only distributed a tenth of its 1.9 billion euros allocation for the first 18 months, partly because it struggled to attract suitable recipients and to publicize the scheme through layers of national and regional government. The big spending push began in mid-2016, putting Spain on course to meet terms set by the EU to use up just over 1 billion euros of that allocation by end-2017. But it must spend and account for the remaining 900 million euros by end-2018. Stumbling blocks at a European level are partly to blame for delays to the scheme. States were supposed to give out their money first and then bill the EU - a tall order when Spain was under huge European pressure to slash its public deficit.  Spain did not present a single Youth Guarantee bill to the EU between 2014 and 2015, while France, Portugal and Italy had already begun doing so. A source at the ministry said that almost a year of political paralysis in 2016, following two inconclusive elections, had hindered any attempt to amend the Youth Guarantee scheme earlier because the government did not have full powers.  A European Commission official said Spain had made a slow start but the program was now going well there.  We see that joint efforts delivering the Youth Guarantee are now bearing fruit,  the official said.  Some of the scheme s users also praise its benefits. But early hiccups mean some potential jobs never materialized at a critical time, just as Spain was emerging from recession. For a graphic on Spanish youth unemployment, click: here ",1
19615,China offers support for strife-torn Venezuela at United Nations,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China believes that the Venezuelan government and people can resolve their problems within a legal framework and maintain national stability, Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi told his Venezuelan counterpart at the United Nations. At least 125 people have been killed in four months of protests against President Nicol s Maduro s government, which has resisted calls to bring forward the presidential election and instead set up a pro-Maduro legislative superbody called a Constituent Assembly that has overruled the country s opposition-led Congress. U.S. President Donald Trump said on Monday he wanted democracy restored soon in Venezuela and warned that the United States might take additional measures to apply pressure on the oil-producing nation. China, a good friend of Venezuela s, has brushed off widespread condemnation from the United States, Europe and others about the situation in the country. Wang told Venezuelan Foreign Affairs Minister Jorge Arreaza on Tuesday on the sidelines of a U.N. meeting that the two countries have an all-round strategic partnership, Chinese state news agency Xinhua said on Wednesday.  China s policy towards Venezuela will not change,  the report cited Wang as saying. China has always upheld the principle of non-interference in the internal affairs of other countries, and believes Venezuela s government and people have the ability to resolve problems via talks within a legal framework and protect national stability, Wang added.  The international community should take a fair and objective stance and play a constructive role,  he said. China and oil-rich Venezuela have a close diplomatic and business relationship, especially in energy. ",1
19616,"Factbox: Trump on Twitter (September 19) - Venezuela, North Korea, U.N., Mexico","The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump, @realDonaldTrump and @POTUS.  The opinions expressed are his own. Reuters has not edited the statements or confirmed their accuracy.  @realDonaldTrump : - We call for the full restoration of democracy and political freedoms in Venezuela, and we want it to happen very, very soon! [0018 EDT] - #USAatUNGA #UNGA [0047 EDT] - Big day at the United Nations - many good things, and some tricky ones, happening. We have a great team. Big speech at 10:00 A.M.  [0721 EDT] - The US has great strength & patience, but if it is forced to defend itself or its allies, we will have no choice but to totally destroy #NoKo. [1322 EDT] - As President of the United States of America, I will ALWAYS put #AmericaFirst #UNGA Full remarks: 45.wh.gov/wkGxNw [1509 EDT]  - God bless the people of Mexico City. We are with you and will be there for you. [1605 EDT] - It was a great honor to have spoken before the countries of the world at the United Nations. #USAatUNGA #UNGA instagram.com/p/BZPRctNg-5U/ [1804 EDT] - The true question for the @UN... instagram.com/p/BZPnyKZAIA5/ [2119 EDT]  - Puerto Rico being hit hard by new monster Hurricane. Be careful, our hearts are with you- will be there to help! [2223 EDT] - A great and important day at the United Nations.Met with leaders of many nations who agree with much (or all) of what I stated in my speech! [2231 EDT]  - So nice, thank you! bit.ly/2xQjAbv [2233 EDT]  - I was saddened to see how bad the ratings were on the Emmys last night - the worst ever. Smartest people of them all are the  DEPLORABLES.  [2241 EDT]  -- Source link: (bit.ly/2jBh4LU) (bit.ly/2jpEXYR) ",1
19617,China's Xi demands 'strong hands' to maintain stability ahead of Congress,"BEIJING (Reuters) - Stability is an absolute principle that needs to be dealt with using  strong hands , Chinese President Xi Jinping has told security officials ahead of next month s key Congress of the ruling Communist Party. The stability-obsessed party brooks no challenge to its rule and always steps up security ahead of important meetings. Those working in the public security sector should improve their political awareness and maintain the authority and unified leadership of the party, Xi said, in comments reported by the official Xinhua news agency late on Tuesday.  Xi noted that development and stability were the absolute principles, so both should be dealt with by strong hands,  Xinhua said. It is important to prevent and control major risks through the party s leadership, Xi added. More effort needs to be exerted to improve  social governance by socialism with Chinese characteristics  to ensure the country enjoys long-term peace and stability, he was cited as saying. Xi has overseen a broad crackdown on civil society since he assumed office almost five years ago, locking up rights lawyers and dissidents who the government has accused of breaking the law and in some cases of seeking to subvert party rule. The party also remains wary of what it terms  mass incidents , a euphemism for protests, of which there are thousands every year in China, over everything from illegal land seizures and pollution to corruption. The party opens its once-every-five years Congress on Oct. 18, where Xi will seek to consolidate his already tight grip on power. ",1
19618,Caribbean oil terminals make preparations ahead of Hurricane Maria,"HOUSTON (Reuters) - Several Caribbean oil storage terminals that temporarily closed ahead of Hurricane Irma earlier this month have started making preparations in case they have to shut again due to Hurricane Maria, which was a rare Category 5 storm on Tuesday.  Shippers and traders in the Atlantic basin are struggling amid this year s very active storm season, which has seen seven hurricanes so far, four of them major hurricanes, defined as at least a Category 3 on the five-step Saffir-Simpson scale. Hurricane Harvey hit the U.S. Gulf Coast s energy infrastructure at the end of August, halting a large portion of fuel exports to Latin America. This month, hurricanes Irma and Maria have forced Caribbean oil terminals and refineries to shut or slow operations, locking down millions of barrels stored. The scramble for shipments has led some shippers to divert tankers away from Venezuela to feed Latin American and Caribbean countries desperate for fuel. Maria on Tuesday evening churned in the eastern Caribbean about 60 miles (190 km) southeast of St. Croix in the U.S. Virgin Islands, where a 13-million-barrel oil storage facility is located. Operators of other terminals in neighboring islands were monitoring the storm before making operational decisions. The hurricane brushed north of St. Lucia and its path could also include St. Eustatius, Puerto Rico and parts of the Bahamas, islands where most of Caribbean s 100-million-barrel storage capacity is located. NuStar Energy s 13-million-barrel Statia terminal in St. Eustatius remains shut since earlier this month after some of its tanks suffered damage from Irma, according to the company. It also activated a hurricane response plan ahead of Maria. Statoil s South Riding Point terminal in the Bahamas remained open on Tuesday, though the company is monitoring the hurricane, it said in an email to Reuters. U.S.-based Buckeye Partners, the largest terminal operator in the Caribbean, said in an emailed statement that it  initiated full plant shutdown procedures and suspended all marine terminal operations for its operations in Yabucoa, Puerto Rico per our established hurricane preparedness plan.    Buckeye temporarily shut its 23-million-barrel Bahamas terminal, its 6-million-barrel Puerto Rico facility and its Florida pipeline and terminal system earlier in September due to Irma, but all of them were in the process of resuming operations last week. Maria caused  mind boggling damage  in Dominica, where it ripped off roofs across the island before pushing on toward the U.S. Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico on Tuesday. ",1
19619,Cuba calls Trump's U.N. address 'unacceptable and meddling',"HAVANA (Reuters) - Cuba on Tuesday slammed U.S. President Donald Trump s latest comments about the island as  disrespectful, unacceptable and meddling,  while reiterating it was not involved in the alleged incidents that had harmed U.S. diplomats in Havana. The sharply worded Foreign Ministry statement came after U.S. and Cuban delegations met in Washington to discuss bilateral relations, the first such high-level meeting between the Cold War foes since Trump took office in January. Their meeting took place on the same day Trump addressed the United Nations General Assembly in New York, calling Cuba  corrupt and destabilizing.  He also said he would not lift the U.S. trade embargo on Cuba until it made  fundamental reforms.  Cuba said it had voiced  strong protest  against his comments, as well against his new policy toward the Communist-run nation. The Republican president announced in June a partial rollback of the U.S.-Cuban detente forged by his Democratic predecessor, Barack Obama.  In the wake of the disrespectful, unacceptable and meddling statements made by President Donald Trump in his address to the U.N. General Assembly at a time when the U.S.-Cuba Bilateral Commission was sitting in session, the Cuban delegation voiced a strong protest,  the Foreign Ministry statement said. U.S.-Cuban relations have become especially strained since the State Department said last month its personnel in Havana had experienced physical symptoms from what it could only describe as  incidents.  The symptoms ranged from hearing loss to mild brain injury, a State Department official said last week, adding that the toll of victims had risen to 21 people linked to the U.S. Embassy. Several Canadians were also affected. Cuba has denied any involvement and the United States has not blamed it, although Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Sunday it could close its embassy in response.  Cuba has never perpetrated or will ever perpetrate actions of this nature, and has never permitted or will ever permit any third-party use of its territory for this purpose,  Cuba s Foreign Ministry said.  The Cuban authorities have shown keen interest in both clarifying this matter.  ",1
19620,Argentina's Macri deploys popular governor against Fernandez,"BUENOS AIRES (Reuters) - Argentine President Mauricio Macri s main bulwark against a comeback by his populist predecessor, Cristina Fernandez, in October s legislative elections is someone whose name is not even on the ballot. Buenos Aires Governor Maria Eugenia Vidal has been handed the role of ensuring that Macri s  Let s Change  coalition wins more votes than the list of candidates headed by Fernandez, who is running for a Senate seat in Argentina s most-populous province. Argentina s electoral list system guarantees Fernandez will get one of three Senate seats up for grabs in the Oct. 22 vote. What is really at play in the election is whether she gets enough support to pose a serious challenge in the 2019 presidential election, when Macri is expected to run for a second term.  This election is about electoral power and Cristina s ability to make a comeback. It is not about legislative power,  said Julio Burdman, head of local polling firm Observatorio Electoral, referring to the midterm vote.  Vidal is like Captain America. She was created as a super-soldier for Macri to win his war against Cristina,  he added.  An opinion poll released on Tuesday by the firm showed Vidal, 44, was more popular than Macri and holds the key to keeping Fernandez at bay in Buenos Aires. Home to about 40 percent of Argentine voters, the province is the gateway to the presidency.  Billions of dollars in potential investment and the future of Latin America s No. 3 economy hang in the balance. Investors eyeing Argentina s vast oil and mineral wealth want Macri s coalition to block any chance of his political nemesis, Fernandez, returning to the presidency in 2019.  They hope that will turn the page on the free-spending populist governments that have ruled Argentina on-and-off for seven decades since the days of Juan and Evita Peron.  Macri, a scion of a wealthy business family, has a positive image with 44.2 percent of those polled in Buenos Aires province, with Fernandez trailing at 35.1 percent, according to the Observatorio Electoral survey. Vidal, however, comfortably bests them both with 49.8 percent. Even though Fernandez is loved by millions of poor Argentines for her generous social spending, her critics say her growth-at-all-costs policies stoked inflation and distorted the economy through heavy currency controls during her 2007-2015 administrations.  Investors in Argentina s $550 billion economy are therefore focused on how many votes Fernandez and her list of congressional candidates get versus Macri s coalition. Vidal, a former welfare administrator known for her common touch with working families, has become a political juggernaut just when Macri needs her to deflect fallout out from his unpopular subsidy cuts and other fiscal tightening measures. Some 38.2 percent of respondents in the Observatorio Electoral poll said they planned to vote for the list headed by Macri ally Esteban Bullrich, a little-known former education minister. After making a series of gaffes early in the campaign, he has been accompanied by Vidal at most rallies. Fernandez s list trailed with 35.8 percent in the opinion poll. The difference was within the survey s 3.2-point margin of error. So with 7.1 percent of voters still undecided as of Friday, it is still anybody s race. Vidal is walking the province, ringing doorbells and taking to the airwaves in the campaign against Fernandez. A poll over the weekend by consultancy Elypsis showed Vidal was Argentina s most popular politician. She is especially strong in the poor, heavily populated Buenos Aires suburbs, a traditional base of Fernandez support where Macri remains relatively unpopular. Argentina s peso currency, bonds and stock market, fearing a return of the profit-killing economic distortions of the Fernandez years, recoiled in June when she announced she would run for the Senate. It is Vidal s job to make sure Fernandez s support does not grow beyond the 34 percent she got in last month s primary vote, in which she beat Bullrich by less than a percentage point. Polls have generally shown him gaining since then.  While Fernandez refuses to discuss Vidal, the governor has become the Macri camp s most vocal critic of Fernandez, chiding her for not paying attention to the struggling residents of the province she is running to represent in the Senate. Vidal s critics say she is a creation of the media, which regularly cover her neighborhood visits and town-hall meetings. The most direct exchange between Vidal and Fernandez came  after the former president alleged that free cafeterias for poor children had been closed as a reprisal measure when school teachers in the province went on strike over better pay.   I d like to tell Cristina Fernandez that we know, that we are used to her lying while campaigning,  Vidal said.  But I d ask her to leave children out of it. They are going to keep eating, strikes or no strikes.    ",1
19621,Suu Kyi silence on Myanmar ethnic cleansing charge draws cool response,"NAYPYITAW, Myanmar/UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi on Tuesday condemned rights abuses in Rakhine state and said violators would be punished, but she did not address U.N. accusations of ethnic cleansing, drawing cool international responses and calls for action to help minority Muslims. Suu Kyi made the remarks in her first address to the nation since attacks by Rohingya Muslim insurgents on Aug. 25 led to a military response that has forced 421,000 Rohingya Muslims, more than half of them children, into neighboring Bangladesh. Western diplomats and aid officials, hoping for an unequivocal condemnation of violence and hate speech, welcomed the tone of the Nobel Peace laureate s message, but some doubted if she had done enough to deflect global criticism. Long feted in the West as a champion of democracy in the Buddhist-majority country during years of military rule and house arrest, Suu Kyi has faced growing criticism for saying little about abuses faced by the Rohingya.  We condemn all human rights violations and unlawful violence. We are committed to the restoration of peace and stability and rule of law throughout the state,  Suu Kyi said in her address in the capital, Naypyitaw.  Action will be taken against all people, regardless of their religion, race and political position, who go against the law of the land and violate human rights,  she said. In a phone call to Suu Kyi, U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson welcomed the Myanmar government s commitment to allow the return of refugees, but urged it to facilitate humanitarian aid to those affected by the violence and to address  deeply troubling  human rights abuse allegations, the State Department said. Britain said it had suspended its military training program in Myanmar and French President Emmanuel Macron condemned  unacceptable ethnic cleaning . He told the annual U.N. General Assembly he would start a U.N. Security Council initiative to ensure humanitarian access and an end to the violence. U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres told the General Assembly:  The authorities in Myanmar must end the military operations, allow unhindered humanitarian access and recognize the right of refugees to return in safety and dignity; and they must also address the grievances of the Rohingya, whose status has been left unresolved for far too long.  A European Union spokeswoman said Suu Kyi s invitation to the diplomatic corps to visit Rakhine was  a step forward,  but added:  Myanmar s leadership needs to show that the democracy they fought so hard for can work for all the people of Myanmar, beyond ethnic, social and religious boundaries.  At the General Assembly, Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari likened the violence in Myanmar to genocides in Bosnia and Rwanda, while Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan cited the international community s failure in Syria.  Unless the tragedy taking place in Myanmar is brought to a halt, humanity will have to live with the shame of another dark stain in its history,  Erdogan said. Twenty-two members of the U.S. Congress wrote to Tillerson calling for a  strong, meaningful  response to the crisis and the head of the influential Senate Foreign Relations Committee, Bob Corker, said Suu Kyi risked  destroying  her reputation as a force for positive change.  She had yet another opportunity today to stand up for the Rohingya minority ... but instead refused to acknowledge the military s role in the ongoing atrocities,  he said. Amnesty International described Suu Kyi s speech as  little more than a mix of untruths and victim-blaming , saying she and her government were  burying their heads in the sand  for ignoring the army s role in the violence. Myanmar s generals remain in full charge of security and Suu Kyi did not comment on the military or its actions, except to say there had been  no armed clashes and there have been no clearance operations  since Sept. 5. Rohingya refugees arriving in Bangladesh have told of soldiers and Buddhist civilians attacking and burning villages as recently as last Friday. It was not possible to verify their accounts. Rights monitors and fleeing Rohingya say the army and Rakhine Buddhist vigilantes have mounted a campaign of arson aimed at driving out the Muslim population. The U.N. rights agency said it was  a textbook example of ethnic cleansing . Myanmar rejects the charge, saying its forces are tackling insurgents of the Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army who it has accused of setting the fires and attacking civilians. Western governments that backed Suu Kyi s campaign against military rule still see her as the best hope for Myanmar s political and economic transition. But she has to avoid angering the powerful army and alienating supporters by being seen to take the side of a Muslim minority that enjoys little sympathy in a country that has seen a surge of Buddhist nationalism. Phil Robertson of Human Rights Watch said satellite images showed about half of all Rohingya villages had been torched and it was time that Suu Kyi, the government and military faced the fact that the security forces  shoot and kill who they want.   Suu Kyi, 72, said her government had been promoting harmony between the Muslim and largely Buddhist ethnic Rakhine communities. But a government official there did not share her optimism.  They have no trust for each other,  the state s secretary, Tin Maung Swe, told Reuters, adding that tensions were high.  The situation is ready to explode.  Suu Kyi said she was committed to recommendations made by the advisory team led by Kofi Annan, a former U.N. secretary-general, which last month suggested a review of a law that links  citizenship and ethnicity and leaves most Rohingya stateless. On the return of refugees, Suu Kyi said Myanmar was ready to start a verification process and  refugees from this country will be accepted without any problem . ",1
19622,"Qatar emir again urges dialogue, Trump says dispute to be resolved quickly","UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Qatar s Emir Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad al-Thani on Tuesday renewed a call for  unconditional dialogue  to end a crisis pitting Qatar against four Arab states while U.S. President Donald Trump said he expected the dispute to be resolved quickly. Speaking from the podium of the 193-member United Nations General Assembly, Sheikh Tamim renewed the call  for an unconditional dialogue based on mutual respect for sovereignty . Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Egypt and Bahrain cut diplomatic and trade links with Qatar on June 5, suspending air and shipping routes with the world s biggest exporter of liquefied natural gas, which is home to the region s biggest U.S. military base. The nations say Doha supports regional foe Iran and Islamists, charges Qatar s leaders deny. Kuwait has been trying to mediate and the United States has taken an increasingly robust role in trying to end the crisis, but as yet to no avail. Trump and Sheikh Tamim later held a meeting in which the emir was careful to emphasize the strong Qatar-U.S. relationship after Trump appeared to be more sympathetic to the Saudi position at the start of the crisis. Qatar hosts Al Udeid air base, the largest U.S. military facility in the Middle East.  As you said, Mr. President, we have a problem with our neighbors,  Tamim said, adding that with Trump s intervention,  hopefully we can find a solution for this problem.  Trump, who has said he would be willing to mediate the worst dispute in decades among the U.S.-allied Arab states and Qatar, said he had a  very strong feeling  the dispute would be solved  pretty quickly . In a speech severely criticizing the four Arab states  conduct during the dispute, the emir said the countries were inflicting damage on the  war on terror.   The countries who imposed the blockade on the State of Qatar interfere in the internal affairs of many countries, and accuse all those who oppose them domestically and abroad with terrorism. By doing that they are inflicting damage on the war on terror,  Sheikh Tamim said in his speech to the annual gathering of world leaders.  We have refused to yield to dictations by pressure and siege.  A Gulf official from one of the opposing countries said it was  unfortunate that Emir Tamim continues to talk about a blockade when even he in the same speech acknowledged that his ship lanes are open.   It s disappointing that he talks about interference in the internal affairs of others while refusing to admit that is a core part of the four nations  complaints against Qatar,  the official added. Earlier this month, Saudi Arabia suspended any dialogue with Qatar, accusing it of  distorting facts,  just after a report of a phone call between the leaders of the two countries suggested a breakthrough in the Gulf dispute. Saudi Arabia s Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman spoke by the telephone with Qatar s emir in the first publicly reported contact between the two leaders since the start of the crisis. ",1
19623,At least 138 people killed by earthquake in Mexico,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - At least 138 people were killed by a powerful earthquake that struck central Mexico on Tuesday, the nation s civil protection agency said. The highest death toll was in Morelos state, just south of Mexico City, where 64 deaths were reported, said Luis Felipe Puente, the head of the agency. In Mexico City, at least 36 people were killed, he said.  In the neighboring state of Mexico, at least nine people were killed. Twenty-nine deaths were reported in the state of Puebla, to the south, Puente said. Earlier, officials in Puebla reported that 41 had died in the state, suggesting the death toll may be even higher. One death was also reported in the state of Guerrero, in southwestern Mexico, which Puente did not include in his count.  ",1
19624,Central African president pleads to U.N.: Don't forget us,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The president of the Central African Republic, Faustin-Archange Touadera, on Tuesday pleaded with the world to not forget his country and urged the U.N. to bolster its peace-keeping force amid growing violence that threatens to spin the country out of control. Thousands have died and a fifth of Central Africans have fled a conflict that broke out after mainly Muslim Seleka rebels ousted President Francois Bozize in 2013, provoking a backlash from Christian anti-balaka (anti-machete) militias. Although unrest has since subsided, fighting has spiked this year and the United Nations warned this month that ethnic fighting could descend again into a much larger conflict if combatants are not disarmed.  Central Africa is at a critical moment in its history. We need the support of our friends; there are risks that we ll be forgotten,  Touadera told a news conference ahead of a high-level meeting at the U.N. General Assembly.  Violence has escalated since former colonial power France last year ended its peacekeeping mission in the country, which once had as many as 2,000 soldiers. France has grown concerned by events, although officials say Paris is unlikely to return to Central Africa unless the capital were under threat. The violence continues despite a peace deal signed between the government and rival factions in Rome last month and a 13,000-strong U.N. mission (MINUSCA), which will see its mandate renewed in November.  The only force capable of ensuring security is the United Nations,  Touadera said.  The capacities of MINUSCA in terms of men and equipment have to be strengthened.   National security forces are too weak to tackle a multitude of armed groups and counter the spillover from conflicts in neighboring countries. Diplomats have also said that Touadera does not have the political strength to impose central government rule. Touadera bemoaned the departure of France s Operation Sangaris, but also the withdrawal of about 2,000 American and Uganda forces that were fighting the Ugandan rebel group The Lord s Resistance Army and the withdrawal of MINUSCA s Congolese battalion in the west.  All of this has created a vacuum that the MINUSCA must fill,  he said.      ",1
19625,Iran nuclear deal must change if U.S. to stay: Tillerson,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The Iran nuclear deal must be changed if the United States is to remain in it, the top U.S. diplomat said on Tuesday, suggesting its key limits on the Iranian nuclear program must be extended.  Making his debut appearance at the annual United Nations General Assembly, U.S. President Donald Trump accused Iran of exporting  violence, bloodshed and chaos  and of seeking to project its influence in Yemen, Syria and elsewhere in a region rife with sectarian conflicts between Sunni and Shi ite Muslims.  We cannot let a murderous regime continue these destabilizing activities while building dangerous missiles, and we cannot abide by an agreement if it provides cover for the eventual construction of a nuclear program,  Trump said. He saved his harshest words for the 2015 pact struck by Iran and six major world powers under which Tehran agreed to restrict its nuclear program in return for loosening economic sanctions.  The Iran deal was one of the worst and most one-sided transactions the United States has ever entered into. Frankly, that deal is an embarrassment to the United States, and I don t think you ve heard the last of it - believe me,  Trump said. His chief diplomat, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, went further, telling Fox News that the agreement must be changed or the United States could not stick with it. Tillerson said the  sunset  clauses, under which some of the deal s restrictions on Iran s nuclear program expire from 2025, were of particular concern.  If we re going to stick with the Iran deal there has to be changes made to it. The sunset provisions simply is not a sensible way forward,  he said.  It s just simply ... kicking the can down the road again for someone in the future to have to deal with,  he added. In contrast, French President Emmanuel Macron praised the agreement during his speech and said it was inconceivable to abandon it.  Renouncing it would be a grave error, not respecting it would be irresponsible, because it is a good accord that is essential to peace at a time where the risk of an infernal conflagration cannot be excluded,  Macron said. The French president said he understood U.S. concerns but thought the way to address them was to open up a negotiation designed to extend limits on its nuclear program beyond 2025. Macron and other supporters of the accord say weakening or scrapping the deal would add fuel to a regional powder keg and deter North Korea from negotiating on its nuclear program. The July 14, 2015 accord aims, for a decade, to extend the amount of time it would theoretically take Iran to produce enough fissile material for an atomic bomb - so-called breakout time - from several months to a minimum of one year. Critics of the deal, including Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, worry that, once the main restrictions on Iran s nuclear program expire in 10 to 15 years, Tehran will be in a position to quickly develop an atomic weapon, if it wishes. Iran responded angrily to Trump s remarks.  Trump s ignorant hate speech belongs in medieval times - not the 21st Century UN - unworthy of a reply,  Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif, Iran s lead negotiator for the nuclear agreement, said on Twitter. The U.S. president must decide by Oct. 15 whether to certify that Iran is complying with the pact, a decision that could sink the deal. If he does not, the U.S. Congress has 60 days to decide whether to reimpose sanctions waived under the deal. Netanyahu was also unsparing in his criticism of the nuclear pact, though Israeli officials privately admit that having some restrictions on Iran s program are better than none.  Change it, or cancel it. Fix it, or nix it,  Netanyahu said in his U.N. speech, saying the most important change was to eliminate the  sunset  clauses. The Obama administration had said the deal would ensure long-term scrutiny of Iran to deter it from developing a bomb, a view echoed by Macron on Tuesday as he noted its monitoring by the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) U.N. nuclear watchdog. Trump s pugnacious U.N. speech may empower hard-liners in Iran, who are pushing for global isolation and who discourage already wary foreign investors. His stance, unlike Obama s offer of an olive branch, could serve the hard-liners loyal to Iran s most powerful authority, Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.  Such Khamenei allies, including Iran s Revolutionary Guards (IRGC), some powerful clerics and influential politicians, are wary of any detente with the West which could imperil the Islamic Revolution and undermine their economic interests. The nuclear deal was negotiated with Iran by the United States, Russia, China, Britain, Germany and France. The six will meet with Iran at the ministerial level on Wednesday. ",1
19626,Nigerian air force deploys aircraft to restive southeast,"LAGOS (Reuters) - Nigeria s air force on Tuesday said it was deploying aircraft to the southeast of the country where unrest related to a campaign for secession has escalated in an area formerly known as Biafra. The military presence in the southeast has increased in the last few weeks as part of an operation that the military said was part of efforts to crack down on crime, kidnapping and secessionist agitation. The air force deployment marks a further escalation of the operation, which began this month.  The essence of the deployment is to provide the necessary air cover to the ground troops to enhance overall operational cohesion and efficiency,  said Olatokunbo Adesanya, a Nigerian Air Force (NAF) spokesman.  The request by the Nigerian Army for close air support made the involvement of the NAF inevitable,  he added. The military deployment has led to tension between troops and the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) secessionist group which last week accused soldiers of laying siege to their leader s home. The army denied the accusation.  A curfew was subsequently imposed in Abia state, where the residence is located, and the army on Friday categorized IPOB as a  terrorist organization . Secessionist sentiment has simmered in the southeast since the Biafra separatist rebellion plunged Africa s most populous country into a civil war from 1967 to 1970 that killed around one million people. ",1
19627,"At U.N., Trump's tough talk opens door for Macron's diplomacy","UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron cast himself as the antithesis of Donald Trump at the United Nations on Tuesday, a position that could enable him to play the honest broker in international conflicts.  A few hours after the U.S. president pugnaciously defended his unilateralist America First doctrine and launched scathing verbal attacks on North Korea and Iran, Macron took to the same stage to advance a diametrically opposed stance.   Multilateralism is the most efficient way to face global challenges. It is the realization of a vision of the world that protects us,  Macron said in his first address to the U.N. annual gathering of world leaders in New York.  The response to Trump was barely veiled when he added minutes later that multilateralism was  also believing that the United Nations has all its legitimacy to act and maintain international balances.  The two men, who had a warm exchange on Monday ahead of a bilateral meeting, appear to have little in common on paper, but since his election in May, Macron, 39, has nurtured a close relationship with the 71-year-old businessman-turned-politician who entered the White House eight months ago. Despite Trump s unpredictable foreign policy, Macron has sought not to isolate Washington, sensing an opportunity to sway its thinking and elevate the role of France, a nuclear power and permanent member of the U.N. Security Council, in global affairs. As part of that, Macron has also sought to improve ties with Russia despite its tense relationship with the West.  IRAN-US MEDIATION  While Trump on Tuesday called a 2015 nuclear deal with Iran an  embarrassment  and the  worst ever , Macron staunchly defended it as  good  and labeled its opponents as  irresponsible.   That President Trump thinks that this agreement is not perfect and doesn t protect enough is an argument that I can hear, but I asked him what was his alternative proposal. I didn t understand it,  Macron later told reporters. He quickly followed the criticism with an acknowledgment that Trump s fears were not completely irrational.   I m proposing additional elements (to the deal) that are independent, but that will alleviate concerns that the United States and countries in the region may have,  Macron said. French and European diplomats said Macron had also had a frank exchange with Iran s president Hassan Rouhani on Monday, warning him that Tehran should stop destabilizing the region and stoking Trump s furor.   JAW-JAW BETTER THAN WAR-WAR Despite little prospect of getting Iran and the United States around the same table to push a new peace initiative to end a six-year-old Syria civil war, Macron suggested he would try to mediate between the two rivals.  If we don t resolve the Syrian problem with Iran around the table, then we will not have an efficient response because Iran today is among the powers that have an influence on the ground,  Macron said. Paris is trying to set up an international contact group on Syria to revive stalled peace talks in Geneva, but Trump s anti-Iran stance has partly complicated those efforts.  Noting the U.S. refusal today, I want that the contact group advances and that the United Nations and France can serve as intermediaries with Iran,  Macron said.  Macron, France s youngest leader since Napoleon two centuries ago, used the U.N. platform to stress that war was truly a last resort and that past mistakes had shown that. Trump had earlier escalated his standoff with North Korea over its nuclear challenge, threatening to  totally destroy  the country of 26 million people and mocking its leader, Kim Jong Un, as a  rocket man.   Multilateralism must do everything to avoid war. Every time we have forgotten this and tried to get a short-term satisfactory solution without a diplomatic roadmap we failed and that was the case in Iraq and Libya,  Macron said.   With North Korea we are not there. I think it is untimely to put forward the threat of war,  he added, urging better implementation of sanctions to pressure Pyongyang back to peace talks. Despite clear differences on policy, Macron has repeatedly emphasized that he shares certain objectives with Trump, making crushing Islamic State and countering global terrorism leading priorities.  We have an exemplary relationship with the United States in fighting terrorism in Africa and the Middle East,  Macron said.  While Trump irked Macron with his decision to pull out of a landmark international accord reached in Paris in 2015 to fight climate change, the French leader has not given up on trying to get Trump to reconsider.   We have a disagreement on climate. President Trump said he wanted to leave the deal, but on a legal basis he still needs to put that into action so it s not a legal reality yet.  The Paris accord is a basis.. I will make it live. I continue to talk to the United States with the hope that it comes back into the international fold and clarifies its vision of things.  ",1
19628,At least 93 dead in Mexico after quake :officials,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - At least 93 people were killed when a powerful earthquake struck central Mexico on Tuesday, officials said. The state of Morelos, just south of Mexico City, saw the highest death toll, with officials reporting 54 deaths. The state of Puebla, where the epicenter of the quake struck, saw at least 26 deaths, the governor said.   At least four people were killed in the capital, while nine people were left dead in the neighboring state of Mexico, officials said.  ",1
19629,Iran nuclear deal must be changed for U.S. to remain in pact: Tillerson,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Tuesday the Iran nuclear agreement must be changed or the United States could not remain part of the pact. Tillerson, in an interview on Fox News, said the so-called sunset clauses, under which some of the 2015 deal s restrictions on Iran s nuclear program expire over time, were of particular concern.  If we re going to stick with the Iran deal there has to be changes made to it. The sunset provisions simply is not a sensible way forward,  Tillerson said.  It s just simply ... kicking the can down the road again for someone in the future to have to deal with.  ",1
19630,Senator urges U.S. airlines to cap fares for people fleeing Maria,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senator Bill Nelson sent letters to the chief executives of 10 major U.S.-based airlines on Monday, urging them to cap airline fares for passengers fleeing Hurricane Maria so that confusion over cost does not delay evacuations, an aide said.  I urge you to begin the process now for implementing capped airfare,  Nelson said in his letter, noting that Maria is already a major hurricane.  Individuals and families should not be forced to delay or cancel their evacuation efforts because of confusion over the cost of airfare.  ",1
19631,Hurricane Maria regains Category 5 hurricane strength: NHC,"(Reuters) - Hurricane Maria has intensified and regained its Category 5 hurricane strength, the U.S. National Hurricane Center (NHC) said on Tuesday. Maria, which made landfall in Dominica as a Category 5 storm on Monday night, is about 205 miles (325 km) southeast of St. Croix with maximum sustained winds of 160 mph (260 km/h), it said. The hurricane is expected to move towards the Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico on Tuesday night and Wednesday, the Miami-based weather forecaster added. ",1
19632,Puerto Rico power grid faces generational threat in Hurricane Maria,"(Reuters) - Hurricane Maria was on course Tuesday to slam Puerto Rico with a direct hit that could devastate the island s underfunded power grid, still recovering from Hurricane Irma two weeks ago. The Category 5 storm, the top end of the five-step Saffir-Simpson scale, could strain the resources of the island s power provider, Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority (PREPA). The utility filed for bankruptcy in July, after years of underinvestment that yielded a system it called  degraded and unsafe.   Maria is expected to strike the island on Wednesday with winds of up to 160 miles per hour (257 km per hour), the U.S. National Hurricane Center (NHC) said. Irma grazed Puerto Rico, knocking out power to more than 1 million of PREPA s 1.5 million customers, according to the U.S. Energy Department. All but about 60,000 have had power restored, and the island s power plants were not severely damaged.  Maria, however, could be the first major hurricane - defined as Category 3 or higher - to make landfall since Georges in 1998, said Todd Crawford, chief meteorologist at The Weather Company, an IBM company. It could be the first Category 5 since San Felipe II in 1928, which killed more than 300 people on the island.   No generation has seen a hurricane like this since San Felipe II in 1928. This is an unprecedented atmospheric system,  said Puerto Rico Governor Ricardo Rossell , in a statement on Tuesday. The island could be faced with outages for weeks, straining the resources of a utility whose power plants have a median age of 44 years, compared with an industry average of 18 years, and more frequent power outages. PREPA said in a draft fiscal plan released in April that  years of underinvestment have led to severe degradation of infrastructure.    Even if we had an energy system in prime condition, which we all know we don t have, it still would be very difficult,  said Nydia Suarez, who works at CNE Group, a think tank, and lives on the island. She plans to stay with her son in Guaynabo, which is farther inland than her home in San Juan. The utility had to declare bankruptcy in July due to a $9 billion hole deepened by a lengthy recession on the island, inconsistent management and ineffective collections.  The island s power prices are already higher than any U.S. state other than Hawaii, according to the U.S. Energy Department.   They have been reluctant to raise rates to generate additional revenues to increase capital expenditures on the island ... because the population is a bit depressed,  said Rick Donner, vice president and senior credit officer at credit rating agency Moody s Investors Service in New York.     PREPA will use the same plan it used for Irma, Executive Director Ricardo Ramos said in a news release, by first energizing hospitals, water plants and some industries.  The utility said it has refilled all fuel tanks while workers collect debris and trim trees damaged by Irma near transmission lines.  The Department of Energy said it was working with the American Public Power Authority (APPA), PREPA and the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) to get mutual aid workers to Puerto Rico and elsewhere.  I was 12 days without electricity after Georges. We think about that and with a power system that is worse than it was then   more fragile   we re expecting more time without power,  CNE Group s Suarez said. ",1
19633,"Iran says Trump's U.N. remarks 'shameless, ignorant': Fars news agency","UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Iran denounced U.S. President Donald Trump s U.N. remarks as  shameless and ignorant  and said his speech on Tuesday showed his lack of knowledge about Tehran s fight against terrorism, the semi-official Fars news agency reported.  Trump s shameless and ignorant remarks, in which he ignored Iran s fight against terrorism, displays his lack of knowledge and unawareness,  Iran s Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif was quoted as saying. ",1
19634,Rohingya Muslims trapped after Myanmar violence told to stay put,"SITTWE, Myanmar (Reuters) - Thousands of Rohingya Muslims trapped by hostile Buddhists in northwestern Myanmar have enough food and will not be granted the safe passage they requested from two remote villages, a senior government official said on Tuesday. The Rohingya villagers said they wanted to leave but needed government protection from ethnic Rakhine Buddhists who had threatened to kill them. They also said they were running short of food since Aug. 25, when Rohingya militants launched deadly attacks in Rakhine state, provoking a fierce crackdown by the Myanmar military. At least 420,000 Rohingya have since fled into neighboring Bangladesh to escape what a senior United Nations official has called a  textbook example of ethnic cleansing . Tin Maung Swe, secretary of the Rakhine state government, said requests from the two villages for safe passage had been denied, since they had enough rice and were protected by a nearby police outpost.  Their reasons were not acceptable,  he said.  They must stay in their original place.  Residents of Ah Nauk Pyin, one of the two Rohingya villages, said they hoped to move to the relative safety of a camp outside Sittwe, the nearby state capital. About 90,000 Rohingya displaced by a previous bout of violence in 2012 are confined to camps in Rakhine in squalid conditions. But such a move was  impossible,  said state secretary Tin Maung Swe, since it might anger Rakhine Buddhists and further inflame communal tensions. In a nationally televised speech on Tuesday, Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi vowed to punish the perpetrators of human rights violations in Rakhine, but did not address U.N. accusations of ethnic cleansing by the military. The Nobel Peace Prize laureate said that many Muslims had not fled and urged foreign diplomats to study why certain areas of Rakhine state had  managed to keep the peace .  We can arrange for you to visit these areas and to ask them for yourself why they have not fled ... even at a time when everything around them seems to be in a state or turmoil,  she said. The Rohingya residents of Ah Nauk Pyin say they have no other choice but to stay, and their fraught relations with equally edgy Rakhine neighbors could snap at any moment. About 2,700 people live in Ah Nauk Pyin, which sits half-hidden among fruit trees and coconut palms on a rain-swept peninsula.  Its residents said that Rakhine men have made threatening phone calls and recently congregated outside the village to shout,  Leave, or we will kill you all . On Tuesday morning, Rakhine villagers chased away two Rohingya men trying to tend to their fields, said Maung Maung, the leader of Ah Nauk Pyin. The Rakhine deny harassing their Muslim neighbors, but want them to leave, fearing they might collaborate with militants from the Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army (ARSA), which carried out the Aug. 25 attacks. Khin Tun Aye, chief of Shwe Laung Tin, one of the nearby Rakhine villages, said they had chased away the two Rohingya men in case they were  planning to attack or blow up our village .  They shouldn t come close during this time of conflict situation. People are living in constant fear,  he said. The Office of the United Nations Resident Coordinator in Myanmar told Reuters it was  aware and concerned  about the situation and was discussing it with the Myanmar government. State secretary Tin Maung Swe said Reuters could not visit the area for security reasons, but said the authorities were assessing needs of those living there.  If they need food, we are ready to send it,  he said.  Don t worry about it.  ",1
19635,British PM expected to offer to fill post-Brexit EU budget hole: FT,"(Reuters) - The British government has told German Chancellor Angela Merkel to expect Prime Minister Theresa May this week to offer to fill a post-Brexit European Union budget hole of at least 20 billion euros, the Financial Times reported on Tuesday.  The prime minister s EU adviser Oliver Robbins assured his European counterparts that May s Friday speech in Florence would include the offer, the FT reported, citing officials briefed on the discussions.  ",1
19636,Hamas asks Abbas to lift Gaza sanctions after disbanding shadow government,"RAFAH, Gaza Strip (Reuters) - Hamas called on Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas on Tuesday to respond to the disbanding of its shadow government in the Gaza Strip by ending his sanctions on the impoverished enclave. Following Egyptian-mediated reconciliation talks with Abbas s Western-backed Fatah faction, Islamist Hamas said on Sunday it would dissolve its Gaza  administrative committee  to enable the president s administration to retake control. The announcement promised relief for Gazans who, under a decade of Hamas rule, have endured poverty, three wars with Israel and Cairo s cold shoulder. Yet implementation may hinge on power-sharing negotiations that stymied previous unity bids.   We have taken practical steps on the ground. The administrative committee no longer functions in Gaza and we are ready, starting now, to welcome the government of national consensus,  Hamas official Ismail Haniyeh told reporters. Speaking after crossing into Gaza from Egypt, Haniyeh said he spoke with Abbas by phone, telling him:  Our people expect you to suspend and cancel the measures and begin a dialogue.  Aiming to pressure Hamas to relinquish control of Gaza, Abbas in June cut payments to Israel for the electricity it supplies to the enclave, leading to power being provided for less than four hours on some days, and never more than six hours a day. Abbas has also slashed by 30 percent the salaries of some 60,000 Gazans employed by his Palestinian Authority. Abbas, who is at the U.N. general assembly, on Sunday welcomed the Hamas overture and said he would convene the Palestinian leadership for further discussion on his return.  Blacklisted as a terrorist group by Israel and the West, Hamas won 2006 legislative elections and, after an uneasy alliance with Fatah, seized control of Gaza in a brief civil war the following year. The rival factions agreed in 2014 to form a national unity government but could not agree on the details. Mending fences with Abbas would be another step in Hamas  diplomatic push to improve relations with its neighbor Egypt, which has kept its frontier with Gaza largely closed and accused the group in the past of aiding Islamist militants in Egypt s Sinai desert, something Hamas denies.  I can say that this visit (to Cairo) has laid strategic foundations for the ties between Egypt and Hamas,  Haniyeh said. ",1
19637,"Egypt's Sisi urges Palestinians to unite, co-exist with Israelis","UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi urged Palestinians to overcome their differences and be ready to co-exist with each other and with Israelis in safety and security.   I tell the Palestinian people it s extremely important ... to overcome the differences and not to lose opportunities and to be ready to accept co-existence with the other, with Israelis in safety and security,  Sisi told the annual U.N. General Assembly gathering of world leaders in New York. Following Egyptian-mediated reconciliation talks with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas  Western-backed Fatah faction, Islamist Hamas said on Sunday it would dissolve its  administrative committee  to enable Abbas  administration to retake control in the Gaza Strip. Hamas urged Abbas on Tuesday to respond by ending his sanctions on the impoverished enclave. Addressing the Israelis, Sisi said:  We have an excellent experience in Egypt in peace with you for longer than 40 years.   We can repeat this experience and this excellent step once again - the peace and security of the Israeli citizens together with the peace and security of the Palestinian citizens,  Sisi told the 193-member General Assembly to a round of applause. Israel and Egypt signed a 1979 treaty that began with overtures toward peace in 1977. Qatar s Emir Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad al-Thani also appealed on Tuesday, during his speech to the General Assembly, for the Palestinians  to complete national reconciliation and unify positions and words in confronting the dangers and challenges facing the Palestinian cause and the future of the Palestinian people.      ",1
19638,Catalan mayors exercise right to remain silent in referendum questioning,"BARCELONA (Reuters) - The first of hundreds of Catalan mayors summoned to answer questions on why they have backed a banned Oct. 1 referendum on independence from Spain appeared before the state prosecutor on Tuesday amid cheers and chants from supporters. The first three mayors to declare exercised their right to remain silent, the Association of Municipalities for Independence (AMI) said. Years of separatist feeling in the industrial northeastern region will come to a head in less than two weeks as the fiercely pro-independence regional government calls a referendum on splitting from Spain. Madrid has declared the referendum illegal and the Constitutional Court has suspended the vote that was approved by the regional government earlier this month. On Tuesday, police continued their search for ballot boxes, voting papers and campaign leaflets, raiding the offices of Spain s biggest private delivery company Unipost in several Catalan cities and clashing with protesters. So far, 745 of 948 municipal leaders have said they will provide venues for the referendum.  Voting is not a crime,  said Marc Solsona, mayor of the town of Mollerussa, one of nearly 750 mayors facing charges of civil disobedience, abuse of office and misuse of public funds, as he left the state prosecutor s office in Barcelona.  I m just the mayor and I have to serve my people. I am committed to the people being able to vote on Oct. 1 in accordance with the law passed by the Catalan parliament and what happens to me is not important,  he said. Solsona smiled, kissed and gripped hands with dozens of clapping supporters gathered outside the state prosecutor s office as he entered to chants of  You are not alone .  We consider ourselves privileged to have a mayor who represents the townspeople above any other interests - political or financial,  said 63-year-old pensioner Angel Tena, who had traveled to Barcelona to support the mayor. Spain s Civil Guard, a national police force, on Tuesday seized over 45,000 envelopes packed in cardboard boxes that the Catalan government was ready to send to notify people around the region about the referendum, the Spanish interior ministry said. While police raided the Unipost offices in Terrassa, dozens of people gathered outside chanting  Out with the occupying forces,  handing out voting papers, flying Catalan flags, and laying carnations on police cars. Later on protesters scuffled with Catalan police called in to move protesters preventing the Civil Guard from leaving the premises, according to Reuters footage. The police hit several protesters outside the offices with truncheons. Unipost confirmed the raid without giving further details. Although polls show less than half of Catalonia s 5.5 million voters want self-rule, most in the wealthy northeastern region want the chance to vote on the issue. ",1
19639,Rebels say U.S. evacuates base in southern Syrian desert,"AMMAN (Reuters) - U.S. troops and allied Arab fighters have evacuated a garrison set up in June in the Syrian desert near the border with Iraq and relocated to their main Tanf base, rebel sources said on Tuesday. They said the move follows a deal between Washington and Moscow to abandon the Zakf site, located around 60-70 km (40-50 miles) northeast of Tanf. Syrian President Bashar al-Assad has gained momentum in the six-year civil war but rebel groups still control large, populous areas in both the northwest and southwest of the country as well as other pockets elsewhere.  Zakf was established to stop the Syrian army and allied Iranian-backed militias advancing from territory north of Tanf toward the Iraqi border after they managed to cut off and encircle rebels backed by Washington.    We have left the garrison after our allies reached an agreement with Russia to pull back to Tanf. We have moved all the equipment and destroyed some of the fortifications so they are no longer usable,  said a source who belongs to Maghawir al-Thawra. Maghawir al-Thawra is a Pentagon-backed rebel group that maintained the base and patrols around Tanf. The Pentagon did not comment on the status of the Zakf site. It has closed numerous temporary bases, as warranted by the operational situation, said spokesman Eric Pahon.  Zakf was set up at a tense moment when jets of the U.S.-led coalition hit Iranian-backed militias several times to stop them advancing toward Tanf, located near Syria s border with Iraq, to ensure the safety of its forces.  The base was a first line of defense and now the justification behind it is no longer present and the aim is to concentrate in Tanf,  the senior commander in the group said.   Western-backed rebels had also hoped at the time that it could be used to take more territory along the Iraqi border and to push toward Deir al-Zor in eastern Syria.  However, advances by the Syrian army and its allies from central Syria, as well as by coalition-backed forces from northern Syria, have since approached the city, making a rebel drive there from the south redundant.  As the fighting has moved to Deir al-Zor, most Iranian-backed forces have pulled away from the area around Tanf, said a Western diplomat familiar with the situation, based on intelligence reports.  At the same time, Western and Arab countries, have put pressure on rebel groups they back in the sparsely populated desert area to pull out of Syria and retreat to Jordan, which the groups have so far resisted. Washington and Moscow have now moved closer to cooperation in Syria, brokering a ceasefire in the southwest which was the first such understanding between them since the start of the conflict. The diplomat said the latest move is part of a broader effort that included that ceasefire.   This is the latest outcome of the ongoing secret US-Russian talks over southern Syria,  the diplomat, who requested anonymity, told Reuters.  Tanf is the only position with a significant U.S. military presence in Syria outside the Kurdish-controlled north, where it has much larger air bases. ",1
19640,"Trump says he expects Qatar, Arab neighbors to quickly resolve dispute","NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Tuesday he thought the dispute between Qatar and some of its Arab neighbors would be resolved quickly.  We are right now in a situation where we re trying to solve a problem in the Middle East. And I think we ll get it solved, I have a very strong feeling that it will be solved pretty quickly,  Trump said in New York as he met Qatar s Emir Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad al-Thani. ",1
19641,U.N. seeks to rally foreign backing for new Libyan peace plan,"TUNIS (Reuters) - The United Nations is seeking to marshal international support this week for a new push to break a political stalemate in Libya and end the turmoil that followed the country s 2011 uprising. The world body s Libya envoy, Ghassan Salame, is expected to set out an  action plan  on the sidelines of the U.N. General Assembly in New York on Wednesday that will propose amending a 2015 peace deal that quickly stalled. The U.N.-backed Government of National Accord (GNA) set up under the December 2015 deal has never fully established itself in Tripoli, leaving Libya with three competing governments aligned with rival armed alliances. Hamstrung by internal splits in its nine-member leadership, or Presidency Council, the GNA has been unable to tackle Libya s acute liquidity crisis, save collapsing public services or bring powerful militias to heel. Though oil production has partially recovered and local forces ousted Islamic State from their North African stronghold of Sirte last year, security vacuums in central and southern Libya persist and armed groups control the informal economy. Eastern-based commander Khalifa Haftar has gradually strengthened his position on the ground, with support from Egypt and the United Arab Emirates. Lauded by allies for his anti-Islamist stance, Haftar is accused by foes of seeking to reimpose military rule that they fought to overthrow when they toppled veteran ruler Muammar Gaddafi six years ago.   The most important thing is to convince Haftar that a peaceful solution is better than a military one,  said Karim Mezran of the Atlantic Council, a U.S. think-tank.  You have to convince the Egyptians and the Emiratis who are his main supporters to reduce that support.  Salame, who took up his post in August, is expected to propose reducing the unwieldy GNA Presidency Council to three members and it would then nominate a new transitional government, diplomats and analysts say. But securing changes to the 2015 deal would need the approval of a barely functional eastern-based parliament. The European Union and the United States have imposed sanctions on the head of that parliament, Agila Saleh, accusing him of stalling Libya s political process.  A delegation from the eastern parliament is expected to start negotiating with members of its Tripoli-based rival assembly. They are under pressure to reach an agreement before Dec. 17, when opponents of the 2015 deal say it expires. Salame must also balance calls for new elections with the need to prepare a legal framework in which they can take place, diplomats say. Before elections  you need a timetable to do the necessary preparation ... but at the same time you need a government that can govern and unify the political, economic and social and military institutions of the country and deliver services in that interim period,  said a senior Western diplomat. Some armed groups have cemented their positions since 2015, while political factions across Libya have become even more splintered.  Now the problem is that those factions have fragmented internally,  said Claudia Gazzini, a senior analyst for the International Crisis Group.  It s even more difficult to solicit representative views.  Elections would require an electoral law, and possibly a referendum to endorse a new constitution. In 2014, elections were challenged, leading to a major escalation of conflict and the division of Libya s key institutions.  Of course it s not going to be easy, and once (Salame) makes the announcement there ll be some who will not see advantage out of it,  said the Western diplomat. ",1
19642,Mattis says U.S. effort on North Korea aims for diplomatic solution,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States hopes to find a diplomatic solution to the situation in North Korea and is addressing it through an international process, U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Tuesday, hours after President Donald Trump, in a U.N. address, escalated his standoff with Pyongyang.  We are dealing with the North Korea situation through the international process and we will continue to do so. Secretary Tillerson is leading the effort and we will hopefully get this resolved through diplomatic means,  Mattis said before the start of a meeting with Romania s defense minister. ",1
19643,At least 4 dead after powerful Mexico quake: officials,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - At least four people were killed by a powerful earthquake that hit Mexico on Tuesday, local officials said.    Two people were killed in the central state of Puebla after a school collapsed said Fernando Clemente, a civil protection official in the state.  Two more people died in the State of Mexico, governor Alfredo Del Mazo told local TV, and Mexico City Mayor Miguel Angel Mancera said there were no reports of deaths yet in the capital but that some people were trapped in burning buildings.          ",1
19644,UK foreign minister Johnson says he will not resign: Sky,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain s foreign minister Boris Johnson said he was not going to resign, when questioned on Tuesday following reports that he could quit before the weekend if his Brexit demands were not met by Prime Minister Theresa May. May is due to make a speech on Brexit on Friday and the Daily Telegraph newspaper reported that close friends of Johnson believe he will have no choice but to walk away if she advocates permanently paying for access to the EU s single market. Speaking in New York, Johnson was asked by reporters if he planned to resign in footage aired by Sky News.  No ... of course not, we re going to deliver a fantastic Brexit,  he said.  We re working together, and the key thing is to make sure Britain can take advantage of the opportunities that Brexit provides.  May later backed Johnson in an interview with Sky News.  Boris is doing good work as Foreign Secretary,  she said, according to a Tweet by Sky News reporter Beth Rigby.  May also said she was confident of getting her whole senior team of ministers to back her Brexit strategy, which she is due to lay out at a specially convened cabinet meeting on Thursday before making her Brexit speech in Florence on Friday. ",1
19645,French Socialist party puts its historic building for sale,"PARIS (Reuters) - The French Socialist Party plans to put its headquarters in Paris up for sale, the party said on Tuesday, as it tries to reinvent itself after a poor performance in elections earlier this year.  The disappointing performance in the presidential and parliamentary elections split the party, and it will struggle financially. The sale of the Paris mansion, acquired in 1980, will be used in part to cover the shortfall.  This new era that is ahead of us can also open up at a new place,  Jean-Francois Debat, the treasurer of the party told journalists. The number of Socialist seats in the 577-seat assembly plummeted from 280 in 2012 to just 29, the lowest in the post-war Fifth Republic. Parliament s lower house is now dominated by President Emmanuel Macron s centrist Republic on the Move party, which blew apart the traditional two-party system. The crisis facing the Socialists has its roots in a mid-term shift of former president Francois Hollande from being the self-proclaimed  enemy  of bankers and defender of workers to advocate of business-friendly reform. The move split the party, exposing a deep-seated rift between moderates and hard-left lawmakers. ",1
19646,Turkish newspaper staff remanded in custody over coup attempt links: CNN Turk,"ANKARA (Reuters) - A Turkish court has remanded in custody for another two months 21 of the 30 journalists and newspaper executives from Turkish newspaper Zaman which was shut down after last year s failed coup, broadcaster CNN Turk said on Tuesday. The former employees of the Zaman newspaper are charged with  membership of an armed terror organization  and  attempting to overthrow  the government, parliament and the constitutional order through their links to cleric Fethullah Gulen. Zaman was affiliated with Gulen, the U.S.-based cleric and former ally of President Tayyip Erdogan. Gulen is blamed by Ankara for instigating the failed July 2016 coup, but denies any involvement. Zaman was first seized by the Turkish government in March 2016 before the coup attempt, and then closed down by a government decree. The indictment calls for three consecutive life sentences for the Zaman staff on charges of attempting to overthrow the constitutional order, the Turkish parliament and the Turkish government, and says the newspaper exceeded the limits of press freedom and freedom of expression. The 21 people remanded in custody had already been jailed for over a year pending trial. CNN Turk said the trial was postponed to Nov. 13. ",1
19647,Turkey's Erdogan says Kurdish independence vote risks regional crisis,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey on Tuesday said a  Kurdish independence referendum in northern Iraq could lead to fresh conflicts in the Middle East.  New crises in the region, such as bids for independence, could spark new conflicts and must therefore be avoided at all costs ... We urge Iraq s Kurdish Regional Government to abort the steps they have taken in that direction,  Erdogan told the United Nations General Assembly.  ",1
19648,Sudan's Bashir visits Darfur ahead of U.S. sanctions decision,"KHARTOUM (Reuters) - Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir visited the war-torn Darfur region on Tuesday in an effort to show his country is ready to have 20-year-old sanctions lifted by the United States just weeks before Washington is expected to issue a decision. In July the Trump administration postponed for three months the decision to permanently lift sanctions, setting Oct. 12 as a deadline for Sudan to meet conditions, including resolving conflicts and stepping up its humanitarian efforts.   Conflict in Darfur began in 2003 when mainly non-Arab tribes took up arms against Sudan s Arab-led government. A joint African Union-U.N. peacekeeping operation, known as UNAMID, has been on the ground for the past decade. Fighting between the army and rebels in the southern Kordofan and Blue Nile regions also broke out again in 2011, when South Sudan declared independence. Sudan had announced short-term truces in these regions in June and October 2016, after which fighting eased in Blue Nile and Kordofan but carried on in Darfur. Bashir has extended a ceasefire in response to the U.S. moves.  After security and stability, comes development,  Bashir said in a speech. He said Darfur s security has begun recovering and insisted that arms will only be in the hands of state forces.  Just before leaving office, former U.S. President Barack Obama temporarily eased penalties against Sudan, suspending a trade embargo, unfreezing assets and removing sanctions.  His decision was delayed for six months to allow Sudan time to meet the conditions which also included cooperating with the U.S. to fight terrorism and improving its rights record. Gabriel Belal, the spokesman of the Justice and Equality movement, one of the main rebel groups in Darfur, criticized Bashir s two-day visit, saying it aimed to give a wrong image to the international community that the war was over.   Bashir s visit is not welcomed by the people of Darfur because he personally issued direct orders for ethnic cleansing,  Belal said.   Security, humanitarian and political conditions are tense in Darfur and there s no prospect for a political resolution.      ",1
19649,"'Fix it or nix it,"" Netanyahu says of Iran nuclear deal","UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The Iran nuclear deal should be changed to eliminate provisions removing restrictions on Tehran s atomic program over time or it should be canceled, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said on Tuesday.  Change it, or cancel it. Fix it, or nix it,  Netanyahu said in a speech at the U.N. General Assembly annual gathering of world leaders. He also said Israel  will act to prevent Iran from establishing permanent military bases in Syria for its air, sea and ground forces.  ",1
19650,Democratic Senate leader calls Trump's 'Rocket Man' remark at U.N. 'risky',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer said on Tuesday that President Donald Trump s characterization of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un as  Rocket Man  during a speech to the United Nations was  risky.   If I were giving the president advice, I would have said avoid using  Rocket Man,  Schumer said during a press conference at the U.S. Capitol.  We know the leader of North Korea is erratic, to put it kindly. That kind of language I think is risky.  ",1
19651,"Russia to pay damages for Beslan school siege after European court ruling, Ifax reports","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia will abide by a European Court of Human Rights ruling requiring it to pay nearly 3 million euros ($3.6 million) in damages for the 2004 Beslan school siege, Interfax news agency reported on Tuesday, citing the Russian justice ministry.  Russia used excessive force to storm a school in the small southern Russian town seized by Islamist militants in 2004, causing a high number of hostages to be killed, the court ruled in April. The three-day drama began when Islamist militants took more than 1,000 people hostages on the first day of the school year and called for independence for the majority-Muslim region of Chechnya. More than 330 hostages lost their lives, including at least 180 children, when the siege ended in a gun battle. It was the bloodiest incident of its kind in modern Russian history.     The case for damages was brought by 409 Russian nationals who either were taken hostage or injured in the incident, or were family members of those taken hostage, killed or injured, the European Court of Human Rights statement said in April. On Tuesday, the court said in a press release that its Grand Chamber Panel had rejected a Russian government request to refer the case and said its ruling was final.   No other actions are being contemplated by the participants in this process,  the Russian justice ministry said in comments carried by Interfax news agency.  In its April ruling, the court said the heavy-handed way Russian forces stormed the school had  contributed to the casualties among the hostages . It also ruled that authorities had failed to take reasonable preventive measures, despite knowing militants were planning to attack an educational institution. ",1
19652,Togolese to vote on presidential term limits after parliament impasse,"LOME (Reuters) - A bill to limit presidents in Togo to two terms of office will be decided by referendum after it failed on Tuesday to win approval from parliament due to a boycott by opposition lawmakers. The boycott was called because the measure appears to exempt incumbent Faure Gnassingbe, who is already in his third term. Gnassingbe s family has ruled the small West African country for 50 years and frustration over the slow pace of reform there has spilled onto the streets several times since August, involving thousands and prompting U.N. calls for action.  Under the terms of the bill, he would be eligible for two further five-year terms that could leave him in power until 2030.  They voted for a referendum but we don t care. We ll set the streets against their referendum,  said Pedro Amuzun, an official at the main ANC opposition party, which announced more protests on Wednesday and Thursday in the capital Lome. All but one of the 63 lawmakers present in parliament backed the bill, but the boycott meant the vote fell short of the four-fifths majority needed to change the constitution. The referendum was announced by parliament head Drama Dramani, who told lawmakers it would take place in coming days. So far the protests have mostly been peaceful, although two people were killed by security forces in August, while hundreds died in demonstrations that followed the election in 2005 that brought the current president to power after the death of his father. Gnassingbe s opponents have been seeking term limits and other constitutional reforms since then, to align the former French colony wedged between Ghana and Benin with most of its West African neighbors.  With former veteran leaders such as Gambia s Yahya Jammeh and Burkina Faso s Blaise Compaore now living in exile, analysts say Gnassingbe may be getting isolated. However, nearby states have so far stopped short of publicly criticizing Gnassingbe, who currently chairs the 15-member regional West African bloc ECOWAS. Lome has pretensions toward becoming a miniature Singapore and hosts offices of several multinational companies including Ecobank and airline ASKY. ",1
19653,U.S. urges Myanmar to address rights abuse allegations,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Tuesday urged Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi to facilitate humanitarian aid for people affected by the violence in Rakhine State and to address  deeply troubling  human rights abuse allegations, the State Department said. In a call with Suu Kyi, Tillerson welcomed Myanmar s commitment to allow the return of refugees who have fled the violence that has roiled the country in recent weeks, the State Department said. ",1
19654,Factbox: What Trump has said about the United Nations,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump delivered his first speech before the United Nations on Tuesday, touting U.S. sovereignty and threatening to  totally destroy  North Korea. Trump has been critical of the United Nations and complained about the cost to the United States of helping to fund the 193-nation body. Below are some comments he has made about it over the years. Remarks at luncheon hosted by U.N. Secretary General September 19, 2017  For years I ve been a critic, but I ve also been somebody that said that the United Nations has tremendous potential.  Remarks at U.N. General Assembly September 19, 2017  Too often the focus of this organization has not been on results, but on bureaucracy and process.   The United States is one out of 193 countries in the United Nations, and yet we pay 22 percent of the entire budget and more. In fact, we pay far more than anybody realizes.     Remarks at lunch with U.N. Security Council Ambassadors April 24, 2017  I also want to say to you that I have long felt the United Nations is an underperformer but has tremendous potential.  There are those people that think it s an underperformer and will never perform.  Twitter Dec. 26, 2016  The United Nations has such great potential but right now it is just a club for people to get together, talk and have a good time. So sad!  American Israel Public Affairs Committee speech March 21, 2016  Which brings me to my next point, the utter weakness and incompetence of the United Nations. The United Nations is not a friend of democracy, it s not a friend to freedom, it s not a friend even to the United States of America where, as you know, it has its home. And it surely is not a friend to Israel.  Twitter Oct. 3, 2012  The cheap 12 inch sq. marble tiles behind speaker at UN always bothered me. I will replace with beautiful large marble slabs if they ask me.  Twitter Sept. 8, 2011  Why is the UN planning to attack @Israel s sovereignty and ignore Iran s nuclear program? The US should look at future funding.  Senate committee hearing on renovation of U.N. headquarters July 21, 2005  I am a big fan, a very big fan of the United Nations and all it stands for. I cannot speak as to what has been happening over the last number of years because it certainly has not been good, but the concept of the United Nations ... is very important to me and very important to the world as far as I am concerned.  ",1
19655,"France's Macron seeks to play mediation role between Iran, U.S.","UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron said on Tuesday he wanted to play a mediation role between Iran and the United States to ensure that Tehran was involved in finding a political solution in Syria.  If we don t resolve the Syrian problem with Iran around the table, then we will not have an efficient response because Iran today is among the powers that have an influence on the ground,  Macron told a news conference.  Paris is trying to set up an international contact group on Syria to revive stalled peace talks in Geneva, but the United States has adopted a staunchly anti-Iran stance since President Donald Trump took power, complicating peace talks between major powers.   Noting the U.S. refusal today, I want that the contact group advances and that the United Nations and France can serve as intermediaries with Iran,  Macron said.     ",1
19656,Israel shoots down Iranian-made drone over Syrian frontier: military,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel shot down a pilotless plane over the Golan Heights on Tuesday and said it was probably an Iranian-built aircraft on a  reconnaissance mission for the Lebanese Hezbollah militant group along Israel s frontier with Syria. The incident came hours before Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu was due to address the U.N. General Assembly and cite Israeli concerns about an entrenchment in Syria of Iranian and Hezbollah forces that have been helping Damascus beat back Islamist-led rebels. The drone was launched from an air base near Damascus and was downed with a Patriot interceptor missile over the Golan demilitarized zone that has separated Israeli and Syrian forces since the ceasefire deal that followed their 1973 war, the military said.   As we understand, it was on a reconnaissance mission along the border and the Golan Heights on behalf of Hezbollah,  a military spokesman, Lieutenant-Colonel Jonathan Conricus, told reporters.  Our intelligence suggests it was ... Iranian-made.  Asked whether the drone might have been armed, Conricus said that information was not yet available. He said Israeli warplanes had also been scrambled. Officials from Syria, Hezbollah and Iran had no immediate comment on the incident. The Golan, which Israel captured from Syria in the 1967 conflict, has seen spillover violence from the Syrian civil war. Israel has at times fired to foil what it deemed deliberate cross-border attacks.  Our message is: The IDF (Israel Defence Forces) will not allow any violation of Israeli sovereignty and we will not allow Iranian forces, Hezbollah, Islamic Jihad or Shi ite militias of any kind to approach the Israeli borders,  Conricus said. (This story has been corrected at paragraph 3 to show demilitarised zone established after 1973 war.) ",1
19657,"Britain, Saudi Arabia sign military cooperation deal: state media","RIYADH (Reuters) - Britain and Saudi Arabia signed a framework deal on military and security cooperation, Saudi state news agency SPA said on Tuesday, redoubling efforts to counter Iran in the Gulf region and defeat Islamic State. Prime Minister Theresa May said in December that Britain would invest over 3 billion pounds ($4.05 billion) in defense in Gulf Arab states over the next decade as it seeks to build on traditionally strong ties with the conservative, oil-wealthy monarchies before its planned departure from the European Union. British Defence Secretary Michael Fallon discussed military cooperation with Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, who serves as the kingdom s defense minister and deputy prime minister, the SPA report said without providing details of the agreement. Gulf Arab states say Iran is trying to expand its influence in Arab countries, including Syria, Iraq and Yemen. Since March 2015, Saudi Arabia and Arab allies have been waging war against Iran-aligned Houthi forces that seized control of much of Yemen. Britain s close relationship with Gulf states has drawn concern from human rights groups, including criticism of Saudi air strikes in Yemen s war that have killed hundreds of civilians. British military personnel have been working with the Saudi forces. ",1
19658,"U.N. chief says statesmanship needed on North Korea, takes digs at Trump","UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - United Nations Secretary-General Antonio Guterres appealed on Tuesday for statesmanship to avoid war with North Korea and criticized world leaders who stoke resentment over refugees for political gain, two digs at U.S. President Donald Trump. In his first address to the annual 193-member U.N. General Assembly since taking office in January, Guterres said the crisis over North Korea s nuclear and ballistic missile program must be solved through a political process.   This is the time for statesmanship,  said the former prime minister of Portugal.  We must not sleepwalk our way into war.   Trump has warned North Korea that military action was an option for the United States as Pyongyang has carried out a series of tests toward developing the ability to target the United States with a nuclear-tipped missile. The U.N. Security Council has unanimously imposed nine  rounds of sanctions on North Korea since 2006 and Guterres appealed for the 15-member body to maintain its unity on North Korea. Guterres, a former head of the U.N. refugee agency, also spoke of being  pained to see the way refugees and migrants have been stereotyped and scapegoated - and to see political figures stoke resentment in search of electoral gain.  Shortly after taking office in January, Trump moved to put a 120-day halt on the U.S. refugee program, bar Syrian refugees indefinitely and impose a 90-day suspension on people from six predominantly Muslim countries. He says the move is needed to prevent terrorist attacks.   I myself am a migrant, as many of you are. But no-one expected me to risk my life on a leaky boat or cross a desert in the back of a truck to find employment outside my country of birth,  he said.  Safe migration cannot be limited to the global elite.   Guterres also warned of the dangers of climate change and urged world leaders to implement the 2015 Paris climate agreement to reduce emissions  with ever greater ambition.   Trump, who campaigned in the 2016 presidential election on an  America First  platform, has said the United States would withdraw from the accord. Trump said it would harm U.S. industries, cost U.S. jobs, weaken American national sovereignty and put the country at a permanent disadvantage to other nations.  It is high time to get off the path of suicidal emissions. We know enough today to act. The science is unassailable,  Guterres said. On counterterrorism, Guterres said he plans to convene next year the first gathering of heads of counterterrorism agencies of U.N. member states to forge a new international counterterrorism partnership. ",1
19659,Brazil's new top prosecutor reshuffles 'Car Wash' investigation team,"BRASILIA/SAO PAULO (Reuters) - Brazil s new top federal prosecutor on Tuesday reshuffled the team of investigators in charge of pursuing the biggest corruption probe yet conducted in Latin America s largest nation. Prosecutor General Raquel Dodge, who took over the post on Monday after the end of her predecessor Rodrigo Janot s term, had previously invited all the members of Janot s team of prosecutors working on the  Car Wash  corruption probe to stay.  However, few expressed interest in continuing, and Dodge, 56, who holds a master s degree from Harvard and has spent three decades working as a federal prosecutor, decided to replace the entire team with her own choices. Just a few of the previous prosecutors will stay on for a month to help with the transition.  The  Car Wash  investigation, which began in early 2014, has led to an unprecedented fight against entrenched political corruption in Brazil.  It has uncovered billions of dollars in bribes paid by major construction firms to politicians and executives at state-run enterprises such Petroleo Brasileiro in return for lucrative contracts. It is one of several major investigations taking place in Brazil, probes that have led to the conviction of former President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva, and charges being leveled against President Michel Temer, his predecessor Dilma Rousseff, and two more former presidents.  Charges have been lodged or investigations opened against dozens of federal lawmakers, while over 100 powerful businessmen and politicians have been convicted.  While there was a clear personal rift between Janot and Dodge, whose appointment by Temer was ratified by the Senate in August, that does not necessarily mean federal prosecutors will be any less aggressive in pursuing corruption.  Obviously there will be a change in style, but there will be no change in the course of investigations,  said Carlos Pereira, a professor of public policy at the Getulio Vargas Foundation and one of Brazil s top experts on corruption.  But the team chosen by (Dodge) is extremely professional and has already shown skills in fighting corruption.   Among the prosecutors who will be part of Dodge s Car Wash investigation team are veterans from Brazil s first major probe into political corruption, the 2005  Mensalao  scandal.  It ended with top members of Lula s government being found guilty of paying off lawmakers in return for their support of Lula s legislation. ",1
19660,Turkish warplanes kill three Kurdish militants in northern Iraq: army,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkish warplanes struck Kurdish militant targets in northern Iraq on Tuesday, killing three militants, the military said, as part of a widening campaign against the outlawed Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK). In a statement, the military said the air strikes targeted the Zap region, the Turkish name for a river which flows across the Turkish-Iraqi border and is known as Zab in Iraq. The air strike was the second on Tuesday and the third in the past two days since Turkish soldiers started a military drill along the Iraqi border. The army was training tank guns and rocket launchers across the southern border on Tuesday, less than a week before a Kurdish independence referendum in northern Iraq. The show of force ahead of the vote reflects the scale of concern in Turkey, which has the largest Kurdish population in the region, that the plebiscite could embolden the outlawed Kurdish PKK which has waged a three-decade insurgency in Turkey s southeast since 1984. The Turkish air force has frequently struck against PKK units in the mountains of northern Iraq. The group is designated a terrorist organization by Turkey, the United States and European Union.  ",1
19661,Helicopter mistakenly fires on parked vehicles in Russia war games: media,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - A military helicopter on a rural training exercise in western Russia mistakenly fired rockets at a group of parked vehicles,  knocking at least one person to the ground, footage posted by Russian news sites and on social media showed. A video clip published on Tuesday by the independent news site Fontanka.ru showed a helicopter firing a salvo of rockets at a military truck covered in camouflage netting in open countryside, with three vehicles with no military markings visible, parked a few meters away. A man in civilian clothes who had been standing close to the truck was engulfed in a cloud of dust. The person filming the clip, who was slightly further away, could be seen sprawled on the ground.  Russia is currently staging the  Zapad 2017  war games in the area, major exercises on NATO s eastern flank that were inspected on Monday by Russian President Vladimir Putin.  Fontanka.ru said the incident occurred on Sept. 18 and left one person with concussion. It did not give details on the source of the video. A second video from the same location, which was posted on social media by Russian investigative bloggers Conflict Intelligence Team, showed the aftermath, including a smashed window in a white jeep nearest to the truck, and shrapnel damage to the military truck. Reuters could not independently verify the videos. The Russian Defence Ministry s western military district, in a statement cited by Interfax news agency, said that during a training exercise a helicopter s targeting system had mistakenly acquired a target, but denied anyone had been injured.  The representative cited by Interfax did not say when the incident happened, or where, or if the exercise was part of the  Zapad-2017  war games.   As a result of a strike by an unguided rocket, a cargo vehicle with no people on board was damaged,  Interfax quoted a representative of the military district as saying. The Western military district includes north-western Russia and the Russian exclave of Kaliningrad, all areas where the  Zapad-2017  exercises are focused.  Russia s defense ministry in Moscow did not immediately respond to a Reuters request for comment. Asked by reporters about the incident, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov referred questions to the defense ministry.               (The online version of the story has been corrected to fix a typo in the second paragraph.) ",1
19662,Theft at burned London tower adds to police's grueling work,"LONDON (Reuters) - Already facing the grim task of sifting through debris to find human remains at Grenfell Tower, the London social housing block where a fire killed about 80 people, police are now also having to investigate suspected thefts from survivors  apartments. Home to a poor, multi-ethnic community within one of London s richest boroughs, Grenfell Tower was gutted by the blaze which rapidly engulfed the whole building in the middle of the night on June 14. The tragedy has prompted a national debate about social inequalities, neglect of deprived communities and whether fire safety regulations were inadequate or were being ignored. Police are conducting a criminal investigation into the fire that could lead to manslaughter charges, although any prosecutions could be months away due to the scale and complexity of the probe, police chiefs said on Tuesday.  The scale of it is something that I personally have never encountered in policing,  said Commander Stuart Cundy, who has overall control of the Grenfell operations. Efforts to recover all human remains from the tower are still going on, with officers conducting fingertip searches in devastated apartments and sifting through tonnes of debris with sieves to find fragments of teeth, bones or tissue.  It is a really harrowing scene,  said Detective Superintendent Fiona McCormack, who is leading search and recovery operations. Sixty victims have been formally identified, and Cundy said the final death toll would likely be a little below 80. The building is unstable and each room has to be individually secured with steel bars to make it safe for investigators. As there are no functioning lifts, workers have to carry equipment and materials all the way up the tower. The disaster has prompted an outpouring of emotion, with donations of money and clothes pouring in from around Britain, but there have also been a small number of incidents of people trying to profit from the tragedy. McCormack said police were investigating one confirmed theft of  a considerable amount  of money from one of the less damaged apartments at the bottom of the tower, and three other suspected thefts of residents  possessions were also being probed. These came to light when former residents were let into their flats to pick up treasured items and to say goodbye to their homes. Stuart said officers had been shocked.  All of us here, working down on Grenfell Tower or working on it anywhere, are just so disappointed that something like that can happen on the back of such a huge tragedy,  he said. Extra alarms, cameras and lights have now been installed and procedures to access the site have been strengthened. Police are also investigating eight cases of suspected fraud by people who pretended to have been affected by the fire in various ways in order to claim money that the government made available for survivors and bereaved relatives. Two people have been charged with fraud, one is on police bail and five others are under investigation. The criminal probe into the fire itself involves hundreds of officers and is focusing on four strands: the construction of Grenfell Tower, its refurbishment, its management and the emergency response to the fire.  I will seek to identify and deal with whatever offences come to light during that investigation,  said Detective Chief Inspector Matt Bonner, who is in charge of the criminal investigation. He said offences that the police may uncover could include fraud, misconduct, breaches of health and safety or fire regulations, and manslaughter. Charges could be brought against individuals or organizations. However, Bonner said this should not be taken as an indication that police had already found evidence to support any such charges.  Grenfell Tower, which was completed in 1974, was owned by the borough of Kensington and Chelsea and managed by an organization that ran social housing on the borough s behalf. Bonner said police had so far identified 336 companies or organizations that were involved in the construction, refurbishment and management of the tower and officers had obtained 31 million documents from them. ",1
19663,Jihadists launch big attack on Syrian government near Hama,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Jihadists launched an offensive against government-held parts of northwestern Syria near Hama on Tuesday in their biggest attack there since March, triggering heavy air strikes on rebel territory, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said. It said air strikes hit three hospitals, a medical center and premises used by a rescue service in rebel-held Idlib. A Syrian military source denied the report, saying only insurgent convoys and positions had been hit. The insurgent attack north of Hama revived hostilities in the northwestern region near the Turkish border that has been relatively calm in recent months as Russian-led diplomacy seeks to shore up ceasefires in western Syria. Islamist militants who hold sway in Idlib reject the diplomacy, including a tripartite deal struck last week by Moscow, Tehran and Ankara to deploy an observer force on the edge of an Idlib  de-escalation zone . A Syrian army source cited by state media said the attack launched on several fronts was being repelled, and the insurgents had suffered losses.  The clashes are continuing and the air force and artillery are targeting the headquarters and movements of the terrorist convoys in the area,  said the source. An insurgent source told Reuters that rebels were making advances in the northern Hama countryside, in an area where President Bashar al-Assad and his allies have been steadily rolling back rebel gains over the last two years. The Observatory said insurgents taking part in the assault included Tahrir al-Sham, the jihadist Turkistan Islamic Party, and rebels fighting under the banner of the Free Syrian Army. They had captured four villages, it said. The ex-Nusra Front, which cut ties with al Qaeda and rebranded last year, spearheads the Tahrir al-Sham alliance of Islamist groups.  A media outlet run by the Damascus-allied Lebanese group Hezbollah said Syrian army air strikes were targeting insurgents in the northern Hama and southern Idlib area. Insurgents advanced to within a few km (miles) of government-held Hama city earlier this year, before the Syrian army and its allies retook the territory in April. Ceasefire deals in western Syria - for years the main theater of the war - have helped the Syrian army and its allies advance against Islamic State in the east, where government forces are battling IS in Deir al-Zor. A U.S.-backed militia force, the Syrian Democratic Forces, is waging a separate offensive against Islamic State in Deir al-Zor province, focusing on areas on the eastern bank of the Euphrates River. The rival forces have generally stayed out of each other s way, with the river often acting as a dividing line. Syrian government forces and their allies have however crossed into the SDF s area of operations on the eastern bank of in recent days. The Hezbollah-run media unit said on Tuesday that government forces and their allies captured a village and parts of the nearby town of Khasham on the eastern bank. Russian Defence Ministry spokesman Igor Konashenkov said Syrian soldiers, with Russian air power,  continued to expand the captured area  in recent days.   Despite the persistent resistance of ISIS (Islamic State) fighters, Syrian troops managed to free more than 60 square kilometers of terrorists on the left bank of the Euphrates,  he said.  ",1
19664,Britain says suspends training of Myanmar military following violence,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain has suspended its training program for military in Myanmar due to the violence in Rakhine state, a British government spokesman said on Tuesday. Human rights monitors and fleeing Rohingya say the army and Rakhine Buddhist vigilantes have mounted a campaign of arson aimed at driving out the Muslim population.  In light of the ongoing violence in Burma s Rakhine State, the growing humanitarian crisis it has caused, and our deep concern about the human rights abuses that are taking place, we have decided to suspend the educational courses provided to the Burmese military until there is an acceptable resolution to the current situation,  the spokesman said in a statement.  We call on the Burmese Armed Forces to take immediate steps to stop the violence in Rakhine and ensure the protection of all civilians, to allow full access for humanitarian aid.  ",1
19665,"Nigerian president likens Myanmar crisis to Bosnia, Rwanda genocides","UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari on Tuesday likened the violence in Myanmar against Rohingya Muslims to genocides in Bosnia and Rwanda, urging a halt to the  ongoing ethnic cleansing  and safe return of refugees.   The Myanmar crisis is very reminiscent of what happened in Bosnia in 1995 and in Rwanda in 1994,  Buhari told the annual gathering of world leaders at the United Nations.   He added that the  horrendous suffering  had been caused by  state-backed program of brutal depopulation of the Rohingya inhabited areas in Myanmar on the bases of ethnicity and religion.  ",1
19666,UK's May says foreign minister Johnson 'doing good work',"LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May backed her foreign minister Boris Johnson on Tuesday after reports he could quit over her Brexit strategy, Sky News reported. Sky news reporter Beth Rigby said on Twitter that, when asked whether Johnson should be sacked, May said:  Boris is doing good work as Foreign Secretary.  May also said she was confident of getting her whole senior team of ministers to back her Brexit strategy, which she is due to lay out at a specially convened cabinet meeting on Thursday before making a speech in Florence on Friday.  ",1
19667,Russia unveils monument to designer of iconic AK-47 rifle,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia on Tuesday unveiled a statue of Mikhail Kalashnikov,  inventor of the AK-47 assault rifle that became by some estimates the most lethal weapon ever made and the best known Russian brand abroad. Perched atop a pedestal in a tiny square on Moscow s busy Garden Ring thoroughfare, the statue of Kalashnikov, who died in 2013, has him dressed in a bomber jacket and clutching an AK-47 in both hands.  I created a weapon for the defense of my fatherland,  runs a Kalashnikov quote hewn on the pedestal. At the unveiling ceremony, a Kremlin guard of honor stood to attention as Russia s national anthem played.   This weapon is Russia s defense. It s one of Russia s symbols. Alas, for life to continue, for lovely children to grow up, for beautiful women in Russia, there must be a weapon,  the monument s sculptor, Salavat Shcherbakov, told reporters.     The AK-47, the small-arms mainstay of Russia s armed forces for over 60 years, is also featured on the national emblems of several African nations and on that of East Timor. Every fifth firearm in the world is a Kalashnikov and more than 70 million of the assault rifles have been produced over the past 60 years, the Kalashnikov concern said on its website.  Kalashnikovs are in service in 50 foreign armies, it said. Military experts say the AK-47 has killed more people than all other types of modern weapons taken together. Kalashnikov, who died aged 94, had repeatedly said that pride in his invention was mixed with the pain of seeing it used by criminals and child soldiers. As well as being embraced by armies, anti-Western revolutionary movements and leftist leaders worldwide, the relatively cheap and sturdy rifle has been used by gangsters, drug traffickers, militants and rebels of all stripes. The offspring of a large peasant family, Mikhail Kalashnikov started working on a new automatic firearm for the Soviet Red Army after he was wounded during World War Two.  He won a state competition to select a new weapon, beating the Soviet Union s best designers of weapons, and it brought him the Stalin Prize. His first assault rifle was produced in 1947 and there have been numerous modifications since then. The Kalashnikov rifle is  a true cultural brand of Russia , Russian Culture Minister Vladimir Medinsky said at the ceremony. The unveiling of the monument was timed to coincide with Armsmakers  Day marked in Russia on Tuesday. Underscoring the importance of the military-industrial complex for Russia s economy, President Vladimir Putin sent best wishes to the workers of the sector. ",1
19668,Britain's M1 motorway partially closed after suspicious object discovered,"LONDON (Reuters) - Part of Britain s M1 motorway was closed on Tuesday after what police described as a suspicious object which appeared to be  some form of chemical  was found under a bridge. The object was discovered at around 0630 GMT and prompted police to close the motorway in both directions between Milton Keynes and Northampton in central England. Thames Valley Police said bomb disposal experts had examined the object and found it had no explosive element.  However chemical analysis is ongoing on the object to ascertain what the object might be but it appears to be some form of chemical,  police said. Photographs on social media showed long queues on the motorway, one of Britain s main road arteries between London and the north.  Police said they were working to divert motorists away from the scene and to move those who had been stuck on the carriageway. They appealed to drivers to avoid the area. ",1
19669,Turkey not in direct talks for return of intelligence officers from Iraq: minister,"ANKARA (Reuters) - A Turkish minister appeared to confirm for the first time that two Turkish intelligence officers have been captured in northern Iraq, saying the government was not in direct talks with the Kurdish militant PKK group to bring them back. Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu was asked in an interview with Al-Monitor whether the head of Turkish intelligence Hakan Fidan would travel to Erbil for talks about two senior Turkish intelligence officers. Al-Monitor said the officers had been taken to a PKK base in the Qandil mountains of northern Iraq.  Of course our institutions have been working to bring back all our citizens that the PKK kidnapped, but our country doesn t - we didn t have any direct contact with the PKK to bring those two persons mentioned back.  It was the first official Turkish comment on the issue, following media reports in August that militants in northern Iraq had captured two high-level intelligence officials. A Foreign Ministry spokesman was not immediately available to comment. Cemil Bayik, one of the leaders of the outlawed Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK), was quoted in regional media saying the two officers had been sent to Iraq to assassinate him.  The outlawed PKK has been waging an insurgency in Turkey s southeast, bordering Iraq and Syria, for more than 30 years. ",1
19670,Cuba delays municipal elections due to Irma devastation,"HAVANA (Reuters) - Cuba is postponing municipal elections by a month to Nov. 26 because of the devastation wrought on the Caribbean island by Hurricane Irma, its Council of State said in an electoral notice published in the ruling Granma Party newspaper on Tuesday. The elections were coming at an already difficult time for Cuba as an economic reform program appears stalled, aid from key ally Venezuela shrinks, and the Trump administration threatens. Then Irma swept across the island from east to west, tearing off roofs, damaging the power grid and crops, ripping up trees and bringing a violent storm surge to many coastal towns. The Council of State said  it was delaying the municipal vote, originally slated for Oct. 22, so Cubans could focus their efforts on the recovery. It was not clear if this would result in the delay of provincial and national elections, which are set to culminate in the transfer of power next year from Raul Castro to a new president. Castro, younger brother and successor to Fidel Castro, who died in November, will nonetheless retain a grip on power as head of the Communist Party, the only legal party in Cuba. ",1
19671,Kenyan police fire teargas at Supreme Court protesters,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenyan police fired teargas on Tuesday at supporters of President Uhuru Kenyatta who were protesting outside the Supreme Court against the invalidation of his Aug. 8 re-election, Reuters witnesses said. The Supreme Court nullified the presidential election on Sept. 1 and ordered the electoral body to hold a repeat vote within 60 days. The court, which issued a majority judgment, said there were irregularities in tallying results of the poll. David Maraga, the chief justice and president of the Supreme Court, said threats against judicial staff had risen since the ruling.  Since the Supreme Court delivered judgment ... these threats have become more aggressive,  Maraga told a news conference at the Supreme Court, as hundreds of protesters wearing the bright red of Kenyatta s Jubilee party gathered outside. He cited the demonstrations outside the court as an example of the rising threats, and threatening messages sent on social media to individual judges and their staff.  Senior political leaders have also threatened the judiciary, promising  to cut it down to size  and  teach us a lesson ,  Maraga said, adding that judges would not be intimidated by anyone and were ready to pay the  ultimate price  to protect the constitution and rule of law. Maraga accused the inspector general of police of  repeatedly ignoring calls to act, exposing judicial officers, property and litigants to danger . George Kinoti, the national police spokesman, denied the accusations, saying the police had provided bodyguards to judges and protection for their homes and the courts. The truth is borne out of facts and they are plain for any citizen to check and confirm,  Kinoti said in a statement.  The protesters waved placards and shouted slogans against the judiciary and Maraga himself.  I have attended this protest to air my grievances after the Supreme Court annulled my candidate s victory,  one of the protesters told Reuters.  There was a commotion after the teargas was fired, before the protesters regrouped and continued with their protest outside the court building. They were eventually dispersed by further rounds of teargas. The Supreme Court, which gave a summary of its findings when it invalidated Kenyatta s election victory, said it would read its detailed ruling on Wednesday at 0700 GMT. Opposition leader Raila Odinga, who lost by 1.4 million votes to Kenyatta in the annulled poll, has said he will not take part in a repeat vote scheduled for Oct. 17, unless some staff at the electoral commission are fired, among other demands. The heads of Western diplomatic missions in Kenya, including those of the European Union, the United States and Britain, urged Kenyan leaders to avoid comments that could incite hatred and violence.  Now is the time to focus on preparing for the new poll, which, in line with the Court s order and the Constitution, must be run by the Independent Electoral and Boundaries Commission and be held by the end of October,  they said in a joint statement. ",1
19672,"Brazil's Temer at U.N. decries rise in nationalism, protectionism","UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Brazilian President Michel Temer criticized a rise in nationalism around the world and said in a speech to the United Nations General Assembly on Tuesday that protectionism was not the solution to economic difficulties faced by countries.    Temer also expressed concern about the deterioration of human rights in Venezuela, where the socialist government has been accused by opponents of becoming a dictatorship.  We are on the side of the Venezuelan people. In South America there is no more room for alternatives to democracy,  Temer said. Brazil, Latin America s largest economy, was emerging from its worst recession and the government was making progress in controlling its budget deficit and restoring credibility to  economic policies, Temer said in the speech. With food exports driving the recovery of the agribusiness powerhouse, Temer called for improved market access for farm goods and the elimination of agricultural subsidies that distort trade. International cooperation on climate change cannot wait, Temer said. Brazil has been criticized for not protecting the Amazon rainforest, an important area for global environmental balance, but Temer said data showed that deforestation fell 20 percent last year. On Monday, Temer, other Latin American leaders and U.S. President Donald Trump discussed oil-producing Venezuela s economic and political crisis and ways to encourage a return to democracy. Trump said in his speech to the annual U.N. gathering on Tuesday that the situation in Venezuela was unacceptable and the United States would step up pressure on the government of President Nicolas Maduro. Temer said Brazil and its partners of the South American Mercosul bloc would continue to support a democratic transition in Venezuela. Conservative Temer, who replaced leftist President Dilma Rousseff last year after a controversial impeachment, faces strong opposition himself amid corruption charges. His government s approval has plummeted according to a public opinion poll published on Tuesday. Polling firm MDA said that just 3.4 percent of those surveyed thought the Temer government was doing a  great or good  job - down from 10.3 percent in February. ",1
19673,Approval rating for Brazil's Temer plummets: poll,"SAO PAULO (Reuters) - Approval for Brazilian President Michel Temer s government has plummeted, according to a poll published on Tuesday, as the scandal-plagued leader faces new corruption charges and struggles to push his economic reform agenda through Congress.  Polling firm MDA said that 3.4 percent of those surveyed thought the Temer government was doing a  great or good  job - down from 10.3 percent in MDA s last such poll in February. Temer took over a year ago from impeached leftist Dilma Rousseff and has said he does not care about popularity and only wants to push through an austerity package before his term ends in Jan. 2019. Yet his ability to do so has been hamstrung by charges of taking bribes, racketeering and obstruction of justice. The charges against Temer are based on the plea-bargain testimony of the owners of the world s largest meatpacker, JBS SA. They accuse Temer of taking bribes in return for political favors and of conspiring to buy the silence of a witness who could implicate the leader.  Temer has repeatedly denied any wrongdoing. The MDA poll was commissioned by the national transport lobby CNT and surveyed 2,002 people across Brazil from Sept. 13-16. The poll has a margin of error of 2.2 percentage points. ",1
19674,Head of UK's anti-Brexit party appeals for help to stop EU exit,"LONDON (Reuters) - Calling himself a  proud saboteur  of the Brexit process, Britain s Liberal Democrat leader Vince Cable on Tuesday appealed to opponents in all parties to put aside differences and fight a divorce from the European Union. The fourth-largest party with 12 representatives in the 650-seat parliament, the Liberal Democrats are hoping to become the lightning rod for any rise in anti-Brexit sentiment as Prime Minister Theresa May s government edges closer to leaving the EU in March 2019.   Cable, an economist who was business minister in the 2010 to 2015 Conservative-Liberal Democrat coalition government, has redoubled his party s criticism of the decision to leave the EU since becoming party leader in July.  I want our party to lead the fight against Brexit,  Cable said in his address to the party s autumn conference. He called for a new referendum, describing Brexit as a looming disaster.  In the real world, we have yet to experience the full impact of leaving Europe. But we ve had a taste of what is to come in the fall of the value of the pound,  Cable said. Sterling fell by as much as 20 percent against the dollar in the months after the June 2016 EU referendum. It has recovered around half those losses, in part thanks to increasing expectations of an interest rate hike to ease inflation, but the pound is still 9 percent down on pre-Brexit levels.       Foreign exchange dealers are not point-scoring politicians, they make cool, hard, unsentimental judgments. Quite simply, that Brexit Britain will be poorer and weaker than if we had decided to stay in Europe,  Cable said. He also said the government was relying too heavily on its relationship with the United States to help it adjust to life after Brexit, criticizing U.S. President Donald Trump as  volatile, and dangerous and an apologist for religious and racial hatred.   Opposition to Brexit has been emboldened after May failed to win a clear mandate for her exit strategy at a snap election in June. She lost her majority in parliament but kept power thanks to a deal with a small Northern Irish party. Cable said Britons had a democratic right to a second referendum once the final terms of the Brexit deal become clear.  At the end of these tortuous divorce negotiations, the British public must be given a vote on the outcome,  he said.  But polls show little sign of a radical shift in public opinion against Brexit. Polling firm YouGov said a significant proportion of the 48 percent who voted against Brexit now thought the government had a duty to leave. Only 27 percent of Britons want to reverse the decision, they said. Cable, whose centrist party went from junior coalition partner to near extinction in the 2015 election, made only small gains in the June election having set out the party s stall as the most pro-EU party in British politics. Cable has previously said he expects dissatisfaction with Brexit to grow as the negotiations develop, and called for opponents from all parties to come together to oppose the divorce.  We have got to put aside tribal differences and work alongside like-minded people to keep the Single Market and Customs Union, so essential for trade and jobs,  he said. ",1
19675,Turkey warns of global conflict if Iraq or Syria break up,"SIRNAK, Turkey (Reuters) - Turkey escalated its opposition to a Kurdish independence referendum in northern Iraq on Tuesday, training tank guns and rocket launchers across the southern border and saying the break-up of its neighbors could lead to global conflict. Defense Minister Nurettin Canikli said in Ankara next Monday s vote posed a major risk and Turkey would take  every step  needed to thwart any similar steps in its mainly Kurdish southeast. Iraqi Kurdish authorities have defied growing international pressure to call off the vote, which Iraq s neighbors fear will fuel unrest among their own Kurdish populations. Western allies say it could detract from the fight against Islamic State.  A change that will mean the violation of Iraq s territorial integrity poses a major risk for Turkey,  Canikli said.  The disruption of Syria and Iraq s territorial integrity will ignite a bigger, global conflict with an unseen end.  Kurds in north Syria, like those in Iraq, have capitalized on the turmoil in both countries to consolidate a degree of autonomy. Washington has supported Syrian Kurdish fighters battling Islamic State, despite Turkish protests.  Turkish troops dug in on the southern border on Tuesday and turned their weapons toward Kurdish-run northern Iraq. Tanks and rocket launchers mounted on armored vehicles faced the Iraqi frontier, about 2 km (one mile) away. Mechanical diggers tore up agricultural fields for the army to set up positions in the flat, dry farmlands. The military drill, launched without warning on Monday, is due to last until Sept. 26, Turkish military sources said, a day after the planned referendum. A Reuters reporter saw armored vehicles carrying heavy weaponry and soldiers taking positions in specially dug areas, their weapons directed across the border. A generator and satellite dish could be seen at one location. The show of force reflects the scale of concern in Turkey, which has the largest Kurdish population in the region, that the vote could embolden the outlawed Kurdish PKK which has waged a three-decade insurgency in Turkey s southeast since 1984. The Turkish air force has frequently struck against PKK units operating from the mountains of northern Iraq and limited detachments of Turkish infantry have made forays across the frontier in the past. Turkey also sees itself as protector of Iraq s ethnic Turkmen minority, with particular concern about Kirkuk where Kurds have extended their control since seizing the oil city when Islamic State overwhelmed Iraqi forces in 2014. Police deployed overnight in Kirkuk to prevent any outbreak of ethnic violence, residents said. The standoff has hit the Turkish lira, which weakened beyond 3.5 to the dollar on Tuesday for the first time in four weeks.  The increasing tension before the referendum in northern Iraq continues to effect lira negatively,  Kapital FX Research Assistant Manager Enver Erkan said. Cross-border trade, however, appeared to continue. Despite the nearby military maneuvers a kilometer-long line of traffic, mostly trucks and cargo, queued to enter Iraq at the Habour border gate. Turkey s strong economic ties to the Kurdish Regional Government (KRG) will weigh on any response from Ankara. The KRG pumps hundreds of thousands of barrels of oil per day through Turkey and has approved plans for Russian oil major Rosneft to invest in pipelines to export gas to Turkey and Europe. The military exercises came as Turkey, the central government in Baghdad and their shared neighbor Iran all stepped up protests and warnings about the independence referendum in the semi-autonomous Kurdish northern Iraq. The United States and other Western countries have also voiced concerns and asked Iraqi Kurdish leader Massoud Barzani to call off the vote, citing fears the referendum could distract attention from the fight against Islamic State militants. Iraq s Supreme Federal Court ordered Barzani to suspend the vote and approved Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi s demand to consider  the breakaway of any region or province from Iraq as unconstitutional , his office said on Monday. Turkey has brought forward to Friday a cabinet meeting and a session of its national security council to consider possible action. ",1
19676,"Qatar, Kuwait stop renewing visas for North Korean workers","DOHA/KUWAIT (Reuters) - North Korean workers will start leaving Qatar and Kuwait after the Gulf Arab states said they would stop renewing visas, cutting off a source of foreign income for Pyongyang after U.N. Security Council sanctions and pressure from the United States. U.S. President Donald Trump urged United Nations member states on Tuesday to turn up the pressure on North Korea to give up its nuclear weapons, using his maiden speech to the world body to address what he has said is the top global challenge. The speech comes after North Korea s nuclear tests and missile launches which have stirred global tensions. Several thousand North Korean workers reside in the U.S-allied Gulf region, mainly working on construction sites. Kuwait hosts the only North Korean diplomatic mission in the region and this week took steps to expel the ambassador and downgrade ties. Qatar, which is hosting the 2022 World Cup, said on Tuesday it was in full compliance with all U.N. sanctions and that it had stopped issuing visas to North Korean nationals following the previous round of sanctions in 2015.  There have never been workers from North Korea working on any World Cup construction sites,  Qatar s Government Communications Office said in a statement, adding some companies had employed North Koreans prior to 2015.  Approximately 1,000 remain, but this number will decline rapidly as their employment contracts expire. Visas to North Korean nationals will not be renewed,  it said. A source familiar with the matter told Reuters the majority of North Koreans working in Qatar were expected to leave in the first six months of 2018 as they come to the end of their employment contracts. A North Korean source told Reuters on Monday Kuwait had given Ambassador So Chang Sik one month to leave the country, which hosts around 3,000 North Koreans. The representation would be downgraded to a charge d affaires, Kuwait confirmed on Monday, reiterating it had banned visas for North Koreans, halted direct flights and severed trade ties following U.N. sanctions in August. A source in the Kuwaiti foreign ministry urged all sides to work toward a solution  that would avert destruction and warfare  state news agency KUNA said. Kuwait s moves follow a meeting between Trump and Kuwait s ruler in Washington earlier this month and a joint statement from their foreign ministers on Sept. 8 which called on the international community to put further pressure on North Korea.  The United States praised Kuwait s positive steps in regards to implementing U.N. resolutions,  the statement said, in an apparent reference to the visa and flights ban. Beyond its largest missions in Moscow and Beijing, North Korea also has major embassies in London, Rome, Stockholm and Berlin, as well as dozens of smaller embassies across Africa and Asia. ",1
19677,Rescued migrants say lucky to dodge Libyan coastal clampdown,"ABOARD AQUARIUS RESCUE SHIP (Reuters) - Migrants rescued in the Mediterranean last week said they had been lucky to dodge increased sea and police patrols along the Western coast of Libya that have dramatically reduced arrivals in Italy since July.  Last month, Reuters reported that an armed group was stopping departures from the city of Sabratha, which had been the main springboard for smuggling for the past two years, although some boats are still getting through. On Thursday, the Aquarius rescue ship, run by humanitarian groups SOS Mediterranee and Doctors without Borders (MSF), picked up two rubber boats carrying a total of more than 260 migrants who had left from Sabratha.  If you are unlucky they will catch you ... there s so many ships in the sea,  Buba from Sierra Leone told Reuters a day after being picked up. He declined to give his last name.  If you are lucky you make it.   Italy has led the European Union s strategy to try to bolster the capability of local authorities and especially the Libyan coast guard so that they can shut down the central Mediterranean smuggling route, now the main one to Europe. Arrivals in Italy of rescued migrants fell 50 percent in July from a year earlier, and declined more than 80 percent in August   two months that had been peak periods during the previous three years. Overall, there have been more than 100,000 arrivals in Italy this year, a decline of more than 20 percent compared to 2016, official data show.  In the Libyan waters, at Sabratha, there are plenty of police,  said Umaru, another migrant from Sierra Leone.  Using a slang word for police to describe the forces stopping the boats, Umaru said:  When the karabouche (police) come they will take you to the jail. When they take you to the jail they will ask you to send money to let them free you.  The Italy-EU strategy has been strongly criticized by charity groups, including MSF, because migrants returned to Libya by the coast guard are detained arbitrarily in filthy centers with no healthcare, little food and abusive jailers. Often they must pay a ransom for their freedom.  Noor Cornelissen, the humanitarian affairs officer on the Aquarius, said it was common to hear stories from migrants who have been repeatedly returned to Libya.  We talked to people who this has happened to, maybe two, three or even four times,  she said.   They find themselves in Libya, in captivity ... they have to pay ransom to get out,  she said.   They tell us that at that point it s just being bought and sold, bought and sold ... whether they are being held by officials or by informal groups or even by private individuals.   ",1
19678,"Chinese, Vietnamese Communist parties have 'shared destiny': Beijing","BEIJING (Reuters) - China and Vietnam s Communist parties have a  shared destiny  and there is great potential for bilateral economic cooperation, a senior Beijing official said on Tuesday on a visit to Vietnam, which has clashed with China over the South China Sea. Although both nations are under Communist rule, they are deeply suspicious of each other and relations have been strained over the past few years because of disputes in the strategic South China Sea. China has appeared uneasy at Vietnamese efforts to rally Southeast Asian countries over the busy swathe of sea as well as at its neighbor s growing defense ties with the United States, Japan and India. In July, under pressure from Beijing, Vietnam suspended oil drilling in offshore waters that are also claimed by China. However, Hanoi and Beijing have also tried to prevent tensions from getting out of control, and senior officials from two countries make fairly regular visits to each other. Liu Yunshan, a member of the Chinese Communist Party s elite Standing Committee that runs the country, told Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc in Hanoi, in the first such high level visit since relations deteriorated in July, that the two parties  constitute a community of shared destiny with strategic significance , China s official Xinhua news agency reported.  The sound and stable development of the bilateral ties will help to solidify the ruling position of the two parties, which is in the interests of the two parties and people of the two nations,  Xinhua cited Liu as saying.  The two economies are highly complementary, with huge potential for practical cooperation,  the report quoted him as saying. Phuc told Liu that two countries should strive to maintain peace and stability in the South China Sea and avoid all activities that could increase tension, the Vietnamese government news website reported. He also urged China to  have substantial discussions soon  with Southeast Asian nations to reach a code of conduct in the disputed sea, the report said. While both the Chinese and Vietnamese reports made no direction mention of the South China Sea by Liu, they quoted him as suggesting the two countries  properly manage and control their divergences, so as to create favorable environment for bilateral cooperation . China claims nearly all the South China Sea, through which an estimated $3 trillion in international trade passes each year. Brunei, Malaysia, the Philippines and Taiwan also have claims. ",1
19679,Macron convinced Trump will see U.S. interests lie inside Paris climate deal,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron said on Tuesday he continued to talk to U.S. leader Donald Trump about re-entering the Paris climate pact but that there was no scope for a renegotiation of the existing terms.  I will not budge on the Paris accord terms,  Macron told reporters in New York where he is attending the U.N. General Assembly.  I deplore the U.S. decision, and I continue dialogue with President Trump because I am convinced that in the end he will see that it is in the interest of Americans to be a part of the Paris climate pact.   ",1
19680,Wreck of WWI German 'U-boat' submarine found off Belgium,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The well-preserved wreck of a World War One German submarine, possibly still containing the bodies of its 23 crew members, has been found off the Belgian coast. The use of submarines, often referred to as U-boats, in World War One to disrupt British trade routes in the English Channel and the North Sea was a key part of German tactics. The 93 German U-boats stationed in Belgian ports downed more than 2,500 ships but were also a target themselves, with 70 of them lost at sea, killing 1,200 sailors.  It was not yet clear which of the 11 known wrecks of the German submarines had been found, and authorities said they would not give the exact location of the wreck to deter looters.  Of the 11 downed U-Boats in Belgian waters, this one is the best preserved example,  the province of West Flanders said. Belgium s North Sea minister said he would investigate whether the wreck could be recognized as a heritage site. ",1
19681,London's Leadenhall market briefly evacuated after reports of suspect package,"LONDON (Reuters) - Leadenhall market in London s financial district was briefly evacuated on Tuesday after reports of a suspicious package in the area. City of London Police said a cordon had been put in place around the ornate arcade, home to bars and shops and close to the Lloyd s of London insurance building. They later said the package had been declared non-suspicious and that the cordons had been lifted. ",1
19682,British police say suspect package in London's Holborn was false alarm,"LONDON (Reuters) - British police said reports of a suspicious package near Holborn, central London, had turned out to be a false alarm.  Pictures on Twitter had shown several police cars and officers in the cordoned-off street, but a spokeswoman later said the operation had been stood down. Britain s threat level is currently set to severe, meaning an attack is highly likely, and 30 people were injured last Friday when a bomb on a train apparently failed to fully detonate.   ",1
19683,"Breakup of Iraq or Syria could lead to global conflict, Turkey says","ANKARA (Reuters) - The breakup of either Iraq or Syria could lead to global conflict, Turkey s defense minister said on Tuesday as Turkish tanks deployed near the border with Iraq ahead of a planned Kurdish independence referendum.  A change that will mean the violation of Iraq s territorial integrity poses a major risk for Turkey,  Nurettin Canikli said.  The disruption of Syria and Iraq s territorial integrity will ignite a bigger, global conflict with an unseen end . Turkey, with a large Kurdish population of its own in the south of the country, fears that the independence referendum in Iraq could embolden the outlawed PKK which has waged an insurgency in the southeast since the 1980s. Canikli said Ankara could not allow the formation of an ethnic-based state in the south of the country.  Nobody should have any doubt that we will take every step, make every decision to stop the growth of risk factors,  he said. ",1
19684,U.N. starting to gather testimony on Myanmar violations: investigator,"GENEVA (Reuters) - U.N. investigators have started collecting testimony from fleeing Rohingya Muslims pointing to human rights violations by Myanmar s military and security forces, the head of the fact-finding mission said on Tuesday. Marzuki Darusman said his U.N. team was still trying to get Myanmar s permission to enter the country, but was gathering evidence from refugees and medics in the border town of Cox s Bazar in neighboring Bangladesh. Darusman s team started its work in August, the month that attacks by Rohingya Muslim insurgents in Myanmar triggered a military response that has forced more than 421,000 Rohingya into Bangladesh in the past month. Myanmar has denied rights groups  accusations that it is trying to drive the minority community out of Rakhine state, saying it is only targeting militants.  Initial information has been given that some of the allegations that have been spelled out in the resolution are reflected in the initial findings of the team in their interviews,  Darusman told reporters.  What they have come up with reflects in general the reporting of the international media so far on what is happening there.  The U.N. Human Rights Council s resolution to set up the fact-finding mission mandated Darusman s team to look into  alleged recent human rights violations by military and security forces and abuses in Myanmar, in particular in Rakhine State . The international media has widely reported on the plight of the Rohingya and their accounts of persecution by Myanmar s military and security forces, which the U.N. human rights chief has referred to as a  textbook example  of ethnic cleansing. Initial findings would be released within about 10 days, Darusman said. His team was supposed to deliver its full report in March, but Darusman told the Geneva-based Council that timeframe was  utterly insufficient  and asked for a six-month extension. Myanmar s ambassador Htin Lynn told the Council that Myanmar was making efforts to restore peace, law and order.  Proportionate security measures targeted only on terrorists are being taken to safeguard our state security, and to restore law and order,  he said.  We continue to believe that instituting such a mission is not a helpful course of action in solving the already intricate Rakhine issue with daunting challenges.  ",1
19685,"Eying snap election, Japan's Abe to focus on education, security","TOKYO (Reuters) - Pledges to spend on education and child care, stay tough on North Korea and revise the pacifist constitution are likely to be pillars of Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe s campaign in a snap election next month, government sources said on Tuesday. Abe is expected to announce on Monday that he will call a general election on Oct. 22 to take advantage of a rebound in his damaged approval ratings and disarray in the opposition, ruling party and government sources said. The prime minister, whose ratings have recovered from below 30 percent in July, is betting his ruling bloc can at a minimum retain a simple majority in the chamber and at best keep the two-thirds super-majority needed to achieve his long-held goal of revising the constitution to clarify the military s role. A solid victory would boost Abe s chances of a third term as ruling Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) leader in a party election next September, putting him on track to become Japan s longest-serving premier.  That is his biggest goal,  said veteran independent political analyst Minoru Morita.  Abe s support rose 6.5 points to 50.3 percent in a poll conducted over the weekend by the Sankei newspaper and the Fuji News Network, while backing for the LDP was at 38 percent compared to 6.4 percent for the main opposition Democratic Party. Abe wants to go ahead with a planned rise in the nation s sales tax to 10 percent from 8 percent and use some of the revenue to create a  social security system for all generations , which would invest in education while decreasing the proportion of sales tax revenue used to pay down government debt, the sources said.  Japan s social welfare system is weighted toward spending on the elderly, with people aged 65 and over accounting for a whopping 27.7 percent of the population according to the latest government data.   You can promise anything you want - make a nod toward a more equitable society, empowering women, work-life balance, welfare for all generations,  said Jeffrey Kingston, director of Asian studies at Temple University Japan.  He s got a strategy that is going to win.  Using less tax revenue to pay down debt, however, would make more difficult an already ambitious pledge to balance the budget - excluding debt-servicing and new bond sales - by the year through March 2021. That could in turn raise concerns about less rigid fiscal discipline.  We have to maintain fiscal discipline, regardless,  Finance Minister Taro Aso told reporters when asked about reports of such a shift. Abe has said he will decide on a snap election after he returns from the United States on Friday. The opposition Democrats are struggling not only with single-digit support but also a raft of defections. And while the nascent  Japan First  party, which boasts ties to popular Tokyo Governor Yuriko Koike, could attract votes, it has yet to draft a platform, pick candidates or formally register as a party. That means the LDP and its junior coalition partner, the Komeito, have a shot at retaining their two-thirds majority in the lower house, political analysts said. However, some analysts believe Abe s electoral base could be undermined by voter distaste over suspected cronyism scandals and concerns about creating a political vacuum even as North Korea raises tensions with its nuclear and missile tests.  I don t dismiss the possibility of the voters giving Abe a nasty surprise,  said Gerry Curtis, professor emeritus at Columbia University in New York. ",1
19686,Factbox: Reactions to speech by Myanmar's Suu Kyi on violence in Rakhine State,"NAYPYITAW (Reuters) - Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi on Tuesday gave her first address to the nation since attacks by Rohingya Muslim insurgents on Aug. 25 sparked a military response that has forced more than 410,000 Rohingya into neighboring Bangladesh. Suu Kyi condemned human rights violations and said anyone responsible would face the law but she did not address U.N. accusations that the military campaign in Rakhine state was  textbook  ethnic cleansing. Here are some reactions to her speech from diplomats, aid agency officials, human rights groups and others: JAMES GOMEZ, Amnesty International regional director for Southeast Asia and the Pacific.  Aung San Suu Kyi today demonstrated that she and her government are still burying their heads in the sand over the horrors unfolding in Rakhine State.   PHIL ROBERTSON, Human Rights Watch deputy director, Asia Division.  In response to Suu Kyi s statement that army clearance operations have ceased since Sept. 5 -  If that is true, then who is burning all the villages we ve seen in the past two weeks?  TIN MAUNG SWE, secretary of the Rakhine State government He praised Suu Kyi for her  transparency  but was not optimistic about her pledge to promote harmony between Muslims and the largely Buddhist ethnic Rakhine communities in the state.  The situation is ready to explode. It just needs a single spark.  SEIN WIN, Myanmar defense minister  We will protect the ones who are in line with the law ... There are still many Muslim villages. We are taking good care of them,  he said, as he arrived for Suu Kyi s speech. PAUL EDWARDS, UNICEF deputy representative in Myanmar  We have to take at face value what she said about there being no further military operation since Sept 5. But of course none of us really know what s happening there if we re not there.  MARZUKI DARUSMAN, chair of the Independent International Fact-Finding Mission on Myanmar  Two main issues emerge ... the categorical readiness of the government of Myanmar to receive back returnees at any time on the basis of a procedure that will have to be discussed at some point. And secondly, the readiness of the government to undertake to be globally scrutinized by the international community. These two points bode well.  HONG LIANG, Chinese ambassador to Myanmar  China s position is very clear. We support the Myanmar government s effort to restore the peace and stability in Rakhine.   NIKOLAY A. LISTOPADOV, Russian ambassador to Myanmar  There are not reliable proofs, evidence to make such a condemnation, genocide and ethnic cleansing, no evidence.  ANDREW KIRKWOOD, United Nations Office for Project Services director and representative in Myanmar He welcomed Suu Kyi s announcement that diplomats could  travel to Rakhine state to see the situation for themselves.  I think that that is a positive statement and we wait to see what follow-up there is.  NI LAR THEIN, Yangon resident attending an open-air broadcast of Suu Kyi s speech, which was in English.  Mother Suu gave a speech today so that the whole world can know what s actually happening in our country. We come here to show our support for her, no matter if we understand the speech or not.     ",1
19687,French IT firm says its tech won't be ready for re-run of Kenya poll,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - A French IT company that supplied the electronic system used in Kenya s nullified election last month has told the election commission its technology will not be ready to use again by the Oct. 17 date set for a re-run of the vote. The statement presents a hurdle for the commission. It could threaten the timing of the election that President Uhuru Kenyatta, whose win on Aug. 8 win was canceled by the Supreme Court, will contest against opposition leader Raila Odinga. When the Supreme Court nullified the results of the presidential election citing irregularities, it ordered a new poll within 60 days. The commission then declared Oct. 17 as the date for the re-run. In a letter from Paris-based OT-Morpho to the election commission, the company said the two electronic systems it supplied for the vote would have to be reinstalled for the re-run.  This represents a very significant amount of work, which cannot be secured by October 17,  said the letter dated Sept. 18 and seen by Reuters. OT-Morpho provided 45,000 tablets for identifying voters using biometric technology and the system used to transmit results counted at polling stations as well as a photograph of the paper sheet from each station. Delays in transmission of the tally sheets was an irregularity raised by the opposition in its petition to the Supreme Court. The court has not released its full verdict but has said it will do so by Thursday. A spokesman for the company confirmed the letter was accurate. Andrew Limo, a spokesman for the election board, said he was aware of the letter and the board met on Monday to discuss it. Earlier in the day, he told Reuters that  changing the date (of the election re-run) is a last resort strategy.  The date of the new poll has been a source of tension between Kenyatta and Odinga. Kenyatta and his ruling Jubilee party have said the re-run should be held on Oct. 17 as scheduled by the commission, while the opposition is threatening to boycott the new poll if its demands for the sacking of key election officials are not met.  ",1
19688,"Waving German flag, far-right and anti-Islam groups rally together before vote","DRESDEN, Germany (Reuters) - In the shadows of a Dresden church, hundreds of Alternative for Germany party members rallied with anti-Islam activists, counting down the days to a vote set to make the AfD the first far-right group in parliament in more than half a century. Supporters of both movements stood side by side waving Germany s black, red and gold flag - a public demonstration of the fellow feeling between AfD and hardline PEGIDA, though they are officially separate groups. Outside the city s towering Frauenkirche - destroyed by Allied bombing in World War Two, then rebuilt after reunification - supporters stood by a huge blue banner that urged people to vote for the AfD on Sept. 24. One supporter held an AfD poster bearing the slogan:  Get your country back . The AfD could become the third largest party with up to 12 percent of the vote, polls show, built on its calls for Germany to shut its borders to immigrants and stop refugees bringing in their families. The party rejects its mainstream rivals  efforts to compare it to the Nazis. Some AfD members have also been keen to keep their distance from PEGIDA - full name the Patriotic Europeans Against the Islamisation of the West. But PEGIDA founder Lutz Bachmann told supporters to cast their ballots for the AfD on Monday night.  Both votes should go to what is currently the only alternative for Germany, which also bears this name, the Alternative for Germany (AfD). Together, we can make it,  Bachmann said. In Germany voters cast two ballots in a mixed-member proportional voting system - the first directly for a candidate in his or her constituency and the second for a party. The second vote determines the distribution of seats in parliament. PEGIDA has been meeting in Dresden regularly for almost three years and at its peak in early 2015 drew crowds of around 25,000 but has since largely disappeared from the headlines as its support base has dwindled. Alexander Gauland, one of the AfD s top candidates, told a news conference that Islam was a political doctrine and did not belong to Germany. The 76-year-old was widely criticized for saying Germans should be proud of what their soldiers achieved during World War One and Two. One of the officers he named was Claus von Stauffenberg, who led an unsuccessful attempt to assassinate Hitler in July 1944 with a bomb in a briefcase. Von Stauffenberg s grandson wrote an article for newspaper Die Welt saying he was outraged by Gauland s comments and his grandfather and other leading figures of German culture would be proud of immigration and diversity in Germany s history. On Monday Gauland said recent estimates showed 95 percent of German soldiers were not involved in war crimes and their families wanted to be proud of their sacrifices.  This has nothing to do with the crimes committed by the leaders. I addressed the individual performance of German soldiers in two world wars. I reiterate that,  he added. Alice Weidel, the AfD s other top candidate, said the arrival of more than a million migrants over the last two years had made Germany  a safe haven for criminals and terrorists . Weidel, who is openly lesbian, also said that perpetrators of attacks against homosexuals were  always the same,  namely  people with Muslim backgrounds, Arabs . ",1
19689,"Egypt's Sisi, Israel's Netanyahu meet for first time in public","CAIRO (Reuters) - Egypt s President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu have met for the first time in public in what Egypt said was part of an effort to revive the Middle East peace process. Egyptian authorities said in a statement the two had met on Monday ahead of the United Nations General Assembly in New York. Sisi separately met with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas at his residency, where they agreed to continue working toward a two-state solution. The meeting came just days after Egypt helped broker an agreement with the Palestinian Hamas group to dissolve the administration that runs Gaza and hold talks with Abbas  Fatah movement, its Palestinian rivals . For much of the last decade, Egypt has joined Israel in enforcing a land, sea and air blockade of the Gaza Strip, a move to punish Hamas, which has ruled Gaza since a brief Palestinian civil war in 2007. Netanyahu has said in recent weeks that ties between Israel and its Arab neighbors have been improving and that cooperation exists  in various ways and (at) different levels .   Egypt was the first of a handful of Arab countries to recognize Israel under the U.S.-sponsored peace accord in 1979. But Egyptian attitudes to its neighbor remain icy due to what many Arabs see as the continued Israeli occupation of land that is meant to form a Palestinian state. In recent weeks, Egypt has hosted delegations from Fatah and Hamas to help reach an agreement between the two sides and talk about the Gaza border. But reunification a decade after their battle for control may hinge on whether complex power-sharing issues can be resolved. Under pressure from the blockade, Hamas has sought to mend ties with Egypt, which controls their one border crossing. Egypt under Sisi has been wary of ties between Hamas and the Muslim Brotherhood, which Sisi ousted from power after mass protests. (This story has been refiled to remove extraneous words in paragraph 2.) ",1
19690,Fighting kills at least 25 in oil region of South Sudan,"JUBA (Reuters) - Rebels in South Sudan attacked government forces in Unity State, where oil fields have been abandoned due to fighting, and 25 people including civilians were killed, a local government official said on Tuesday. South Sudan, which gained independence from Sudan in 2011 after protracted bloodshed, fell into civil war in late 2013 with troops loyal to President Salva Kiir fighting those of the ex-vice president he sacked, Riek Machar. Those killed during Monday s fighting in the town of NhialDiu included women, elderly people and local police officers, Lam Tungwar, state minister of information of Northern Liech state, told Reuters. A rebel spokesman, Lam Paul Gabriel, put the death toll at 18 while the government said it had managed to repulse the rebels and were pursuing them. Dickson Gatluak Jock, military spokesman for South Sudanese Vice President Taban Deng Gai, said the attack coincided with  dialogue in NhialDiu between pro-rebel and pro-government clans aimed at securing peace in the region. ",1
19691,"Hong Kong leader demands end of independence talk, warns ties with Beijing at risk","HONG KONG (Reuters) - Hong Kong s leader urged an immediate end to independence debates in the Chinese-ruled global financial hub on Tuesday, warning that the issue was harming the city s relationship with Beijing s Communist Party leaders. Insisting that the government did not want to intervene on university campuses, Chief Executive Carrie Lam said the campaign was  organized and systematic  rather than simply an issue of freedom of speech.  This has already deviated from the so-called,  Why aren t we able to talk about this?  point of view. It is clearly attacking  one country, two systems  ... and destroying the relationship between Beijing and Hong Kong,  Lam said.  It is not in the interests of Hong Kong s development and must stop.  Lam said the calls  violated  the Basic Law, the constitutional document securing Hong Kong s broad freedoms of speech and assembly after Britain returned its former colony to Chinese sovereignty in 1997 under the  one country, two systems  banner. While the Basic Law enshrines far broader civil and commercial freedoms than exist in mainland China, some legal experts warn that a sustained independence campaign could break laws against sedition. Chinese leaders, including President Xi Jinping, have warned that independence discussions are a red line that can t be crossed, saying the city is an inalienable part of China. Some students have placed banners on  democracy walls  on campuses in recent days, sparking anger and counter campaigns from Hong Kong-based mainland students.  Some mainland Chinese students and pro-China patriotic groups have since sought to rip down some posters, sparking heated exchanges with Hong Kong students and free speech advocates. Pro-independence activists should be  killed  and treated without mercy, Junius Ho, a pro-Beijing lawmaker, said during a rally on Sunday, sparking outrage and calls for police to act.    The widening controversy sparked criticism from Chinese state media, as well as a rare joint statement from the heads of Hong Kong universities, declaring that the universities did not support Hong Kong independence. Lam said she believed university management would be able to handle the issue without government action. Asked about Lam s warnings, Chris Patten, Britain s last governor of Hong Kong, urged greater efforts to engage Hong Kong s restive young people.  It s unwise to think that you can simply shut it down by, and I m sure Carrie Lam wouldn t suggest this, by locking students up,  Patten told Reuters.  These aren t people to be frightened of. They are the future. And you ve got to persuade them why they re wrong.  While the students should  back off  counterproductive independence debates, he said, they should continue to push for democracy and the rule of law to secure their freedoms.  This is an extremely moderate community,  Patten later told a meeting at the Foreign Correspondents  Club.  If you give Hong Kong a bit more democracy, you ve got to recognize that it s a moderate place and people will behave responsibly.   Patten was critical, however, of the Hong Kong government s decision to seek a resentencing of democracy activist Joshua Wong and others, calling it a  political decision  that should have been better thought out, given the criticism it provoked. He also mentioned a Reuters report that Hong Kong s Justice Secretary Rimsky Yuen had overruled department colleagues in pursuing prison sentences for the democracy activists.  He s a grown-up, he must know   that actions have consequences,  Patten added.   Not to understand what signal that would send to the rest of the world strikes me as being, to be frank, a little na ve.  ",1
19692,Korean peninsula draws range of military drills in show of force against North Korea,"BEIJING/SEOUL (Reuters) - The U.S. military staged bombing drills with South Korea over the Korean peninsula and Russia and China began naval exercises ahead of a U.N. General Assembly meeting on Tuesday where North Korea s nuclear threat is likely to loom large. The flurry of military drills came after Pyongyang fired another mid-range ballistic missile over Japan on Friday and the reclusive North conducted its sixth and most powerful nuclear test on Sept. 3 in defiance of United Nations sanctions and other international pressure. A pair of U.S. B-1B bombers and four F-35 jets flew from Guam and Japan and joined four South Korean F-15K fighters in the latest drill, South Korea s defense ministry said. The joint drills were being conducted  two to three times a month these days , Defence Minister Song Young-moo told a parliamentary hearing on Monday. In Beijing, the official Xinhua news agency said China and Russia began naval drills off the Russian far eastern port of Vladivostok, not far from the Russia-North Korea border. Those drills were being conducted between Peter the Great Bay, near Vladivostok, and the southern part of the Sea of Okhotsk, to the north of Japan, it said. The drills are the second part of China-Russian naval exercises this year, the first part of which was staged in the Baltic in July. Xinhua did not directly link the drills to current tension over North Korea. China and Russia have repeatedly called for a peaceful solution and talks to resolve the issue. On Sunday, however, U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said the U.N. Security Council had run out of options on containing North Korea s nuclear program and the United States might have to turn the matter over to the Pentagon. In response, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said the most pressing task was for all parties to enforce the latest U.N. resolutions on North Korea fully, rather than  deliberately complicating the issue . Military threats from various parties have not promoted a resolution to the issue, he said.  This is not beneficial to a final resolution to the peninsula nuclear issue,  Lu told a daily news briefing.  U.S. President Donald Trump has vowed that North Korea will never be able to threaten the United States with a nuclear-tipped ballistic missile.  Asked about Trump s warning last month that the North Korean threat to the United States would be met with  fire and fury , Haley said:  It was not an empty threat.  Washington has also asked China to do more to rein in its neighbor and ally, while Beijing has urged the United States to refrain from making threats against the North.   The U.N. Security Council unanimously passed a U.S.-drafted resolution a week ago mandating tougher new sanctions against Pyongyang that included banning textile imports and capping crude and petrol supply. North Korea on Monday called the resolution  the most vicious, unethical and inhumane act of hostility to physically exterminate  its people, system and government.  The increased moves of the U.S. and its vassal forces to impose sanctions and pressure... will only increase our pace toward the ultimate completion of the state nuclear force,  the North s foreign ministry spokesman said in a statement carried by its official KCNA news agency. Gasoline and diesel prices in the North have surged since the latest nuclear test in anticipation of a possible oil ban, according to market data analyzed by Reuters on Monday. The international community must remain united and enforce sanctions against North Korea after its repeated launch of ballistic missiles, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said in an editorial in the New York Times on Sunday. Such tests were in violation of Security Council resolutions and showed that North Korea could now target the United States or Europe, he wrote. Abe also said diplomacy and dialogue would not work with North Korea and concerted pressure by the entire international community was essential to tackle the threats posed by the north and its leader, Kim Jong Un. However, the official China Daily argued on Monday that sanctions should be given time to bite and that the door must be left open to talks.  With its Friday missile launch, Pyongyang wanted to give the impression that sanctions will not work,  it said in an editorial.  Some people have fallen for that and immediately echoed the suggestion, pointing to the failure of past sanctions to achieve their purpose.  But that past sanctions did not work does not mean they will not. It is too early to claim failure because the latest sanctions have hardly begun to take effect. Giving the sanctions time to bite is the best way to make Pyongyang reconsider,  the newspaper said.  Pyongyang has launched dozens of missiles as it accelerates a weapons program designed to provide the ability to target the United States with a powerful, nuclear-tipped missile. It says such programs are needed as a deterrent against invasion by the United States, which has 28,500 troops stationed in South Korea. On Saturday, it said it aimed to reach an  equilibrium  of military force with the United States. The United States and South Korea are technically still at war with North Korea because the 1950-53 Korean conflict ended with a truce and not a peace treaty. ",1
19693,"China, Singapore look to put difficulties behind them","BEIJING (Reuters) - China and Singapore on Tuesday sought to put recent difficulties in their relationship over Taiwan and the disputed South China Sea behind them as Singapore s Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong began a trip to Beijing. Singapore is not a claimant to any disputed part of the South China Sea but is home to the biggest port in Southeast Asia, and has made clear its open economy depends on continued free navigation in the area. China is also suspicious of Singapore s good military relations with the United States and self-ruled Taiwan.  Meeting in the Great Hall of the People, Chinese Premier Li Keqiang told Lee that China and Singapore had maintained mutual respect.  Singapore, Li said, is an important member of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations, and next year will be rotating chair of ASEAN.   I trust this will inject new energy into not just China-Singapore relations but also China-ASEAN relations,  he said. China is worried it could face fresh criticism over its actions in the South China Sea when Singapore becomes ASEAN s chair, and is putting pressure on the city-state to make sure that doesn t happen, people familiar with the situation have told Reuters.  Lee said he was grateful for the attention to the bilateral relationship but also for the  opportunity to discuss how to work together in the regional context and with ASEAN.  Singapore hopes it will be able to bring China and ASEAN closer together, Lee added. The visit of Lee so close to the opening of next month s Communist Party Congress demonstrates the maintenance of high level visits between the two countries, said Bai Tian, the vice director of the Asian department at the Chinese Foreign Ministry.   This is an important political signal,  Bai said. Overall development of bilateral ties was fairing well, and both leaders agreed to  strengthen coordination and cooperation on international and regional matters , according to a readout of the meeting provided by the Chinese foreign ministry.  The United States and Singapore announced an enhanced defense relationship in late 2015, which included deployments of long range P-8 surveillance planes out of Singapore - aircraft which frequently track Chinese submarines. Singapore also has close though unofficial ties with self-ruled Taiwan, which Beijing regards as a Chinese province. Tensions between the two countries burst into the open last November when Hong Kong port authorities impounded nine Singaporean armored military vehicles being shipped home from training grounds in Taiwan. Hong Kong released the vehicles earlier this year amid rare open debates in both Singapore and China about a deteriorating relationship. ",1
19694,"Taiwan suspends oil exports to North Korea, imports of clothing","TAIPEI (Reuters) - Taiwan has suspended refined oil and LNG exports to North Korea, as well as clothing and textile imports, to comply with United Nations resolutions, a largely symbolic move by the island to show it is a responsible member of the international community. Self-ruled Taiwan is not a member of the United Nations, due to Beijing s position that it is simply a Chinese province and so not able to have its own official diplomatic ties with anyone. But proudly democratic Taiwan likes to show that it follows international norms, despite its lack of U.N. membership.  On Sept. 11, the United Nations Security Council unanimously stepped up sanctions against North Korea over its sixth and most powerful nuclear test on Sept. 3, imposing a ban on the isolated nation s textile exports and capping imports of crude oil.    To complement the UN measures, Taiwan said it would suspend liquefied natural gas, crude oil, and refined oil product exports to North Korea with effect from Tuesday, the economics ministry said in a statement.  Taiwan will suspend clothing and related textile good imports from North Korea, it added, adding that written pacts  made before Sept. 11 would prevail for imports until Dec. 10, so long as a special permit is obtained from the trade office.  Taiwan s measure is aimed at  denouncing North Korea s recent successive nuclear tests and actions that jeopardize regional security,  the economics ministry said in a statement. Taiwan and North Korea have only a minuscule trading relationship. Taiwan says its exports to North Korea in the first six months of this year were worth just $36,575, an annual  decrease of more than 90 percent. Last week, North Korea fired a missile that flew over Japan s northern Hokkaido region far out into the Pacific Ocean, shortly after its biggest nuclear test this month.   ",1
19695,"5-Star's young, popular Di Maio charts course to be Italy PM","ROME (Reuters) - Italy s anti-establishment 5-Star Movement looks poised to name Luigi Di Maio as its candidate for prime minister in elections early next year and, if opinion polls are to be believed, the earnest 31-year-old has a good chance of winning. Di Maio s critics scoff at his modest curriculum vitae, but his youth and acknowledged communication skills are key to his success. His rapid rise has mirrored that of 5-Star. Five years ago he was living in a small town in Italy s poor south and struggling to make ends meet as a designer and maintainer of websites, while studying law at Naples University.  He had previously worked as a steward at Naples football club, a building laborer and a waiter, according to the video he presented to 5-Star supporters to ask them to back him as a candidate for parliament in 2013. Detractors say his inexperience means he cannot be taken seriously as a potential prime minister. Yet opinion polls show he is by far 5-Star s most popular politician and among the two or three most popular in Italy.  5-Star is a young, innovative movement, so having someone very young in the front line helps to get that message across,  said fellow deputy Alfonso Bonafede, a close Di Maio ally. Boyish looking and immaculately turned out in suit and tie, he presents a moderate image in striking contrast to the movement s founder, 69-year-old comedian Beppe Grillo who is famous for his raucous tirades against Italy s ruling elite.  Di Maio comes across as calm and responsible, which reassures voters who might not be naturally drawn to 5-Star,  said Giovanni Orsina, politics professor at Rome s Luiss University. Politically Di Maio, who has taken tough stances on law-and-order and immigration, is seen on the right of the maverick party which says traditional left-right labels have no meaning. Its policies include the introduction of universal income support for the poor, phasing out fossil fuels and boosting public investment. Grillo, 5-Star s de facto chief since he founded the movement in 2009, effectively abdicated last week, saying whoever is elected as its candidate for prime minister will also be its leader. In line with 5-Star s credo of internet-based direct democracy, Di Maio will be picked in an online vote of the party s members this week. The date of the ballot has not yet been set but the result, to be announced on Saturday, is virtually a foregone conclusion. The only people with any hope of beating him decided not to run. When 5-Star shook up Italian politics by winning a quarter of the vote in 2013, electing 162 young, inexperienced lawmakers to parliament for the first time, Di Maio was one of the youngest and most inexperienced of all. However he quickly made an impression on both colleagues and opponents. At 26, he was elected as the youngest ever deputy speaker of the Chamber of Deputies, where he won plaudits for his ability to control the often unruly chamber. Since then he has often had a rocky ride. In his role as national coordinator of 5-Star s growing band of mayors, he has been a lightning rod for crises in numerous city halls, especially the capital Rome.  As his prominence increased so did the attacks of his opponents. He made their job easier with some grammatical and historical blunders on social media, including once referring to the late Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet as being from Venezuela. Some party colleagues also do little to hide their resentment of his success, but 5-Star insiders say that, crucially, he has always kept the trust of Grillo, who spotted him as a potential leader several years ago.  He has the most energy, he performs best under pressure and he has the broadest appeal to voters, including older ones where we are weakest,  said one 5-Star strategist who asked not to be named. Luca Ricolfi, sociology professor at Turin University, said Di Maio was  a good communicator and today that is all that people want from politicians .  But Orsina said there was more to Di Maio than his ability on television.   In these five years he has shown he also has political talent,  he said.  He has been at the center of the political battle and has always kept a cool head.          ",1
19696,Afghan Air Force receives first Black Hawk helicopters,"KABUL (Reuters) - The Afghan Air Force took delivery of its first four U.S.-made UH-60 Black Hawk helicopters on Tuesday as part of a planned replacement of its aging fleet of Russian-made Mi-17 helicopters, officials said. The U.S. plans to supply a total of 159 Black Hawks to Afghanistan in the coming years as it boosts the capacity of the AAF, considered one of the best-performing parts of the Afghan Defence and Security Forces.  The first Afghan Air Force UH-60s arrived today in Kandahar. They will help further develop a capable and sustainable AAF,  the NATO-led Resolute Support mission said. The robust Soviet-era Mi-17 is the workhorse of the AAF, accounting for around half of all sorties in recent months and is very popular with Afghan pilots.  As well as moving troops and casualties and flying in supplies to areas difficult to reach by road, the helicopters can also be fitted with weapons for close air support to units on the ground. However their age makes them increasingly difficult to maintain and replace and they are to be phased out over the coming years and replaced with refurbished Black Hawks, one of the mainstays of the U.S. Army s helicopter force. According to a report in July by the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan, a U.S. Congressional watchdog, 19 of the AAF s 46-strong Mi-17 fleet were unusable because they were undergoing overhaul or repair. In addition to operational considerations, the Pentagon has also long faced political pressure from Congress to switch spending to U.S.-built aircraft. Strengthening the Afghan Air Force is a central part of President Ashraf Ghani s four year plan to improve Afghan security forces which have struggled to contain the Taliban insurgency since the NATO-led coalition backing the government ended its main combat operations in 2014. ",1
19697,"U.S., South Korea troops stage mock battle to retake village near North Korean border","POCHEON, South Korea (Reuters) - The screech of incoming fire followed by an explosion resounds across forested hillsides near the border between North and South Korea. Battalion Commander Rob Kimmel of the U.S. 2nd Armored Brigade Combat Team, scanned the village at the base of a mountain for the tell-tale smoke.   That s enemy fire trying to attack R.O.K. forces located there,  says Kimmel - referring to South Korea by its official name, the Republic of Korea. This is a drill. It is just one of several that major world powers are engaged in on, over and near the Korean peninsula, amid heightened tension in the wake of North Korea s increasingly frequent missile tests and its sixth nuclear test this month. The U.S. soldiers are conducting a joint exercise with their South Korean allies, and the mission for the day is to recapture a village in enemy hands. There is an occasional crack of gunfire from soldiers in combat gear, hiding in the buildings, and prowling round corners of the village, which has been specially created for military  training. About 700 troops are engaged in the four-day drill, called Warrior Strike 8, near the Demilitarized Zone (DMZ) - the world s most heavily defended frontier. South Korea and the United States are technically still at war with North Korea after the 1950-53 Korean conflict ended with a truce, not a peace treaty. Such drills are held regularly, but the military has invited media to observe one for the first time in two years, said Kim Hyon-sok, public affairs specialist of the U.S. 2nd Infantry Division. The U.S. military has described the exercises as training for readiness  to fight tonight  against North Korea if needed. Based in Fort Hood, Texas, Kimmel s team is on a nine-month deployment in South Korea.  We are continuing to train for situations that may arise,  said Kimmel.  It s a big milestone type of exercise...we ll do two to three of these while we re here.  North Korea has repeatedly demanded that the United States and South Korea call off joint exercises, which Pyongyang view as provocative. A day earlier, U.S. and South Korean warplanes ran bombing drills over the peninsula. At the same, China s official Xinhua news agency reported that China and Russia began naval drills off the Russian far eastern port of Vladivostok, not far from the Russia-North Korea border. The Xinhua report did not link the exercises to the ongoing tensions over North Korea, which are expected to dominate the United Nations General Assembly in New York later on Tuesday. China and Russia have repeatedly called for a peaceful solution and talks to resolve a brewing crisis over North Korea.  Asked whether the drill near the border would make the North Korean side fearful of the allies military capabilities, Kimmel replied:  I m not sure, but I would hope they are.     ",1
19698,"Threats cannot help resolve Korean peninsula situation, China says","BEIJING (Reuters) - Threatening action or rhetoric cannot help resolve the situation on the Korean peninsula, China s foreign ministry said on Tuesday, after U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis hinted about the existence of military options on North Korea. The North has repeatedly defied the United Nations to conduct nuclear and missile tests, the latest being a mid-range missile fired over Japan on Friday, soon after the reclusive nation s sixth and most powerful nuclear test on Sept. 3. Asked whether there were any military options the United States could take with North Korea that would not put Seoul at grave risk, Mattis said there were, but declined to give details.  Developments in the peninsula nuclear issue up to this point prove that, no matter whether it is military threats in words or in action, they cannot promote and advance a resolution,  the foreign ministry spokesman, Lu Kang, said.  To the contrary, it just adds to tensions and makes achieving the goal of denuclearization on the peninsula appear more complicated and difficult to resolve,  he added, responding to a question about Mattis  comments at a regular briefing. Seoul is within artillery range of North Korea, which is also believed to have a sizable chemical and biological arsenal beyond nuclear and conventional weapons. Any conflict on the Korean peninsula could lead to bloodshed unseen since the 1950-53 Korean War, which took the lives of more than 50,000 Americans and millions of Koreans and ended in an armed truce, not a peace treaty. Military options available to the United States range from non-lethal actions such as a naval blockade to enforce sanctions to waging cyber attacks and positioning new U.S. weaponry in South Korea, where the United States has 28,500 troops. South Korea and the United States, and separately Russia together with China, started military drills on Monday, in a show of force against North Korea. The Korean peninsula issue must be resolved peacefully, Chinese foreign minister Wang Yi stressed during a meeting with his Russian counterpart at the United Nations. Chinese President Xi Jinping and U.S. President Donald Trump spoke by telephone about keeping pressure on North Korea using economic sanctions imposed through the United Nations, the White House has said. (This story has been refiled to reformat paragraph 10) ",1
19699,Zimbabwe's Tsvangirai 'out of danger' in South African hospital,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - Zimbabwe opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai is  out of danger  in hospital in South Africa after being airlifted from Harare at the weekend following the sudden onset of severe vomiting, a party source said on Tuesday. Tsvangirai, who is due to challenge President Robert Mugabe in elections next year, was recovering well but had been told by doctors to avoid stress and strain until at least the weekend, the source said. The 65-year-old s symptoms came on suddenly at a meeting of his opposition coalition, the Movement for Democratic Change (MDC), on Thursday evening in Kadoma, a city around 160 km (100 miles) southwest of the Zimbabwe capital. The MDC sought to play down Tsvangirai s hospitalization, describing it as  routine  and denying local media reports that he was on life support after being airlifted to Johannesburg in the early hours of Saturday morning. Tsvangirai has been receiving treatment for colon cancer since last year but says he is in good health. His sudden illness was not thought to be related to his cancer or cancer treatment, two party sources told Reuters. It comes a month after Vice President Emmerson Mnangagwa, a favorite to succeed 93-year-old Mugabe, was rushed to South Africa for emergency medical care. Mnangagwa, who has since returned, denied local media reports he had been poisoned. ",1
19700,Kremlin: U.S. lethal weapons supplies to Ukraine won't promote stability,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Kremlin said on Tuesday that possible supplies of lethal weapons to Ukraine by the United States will not promote stability in eastern Ukraine. Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko wrote on his pages in social media that the U.S. Senate had approved supplies of  lethal weapons of defensive character to our country .  It said the bill approved by U.S. lawmakers envisaged a total of $500 million in U.S. support of Ukraine s defense and security.  This is Poroshenko s statement, we have not heard any statements by the American side regarding this,  Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told a conference call with reporters. ",1
19701,EU court adviser says arbitration clause in investment treaty is legal,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - An arbitration clause in an investment treaty between the Netherlands and Slovakia does not violate EU law, an adviser to the EU s top court said on Tuesday, in a legal case on an issue that has sparked fierce public debate. The Advocate General gave his opinion on an arbitration clause contained in an investment treaty stemming from 1991 between the Netherlands and Czechoslovakia, before the latter split into two countries and became a member of the European Union. In 2008 a Dutch insurer launched arbitration proceedings against Slovakia and was awarded 22.1 million euros ($26.51 million) in damages. Slovakia sought to annul the decision, arguing arbitration treaties violated EU law.  The arbitration clause in the investment protection agreement concluded between the Netherlands and Slovakia is compatible with EU law,  the Advocate General said. Arbitration clauses have been sharply debated in the wake of the EU s efforts to conclude trade deals with other nations and regions, seen by critics as undermining national judiciary processes. The European Court of Justice usually follows the advice given by the Advocate General. ",1
19702,Anti-Assad nations say no to Syria reconstruction until political process on track,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - The United States, Britain and other countries opposed to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad will not support the reconstruction of the country until there is a political transition  away from Assad,  British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson said on Monday. The  Friends of Syria  group, an alliance of mainly Western and Gulf Arab countries, met in New York on Monday on the sidelines of the U.N. General Assembly at a time when the conflict in Syria, now in its seventh year, appears to be less urgent with attention focused on the North Korean nuclear threat and the fate of the Iran nuclear deal.  We believe that the only way forward is to get a political process going and to make it clear to the Iranians, Russians and Assad regime that we, the like-minded group, will not support the reconstruction of Syria until there is such a political process and that means, as Resolution 2254 says, to a transition away from Assad,  Johnson said. He was speaking after a meeting of about 14 countries that back the Syrian opposition including France, Saudi Arabia, Turkey and the United States.  The U.N. Security Council has adopted a Syria transition road map through a Geneva-led process. Russia joined the war on Assad s behalf in 2015, turning the momentum in his favor. Assad also enjoys robust support from Iran and Lebanon s Hezbollah. Meanwhile, the moderate Syrian opposition is moribund and the United States has largely stepped back from a leading role in Syrian diplomacy. Earlier this year the Trump administration also halted the CIA s covert program to equip and train certain rebel groups fighting Assad. Acting Assistant Secretary of State for Near Eastern Affairs, David Satterfield, said all those at the meeting agreed that  there has got to be a political process if there is to be any international participation in the reconstruction of Syria.   The regime and the regime supporters cannot declare a victory solely based on a map and colors of positions on the ground,  Satterfield said.  The reconstruction of Syria depends very much on that credible political process. That political process is focused on Geneva and the role of the United Nations.  The meeting on Monday was in stark contrast to last year s which took place after a ceasefire deal between the United States and Russia effectively collapsed when an aid convoy was bombed in Aleppo, Syria s largest city. Aleppo is now in the hands of Assad s forces and Assad himself is in a much stronger position, thanks to Russian and Iranian support. The last major international attempt to resolve the crisis ended in failure when the International Syria Support Group (ISSG), which included Iran, was cast aside after Syrian government forces retook the rebel stronghold of Aleppo in 2016. Russia, Turkey and Iran have been negotiating separately for months in Astana to try to reduce the violence on the ground by creating de-escalation zones across the country, although those talks do not cover a long-term political solution  We discussed here how to bring it back to the U.N.-led process and Geneva,  Swedish Foreign Minister Margot Wallstr m told Reuters. Asked if there was consensus on that, she said  I would say so.    It s good if the Astana process leads to de-escalation and a reduction of the violence but it has to lead into the political process.  Earlier on Monday, France warned that the status quo in Syria risked leading to the country s permanent fragmentation and opening the door to new radical Islamist groups. Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian told reporters in New York he would hold a meeting with the four other permanent members of the Security Council - Britain, China, Russia and the United States - on Thursday to persuade them to create a contact group to give new impetus to end the seven-year conflict. Le Drian said  realism  dictated that Assad could not stay in power after millions of Syrians had fled the country due to the war, but that it was vital major powers worked together to help revive U.N.-brokered peace talks in Geneva. Dutch Foreign Minister Bert Koenders said the French contact group proposal was not discussed at the Friends of Syria meeting.  But Riyad Hijab, a prominent Syrian opposition leader, said he told French President Emmanuel Macron that the initiative was important in part because  of American withdrawal and Russia is dominating the entire process. So Mr. Macron s initiative  is the right way to fix this because it s vital all five (permanent Security Council members) are involved in the process.  ",1
19703,U.N. investigator says he does not have permission to go to Myanmar,"GENEVA (Reuters) - The head of the U.N. fact-finding mission probing violence in Myanmar s Rakhine state said on Tuesday he is still waiting for permission to enter the country.  We have not been able to proceed further in planning the presence of a fact-finding team on the ground until there is a clear signal from the government of Myanmar that the fact-finding mission is in fact enabled to access into the country,  Marzuki Darusman told the U.N. Human Rights Council.  We continue to hold hopes, high hopes in fact, that this may be resolved.  ",1
19704,Actress goes solo to push for end to Philippines drug war,"MANILA (Reuters) - Mae Paner is a policeman-turned-assassin, a widowed Zumba dancer, a photojournalist and an orphaned child. They are all characters in her new one-woman show against a bloody war on drugs in the Philippines. Paner, better known by her stage name  Juana Change , said she wanted to add her voice to the condemnation of President Rodrigo Duterte s fierce 15-month-old campaign which has killed thousands of people.  I feel very strongly that we have our work cut out for us as artists to wake people up, to wake our president up, and to tell him that we are against his war on drugs,  Paner told Reuters Television. Paner portrays four characters who are affected by the drugs war, from the assassin grappling with his guilt and the journalist scarred by images of the nightly carnage, to widows and orphans crying out for justice. Filipinos remain largely supportive of the campaign as a solution to tackling rampant crime, which Duterte says stems mostly from drug addiction. Human rights groups, the Catholic Church and opposition lawmakers have raised alarm about the killings that have focused largely on the urban poor and have not spared young people. More than 3,800 people have been killed in police anti-drugs operations in the past 15 months and at least 2,100 other homicides were likely drug related.  Police reject allegations by human rights groups that they are executing suspected users and dealers. Some audience members who watched a recent performance of Paner s play said they hoped it would prompt Filipinos to ask questions about the drugs war.  The more this play is staged - wherever it may be shown, wherever more people can watch it - the more people can think and have much more informed opinions on this matter,  said Pastor Kakai Pamaran.  ",1
19705,South Africa's court to hear state's appeal against Pistorius in November,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South Africa s Supreme Court of Appeal (SCA) will hear the state s appeal against the six-year murder sentence handed to Paralympic gold medallist Oscar Pistorius on Nov. 3, the National Prosecuting Authority (NPA) said on Tuesday.  The state will argue that six years in jail is too lenient a sentence for the murder by Pistorius of Reeva Steenkamp, his girlfriend, in 2013.   The state, in the papers, we stipulate clearly that the sentence imposed is shockingly low,  said NPA spokesman Luvuyo Mfaku.   The presiding officer has the discretion to deviate from the minimum prescribed sentence when compelling and substantial circumstances exist. But... with this matter, the presiding officer exercised that discretion in a very lenient manner.  Women s rights groups in a country beset by high levels of violent crime against women say Pistorius has received preferential treatment compared to non-whites and those without his wealth or international celebrity status. The SCA told state prosecutors and the defence in November that they would need to argue their cases in court before it would rule on the matter.   State prosecutors, led by advocate Gerrie Nel, say the sentence was too lenient as the jail term was less than half the 15 years they had sought. In his arguments at the trial, Nel said Pistorius had shown no remorse for the 2013 shooting. Lawyers for the gold medallist, known as the  Blade Runner  for his carbon-fibre prosthetics, say he did not deliberately kill model and law graduate Steenkamp. The athlete was originally convicted of manslaughter and sentenced to five years in jail. That conviction was increased to murder by the SCA in December 2015 and his sentence increased to six years by trial Judge Thokozile Masipa. She dismissed in August 2016 a request by Nel to appeal Pistorius  sentence, saying she was not persuaded that there was a reasonable prospect of success at another court. Nel then launched his case at the SCA, in Bloemfontein, 400 km (250 miles) southwest of Johannesburg. ",1
19706,China's highest-profile fugitive assailed by businessman who says he was framed for crimes,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China s highest profile fugitive, exiled billionaire Guo Wengui, is under attack from a former business partner who claims Guo got him framed for crimes he says he did not commit. After having a conviction for embezzling 855 million yuan ($130 million) from a company owned by Guo quashed, Qu Long told Reuters he is out for revenge.   When he returns I will sue him in China,  Qu said of Guo, two days after being released from jail where he served six years of a 15-year sentence.  If he can t return, I will sue him in the United States. As long as he is on the face of this Earth, I will find a lawyer and make him pay.  In its ruling last Tuesday, the Hebei High People s Court said there was not enough evidence to support the embezzlement conviction.  Qu s interview with Reuters was arranged by the Chinese authorities, who also provided briefings by three members of a special police taskforce investigating Guo, who is living in New York. Chinese officials told Reuters they wanted to get Qu s narrative out through the Western media to counteract a barrage of internet postings by Guo.  The officials and police involved in the case told Reuters that after an investigation that began in 2015 they had discovered that the charges against Qu were fabricated by Guo and government officials Guo had allegedly bribed, including Ma Jian, the former counter-intelligence chief at China s spy agency, the Ministry of State Security. Ma was put under investigation for alleged corruption in 2015 and was expelled from the Communist Party the following  year. He remains in detention and Reuters was unable to reach him for comment. Guo did not respond to requests for comment about Qu. Guo s New York-based lawyer, Josh Schiller, said Qu s threat was  further persecution of Guo in order to silence his speech . Guo, who left China in late 2014 shortly before Ma was detained, has previously denied bribing government officials and says accusations leveled against him are politically motivated. The police and other Chinese officials who talked to Reuters provided no evidence to support their bribery assertions in the  case. Reuters was unable to independently confirm whether Guo engaged in any wrongdoing. Guo is currently living in a $68 million apartment overlooking Manhattan from where he has been using social media to make a series of incendiary, though mostly unverifiable, claims of corruption in the top levels of the Chinese government. His campaign has been timed for maximum impact ahead of next month s critical congress of the ruling Communist Party, which is held only once every five years.   The Chinese authorities are trying to repatriate Guo, who applied for U.S. political asylum earlier this month. In April, at Beijing s request, Interpol issued a  red notice  seeking Guo s arrest on corruption-related charges.    The same month, a video confession from Ma surfaced online, detailing 10 instances where he claimed he abused his power to benefit Guo in exchange for more than 60 million yuan in bribes, including conspiring to detain and frame Qu.       Guo has said Ma s testimony should not be believed, arguing it was likely coerced or made under duress. Reuters was unable to independently confirm the events that Ma cited. Guo and Qu were once friends and business partners, having first met two decades ago and, according to Qu, bonding quickly over a mutual love of motorcycles and sports cars. The two men fell out over a dispute related to the ownership of Tianjin Huatai, an investment holding company, with Guo claiming Qu had reneged on an agreement to hand over control of the company. Qu was initially detained on suspicion of possessing firearms and he was eventually sentenced on the embezzlement charges. Qu denied any wrongdoing. ",1
19707,"Motorbike explosion in Syrian city kills child, monitors say","BEIRUT (Reuters) - A booby-trapped motorbike exploded in the northeastern Syrian city of Qamishli on Monday, killing a child and wounding six other people, the monitoring group Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported. Syrian state TV said a motorbike had exploded and reported that four people were wounded but did not immediately mention deaths. Qamishli is in an area mostly under the control of Kurdish security forces. Bomb blasts, often claimed by Islamic State, have occurred in Qamishli and nearby Hasaka city, both under Kurdish control, but have been rare in the last year. Islamic State also reported the bombing via its online Amaq news agency, saying it had targeted a vehicle belonging to Kurdish security forces. It did not explicitly claim the attack. Kurdish internal security force the Asayish, in a statement, blamed a Syrian government-allied paramilitary group for carrying out the attack. The Kurdish YPG militia is spearheading a U.S.-backed offensive to drive Islamic State out of the jihadist group s remaining strongholds in eastern Syria, including its former de facto Syrian capital, Raqqa. The YPG and Syrian government forces have mostly stayed out of each other s way in the six-year-old Syrian conflict. ",1
19708,China says North Korea nuclear issue must be resolved peacefully,"BEIJING (Reuters) - The North Korean nuclear issue must be resolved peacefully, Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi told his Russian counterpart during a meeting at the United Nations, China s Foreign Ministry said on Tuesday. The United States and South Korea, and separately Russia together with China, started military drills on Wednesday in a show of force against North Korea, which has repeatedly defied the United Nations to conduct nuclear and ballistic missile tests. Wang said in a meeting with Russian counterpart Sergei Lavrov on Monday that China would strictly implement U.N. Security council sanctions and stressed that  parties directly involved  must also take action and responsibility.  The current deepening vicious cycle must be broken. Resuming peace talks is an equally important step in implementing security council resolutions,  Wang said, according to a statement on the foreign ministry website. Russia has supported China s  suspension-for-suspension  proposal, where the United States and South Korea would agree to halt joint military drills while North Korea halted missile and nuclear tests. Chinese President Xi Jinping and U.S. President Donald Trump spoke about keeping pressure on North Korea using economic sanctions imposed through the United Nations, the White House said on Monday. Trump and Xi spoke on the phone days after Trump and his aides publicly discussed potential military action against North Korea. Trump said on Friday he was  more confident than ever that our options in addressing this threat are both effective and overwhelming . Pyongyang carried out the latest in a rapid series of missile launches by firing another mid-range ballistic missile over Japan on Friday, soon after its sixth and most powerful nuclear test on Sept. 3, in defiance of United Nations sanctions and other international pressure. ",1
19709,Factbox: Countries which have expelled North Korean ambassadors after nuclear test,"SEOUL (Reuters) - In response to Pyongyang s nuclear test on Sept. 3, its most powerful to date, some countries have announced they have expelled the North Korean ambassador accredited to their capitals.  Despite North Korea s increasing isolation as it continues to violate international sanctions, the impoverished state still has 49 overseas missions, and diplomatic relations with 160 countries, according to South Korea s Unification Ministry. Beyond its largest missions in Moscow and Beijing, North Korea also has major embassies in London, Rome, Stockholm, and Berlin, as well as dozens of smaller embassies across Africa and Asia. Following is a list of those countries that have expelled North Korean diplomats following Pyongyang s sixth nuclear test: SPAIN, September 18, 2017 - The Spanish foreign ministry asked North Korean ambassador Kim Hyok Chol to leave the country by September 30 citing his country s repeated refusals to renounce its nuclear weapons program. KUWAIT, September 17, 2017  - Kuwait said it has ordered North Korean ambassador So Chang Sik and four other diplomats to leave within a month as the country downgraded diplomatic relations with Pyongyang. North Korea s Embassy in Kuwait City has served as the only diplomatic station in the Gulf region for North Korea. PERU, September 11, 2017 - Peru s government announced it was giving North Korean ambassador Kim Hak Chol five days to leave the country in retaliation over North Korea s sixth nuclear test. MEXICO, September 7, 2017 - Mexico declared North Korean ambassador Kim Hyong Gil was  persona non grata  and was to leave the country within 72 hours in protest at the North s sixth nuclear test, citing that it was a  flagrant violation  of international law and U.N. Security Council resolutions. The only country to have completely ended diplomatic relations with Pyongyang in recent years was Botswana, which severed ties after a United Nations investigation revealed extensive and widespread human rights abuses in North Korea. The following countries with which North Korea has diplomatic relations have not expelled ambassadors, but have scaled back ties: EGYPT, September 12, 2017 - Cairo said it was cutting military ties with North Korea. Pak Chun Il, North Korea s sitting ambassador to the country, was blacklisted by the United Nations on November 30, 2016 in response to Pyongyang s fifth nuclear test that September.  PHILIPPINES, September 8, 2017 - Manila s foreign ministry said it had suspended trade relations with North Korea to comply with U.N. Security Council resolutions over the North s repeated missile tests. UGANDA, May 29, 2016 - Kampala said it has halted all military and security ties with Pyongyang in May last year following extended cooperation with North Korea in police training and regular military training for the Ugandan armed forces. ",1
19710,Indonesian police detain 22 over violent anti-communist protest,"JAKARTA (Reuters) - Indonesian authorities detained 22 people late on Monday after a violent mob clashed with police at an anti-communist protest in the capital Jakarta. President Joko Widodo s government has tried to redress a bloody 1965 anti-communist purge, one of the darkest periods in the country s history, but tensions remain over the purge in which an estimated 500,000 people were killed.  The public cannot take the law into their own hands, they must defer to law enforcement apparatus,  Widodo said in a statement issued after the clashes. Communism is banned in Indonesia and any sympathizers are regarded with a deep suspicion and hostility, especially by nationalists and Islamists.      Five police were injured in the clashes when a mob of around 200 gathered outside the Legal Aid Foundation in central Jakarta, which had held a seminar on the 1965 killings at the weekend. Protesters threw rocks and water bottles and police fired water cannon and tear gas to disperse the crowd, according to media. Activists called for authorities to safeguard such events and for the public to  look critically at history .  Repressive attitudes and allowing anarchists to threaten people s rights will cripple our democracy,  the national commission for women s rights said in a statement.   There are victims of 1965 and the stigma associated with (communism) that deserve truth, justice, and healing.  The anti-communist purge started in late 1965 after then-general Suharto and the military took power following an abortive communist coup. A million or more people were jailed, suspected of being communists. Successive governments have refused to accept the estimated death toll figure and have refrained from apologizing.     The military, which is accused by activists of gross human rights violations during the 1965 purge, has bristled at any reconciliation efforts.  Military chief Gatot Nurmantyo this year ordered a Suharto-era propaganda film to be screened for soldiers across the country to mark the anniversary of the abortive coup on Sept 30, 1965, the night before the violence was unleashed.      ",1
19711,Rohingya refugees tell of new violence; call for Myanmar sanctions,"COX S BAZAR, Bangladesh (Reuters) - Rohingya Muslims fleeing a Myanmar military offensive arrived in Bangladesh on Monday with fresh accounts of violence and arson  as a rights group called for sanctions and an arms embargo to stop what the United Nations has branded ethnic cleansing. The latest wave of violence in western Myanmar s Rakhine State began on Aug. 25, when Rohingya insurgents attacked police posts and an army camp, killing about 12 people. The Myanmar military response has sent more than 410,000 Rohingya Muslims fleeing to Bangladesh, escaping what they and rights monitors say is a campaign aimed at driving out the Muslim population. Buddhist-majority Myanmar rejects that, saying its forces are carrying out clearance operations against the insurgents of the Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army, which claimed responsibility for the August attacks and smaller raids in October. Hundreds of refugees traveled by small boats to an island on the southernmost point of Bangladesh late on Sunday and on Monday, telling of persecution and destruction.  The army came and they burned our homes, they killed our people. There was a mob of Rakhine people too,  said Usman Goni, 55, after he stepped off a boat with his seven children and wife, clutching two sticks tied in rope and a sack. Many of the refugees have spoken of ethnic Rakhine Buddhist civilians joining the Myanmar army in its attacks. Myanmar denies that and has blamed Muslim insurgents for the violence. Myanmar has largely sealed the area off to aid workers and reporters. Rights groups say satellite images show about 80 smouldering Muslim villages. They have seen evidence of arson attacks on Buddhist villagers, but on a much smaller scale. Most of the new arrivals said their villages had been torched on Friday, when huge clouds of smoke were clearly seen over Myanmar.  There s nothing left,  said a Nurhaba, 23, who said she was from a village close to Maungdaw town. About a million Rohingya lived in Rakhine State until the recent violence. Most face draconian travel restrictions and are denied citizenship in a country where many Buddhists regard them as illegal immigrants from Bangladesh. Myanmar government leader and Nobel laureate Aung San Suu Kyi has faced a barrage of criticism from abroad for not stopping the violence. The military remains in charge of security and there is little sympathy for the Rohingya in a country where the end of army rule has unleashed old animosities. The military campaign in Rakhine State has wide support. Suu Kyi is due to speak to the nation on Tuesday about a crisis the United States has called a  defining moment  for her country. U.S. Deputy Assistant Secretary of State Patrick Murphy is due in Myanmar this week.  He will travel to Sittwe, the capital of Rakhine State, to meet government officials and representatives of different communities, including Rohingya, but he is not seeking to travel to the conflict zone in northern Rakhine State. Human Rights Watch said Myanmar security forces were disregarding world condemnation and the time had come to impose tougher measures that the generals could not ignore. It called for governments to  impose travel bans and asset freezes on security officials implicated in serious abuses; expand existing arms embargoes to include all military sales, assistance, and cooperation; and place a ban on financial transactions with key ... military-owned enterprises . For years, the United States and Western allies imposed sanctions on Myanmar in support of Suu Kyi s campaign for democracy. Its response was to forge closer ties with China. U.S.-Myanmar ties have been improving since the military began withdrawing from government in 2011, and paved the way for a 2015 election won by Suu Kyi s party. A Trump administration official said the violence made it harder to build warmer ties, and there would likely be some  easing  in the short term, but he did not expect a return to sanctions.  People are too invested in the last five years of thawing, which is understood by everyone to be strategically sound,  said the official, who declined to be identified.  Long-term, the trajectory is probably tighter relations.  In a rare expression of support for the Rohingya from within Myanmar, a group from the Karen ethnic minority, called for the military to halt its operations and for economic sanctions to be considered. For decades of army battled autonomy-seeking Karen insurgents that sent more than 100,000 villagers fleeing to Thailand. The insurgents have now made peace. Bangladesh is struggling to cope with the refugees  and aid workers fear people could die due to a lack of food, shelter and water, given the numbers. Bangladesh has said all refugees must go home. Myanmar has said it will take back those who can verify their citizenship. Several thousand protesters tried to march on the Myanmar embassy in the Bangladeshi capital, Dhaka, but police kept them well back. For an interactive on the Rohingya exodus, click: here ",1
19712,China offers support to Myanmar at U.N. amid Rohingya crisis,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China supports efforts by the Myanmar government to protect its national security and opposes recent violent attacks in the country s Rakhine state, Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi told U.N. Secretary-General Ant nio Guterres. The military response to insurgent attacks in the western region of Myanmar last month sent more than 410,000 Rohingya Muslims fleeing to neighboring Bangladesh, escaping what the United Nations has branded ethnic cleansing. Myanmar s government says about 400 people have been killed in the fighting. Britain, France and Australia urged Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi on Monday to push for an end to military violence against Rohingya Muslims. Her national security adviser said those who had fled could return but the process had to be discussed. Wang told Guterres at a meeting at the United Nations on Monday China  understands and supports  Myanmar s efforts to protect its security in Rakhine and hopes the  fire of war  can soon be extinguished, China s Foreign Ministry said in a statement on Tuesday. China expresses sympathy with those who have fled into Bangladesh and will send humanitarian aid to Bangladesh, Wang said.  China advocates Myanmar and Bangladesh resolving the problem via dialogue and consultation,  the Foreign Ministry cited Wang as saying.  China is willing to continue promoting peace talks in its own way, and hopes the international community can play a constructive role to ease the situation and promote dialogue,  he said. China and Myanmar have close economic and diplomatic ties and China has defied expectations that democratization in the former Burma could lead to weaker relations between the two countries. About a million Rohingya lived in Rakhine State until the recent violence. Most face draconian travel restrictions and are denied citizenship in a country where many Buddhists regard them as illegal immigrants from Bangladesh. ",1
19713,Panama authorizes extradition of former Mexican governor on corruption charges,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Panama has agreed to extradite a former state governor from Mexico s ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) who is wanted in his homeland on corruption charges, the two countries said on Monday. Roberto Borge, who from 2010 to 2016 was governor of the state of Quintana Roo, home to the tourist resort Cancun, was detained in Panama City airport in June with the aid of Interpol as he was preparing to board a flight to Paris. Corruption promises to be one of the major issues in Mexico s July 2018 presidential election, with public discontent widespread over a spate of conflict-of-interest rows that have dogged the Cabinet and President Enrique Pena Nieto himself. The law bars Mexican presidents from seeking re-election. Mexican prosecutors accuse Borge of using funds obtained illegally, embezzlement and abuse of public office. The Mexican Foreign Ministry and the attorney general s office said in a statement Panama s Foreign Ministry had notified Borge that the extradition was going ahead. Panama s Foreign Ministry said in a separate statement that, after being notified, Borge announced that he would have his lawyers appeal against the extradition. The ministry did not give details of how the Mexican aimed to justify his appeal. Borge had long been accused of corruption by opposition parties, although he has denied the allegations. Other former PRI governors are also facing prosecution in the run-up to next year s presidential contest. Javier Duarte, who governed the Mexican state of Veracruz for the PRI until last year, was extradited from Guatemala to Mexico on July 17. He is accused of embezzlement and engaging in organized crime. ",1
19714,"In first visit, Trump urges reform so U.N. can meet full potential","UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump criticized the United Nations for bloated bureaucracy and mismanagement on his first visit on Monday to U.N. headquarters, calling for  truly bold reforms  so it could be a greater force for world peace. Ahead of his maiden speech to the annual U.N. General Assembly on Tuesday, Trump hosted a short event to boost support for changes to the United Nations.  In recent years the United Nations has not reached its full potential because of bureaucracy and mismanagement, while the United Nations on a regular budget has increased by 140 percent and its staff has more than doubled since 2000,  Trump said.  The United Nations must hold every level of management accountable, protect whistleblowers and focus on results rather than on process,  Trump said.   I am confident that if we work together and champion truly bold reforms the United Nations will emerge as a stronger, more effective, more just and greater force for peace and harmony in the world,  Trump said in his first remarks at the U.N. in New York since his inauguration as president in January. In a building where long statements are commonplace, Trump spoke for just four minutes.  Some 128 countries were invited to attend Monday s reform meeting after signing on to a U.S.-drafted 10-point political declaration backing efforts by U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres  to initiate effective, meaningful reform.  U.N. Security Council veto powers Russia and China did not sign the declaration.  Businessman Trump, who complained during his 2016 election campaign about the United States paying a disproportionate amount of money to the United Nations, made the point again on Monday.  We must ensure that no one and no member state shoulders a disproportionate share of the burden and that s militarily or financially.   The United States is the biggest U.N. contributor, providing 22 percent of its $5.4 billion biennial core budget and 28.5 percent of its $7.3 billion peacekeeping budget. The contributions are agreed on by the 193-member General Assembly. Guterres, who also took office in January, told the meeting:  To serve the people we support and the people who support us, we must be nimble and effective, flexible and efficient.  He agreed that U.N bureaucracy was a problem that kept him up at night.      Our shared objective is a 21st century U.N. focused more on people and less on process,  Guterres said.  Value for money while advancing shared values   that is our common goal.  Trump also said that all peacekeeping missions should  have clearly defined goals and metrics for evaluating success.  The United States is reviewing each of the U.N. peacekeeping missions as annual mandates come up for Security Council renewal in a bid to cut costs. The United States is a veto-wielding council member, along with Britain, France, Russia and China. On Sunday night, U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson met with U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees Filippo Grandi.  When asked if the U.N. refugee agency could perform its current missions if the United States cut its voluntary contributions to the budget, according to a pool report Grandi answered:  I would say no.   U.S. aid is vital to what we do to support refugees around the world and to find solutions to their situations,  Grandi said. ",1
19715,"Factbox: Trump on Twitter (September 18) - CIA, U.N., Macron, Netanyahu","The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump, @realDonaldTrump and @POTUS.  The opinions expressed are his own. Reuters has not edited the statements or confirmed their accuracy.  @realDonaldTrump : - Happy 70th Birthday @USAirForce!  [0914 EDT] - Happy 70th Birthday @CIA!  [0916 EDT] - We commend SG @AntonioGuterres & his call for the UN to focus more on people & less on bureaucracy. #USAatUNGA #UNGA 45.wh.gov/K2mggs  [1236 EDT] - Looking forward to meeting with Prime Minister @Netanyahu shortly. Peace in the Middle East would be a truly great legacy for ALL people!  [1257 EDT]  - Such an honor to have my good friend, Israel PM @Netanyahu, join us w/ his delegation in NYC this afternoon. #UNGA 45.wh.gov/Israel [1931 EDT]  - It was a great honor to be with President @EmmanuelMacron of France this afternoon with his delegation. Great bilateral meeting! #UNGA [2301 EDT] -- Source link: (bit.ly/2jBh4LU) (bit.ly/2jpEXYR) ",1
19716,Mattis hints at military options on North Korea but offers no details,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis hinted on Monday about the existence of military options on North Korea that might spare Seoul from a brutal counterattack but declined to say what kind of options he was talking about or whether they involved the use of lethal force. U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said on Sunday the U.N. Security Council had run out of options on containing North Korea s nuclear program and that the United States might have to turn the matter over to the Pentagon. Any conflict on the Korean peninsula could easily result in a degree of bloodshed unseen since the 1950-53 Korean War, which claimed the lives of more than 50,000 Americans and millions of Koreans and ended in an armed truce, not a peace treaty. Seoul is within artillery range of North Korea, which beyond nuclear and conventional weapons is also believed to have a sizable chemical and biological arsenal. Asked whether there were any military options the United States could take with North Korea that would not put Seoul at grave risk, Mattis said:  Yes there are. But I will not go into details.    Pressed on whether that might include so-called  kinetic  options that use lethal force, Mattis said:  I don t want to go into that.  Military options available to Trump range from non-lethal actions like a naval blockade aimed at enforcing sanctions to waging cyber attacks and positioning new U.S. weaponry in South Korea, where the United States has 28,500 troops. South Korea has raised the possibility of reintroducing nuclear weapons to the peninsula. Mattis acknowledged discussing that with his South Korean counterpart but declined to say whether that option was under consideration.  We have open dialogue with our allies on any issue that they want to bring up,  he said. U.S. President Donald Trump has hinted that any use of lethal force against North Korea would be overwhelming, using phrases like  fire and fury  that evoke images of nuclear war. The U.S. military said on Monday it had staged bombing drills with South Korea, flying a pair of B-1B bombers and F-35 fighter jets over the Korean peninsula, in a show of force against North Korea. Still, despite heated rhetoric and posturing in the United States and North Korea, there has been no positioning of U.S. military assets to suggest a military conflict is imminent.  Trump has vowed that North Korea will never be allowed to threaten the United States with a nuclear-tipped missile, but he has also asked China to do more to rein in its neighbor. China in turn favors an international response to the problem. Mattis told reporters that he believed diplomacy and sanctions were so far succeeding in putting more pressure on Pyongyang.  So, yes, it s working,  he said. Even as tensions rise, the United States and its allies have stuck to a hands-off policy when North Korea test-fires its missiles. Mattis confirmed that policy on Monday, saying it would not shoot down a North Korean missile unless it poses a direct threat to the United States or its allies. He said Pyongyang s calculus appeared to be designed to race forward with its missile program,  without going over some kind of a line in their minds that would make them vulnerable.  ",1
19717,Exclusive: Bangladesh PM says expects no help from Trump on refugees fleeing Myanmar,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina said she spoke to U.S. President Donald Trump on Monday about Rohingya Muslims flooding into her country from Myanmar, but she expects no help from him as he has made clear how he feels about refugees. As Trump left an event he hosted at the United Nations on reforming the world body, Hasina said she stopped him for a few minutes.  He just asked how is Bangladesh? I said  it s doing very well, but the only problem that we have is the refugees from Myanmar ,  Hasina told Reuters in an interview.  But he didn t make any comment about refugees.  A Myanmar military response to insurgent attacks last month in the country s Rakhine state sent more than 410,000 Rohingya Muslims fleeing to neighboring Bangladesh, escaping what the United Nations has branded as ethnic cleansing. The Myanmar government says about 400 people have been killed in the fighting.  Hasina, who is due to address the annual gathering of world leaders at the United Nations General Assembly on Thursday, said Trump s stance on refugees was clear, so it was not worth asking him for help with the Rohingya Muslim refugees.   Already America declared that they will not allow any refugees,  she said.  What I can expect from them, and especially (the) president. He already declared his mind ... so why I should ask?   Bangladesh is not a rich country ... but if we can feed 160 million people, another 500 or 700,000 people, we can do it.  A senior White House official was unaware of the exchange but said Trump was deeply interested in the subject and that  he would definitely engage if it were brought up.  Shortly after taking office in January, Trump tried to put a 120-day halt on the U.S. refugee program, bar Syrian refugees indefinitely and impose a 90-day suspension on people from six predominantly Muslim countries.    The travel ban into the United States should be far larger, tougher and more specific-but stupidly, that would not be politically correct!  Trump said on Twitter on Friday.  Trump says the move is needed to prevent terrorist attacks and allow the government to put in place more stringent vetting procedures. There is a key Supreme Court hearing next month on the constitutionality of his executive order on the ban. About a million Rohingya lived in Rakhine State until the recent violence. Most face travel restrictions and are denied citizenship in a country where many Buddhists regard them as illegal immigrants from Bangladesh.  Hasina said she wanted to see more international political pressure on Myanmar to allow the Rohingya to return.   (Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi) should agree that these people belong to her country and that Myanmar is their country. They should take them back,  she said.  These people are suffering.  Nobel laureate Suu Kyi has faced a barrage of international criticism for not stopping the violence. Myanmar national security adviser Thaung Tun told Reuters on Monday that Myanmar would ensure those who left their homes could return, but there was  a process we have to discuss.  U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley urged the Myanmar government to end military operations, grant humanitarian access, and commit to aiding the safe return of civilians to their homes.  People are still at risk of being attacked or killed, humanitarian aid is not reaching the people who need it, and innocent civilians are still fleeing across the border to Bangladesh,  Haley said after Britain hosted a meeting on the crisis in New York on Monday. A U.S. deputy assistant secretary of state, Patrick Murphy, is due in Myanmar this week. ",1
19718,"France defends Iran nuclear deal, which Trump calls deeply flawed","UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - France made a new plea on Monday for the United States to preserve the 2015 Iran nuclear deal and suggested its provisions expiring after a decade could be strengthened, as U.S. President Donald Trump again criticized the agreement as  deeply flawed.  The pact between Tehran and six world powers, which calls for Iran to curb its nuclear program in return for relief from economic sanctions, is under threat as Trump must decide by Oct. 15 whether to certify Iran is keeping its end of the bargain. If Trump, who as recently as Thursday accused Iran of violating  the spirit  of the deal, chooses not to certify, the pact could unravel, possibly triggering a regional arms race. The Republican president, who has called the agreement struck under his Democratic predecessor, Barack Obama,  the worst deal ever negotiated,  made no secret of his views during a meeting with French President Emmanuel Macron.  The president believes that the JCPOA is deeply flawed, and he did share his views with President Macron about how he believes the deal is flawed,  Brian Hook, director of policy planning at the U.S. State Department, told reporters. The pact is formally called the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action.  The president was very candid with him about what he thinks are the shortcomings. ... He told him that it is under review and that they are taking a hard look at the Oct. 15th decision and more broadly how to fix the Iran deal,  Hook said. Hook said the two also discussed an integrated strategy against Iran that would take into account what he described as Iran s support for terrorism, its ballistic missile program, its destabilization in the Middle East and other aggressions. Asked if he planned to stick with the pact, Trump earlier told reporters as he began a meeting with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Monday:  You ll be seeing very soon. Israeli officials have said changes Israel wants in the JCPOA include lengthening the 10-year freeze on Iran s nuclear development program or even making that suspension permanent and destroying centrifuges rather than just halting their operation.  The deal was negotiated with Iran by the United States, Russia, China, Britain, Germany and France. The six will meet with Iran at the ministerial level on Wednesday.          The prospect of Washington reneging on the agreement has worried some of the U.S. allies that helped negotiate it, especially as the world grapples with another nuclear crisis, North Korea s nuclear and ballistic missile development.  It is essential to maintain it to avoid proliferation. In this period when we see the risks with North Korea, we must maintain this line,  French Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian told reporters.  France will try to convince President Trump of the pertinence of this choice (keeping the accord), even if work can be done to complement the accord after 2025,  he said. A senior French official said Trump had not given Macron an indication on whether he had made up his mind during their Monday bilateral.  However, the official said Macron had put on the table the prospect of new nuclear negotiations after 2025 during his bilateral with Iranian President Hasan Rouhani and warned him that Tehran should stop provoking the United States with its regional activities.  We feel the post 2025 subject is a red line, but our president put it on the table because it s a concern and a legitimate request that we must make,  the official said.  2025 will arrive quickly and we have to be ready before Jan 1. 2025, so he asked that we think together how to work on this question.   If Trump does not certify that Iran is complying with the agreement, the U.S. Congress will have 60 days to decide whether to reimpose sanctions waived under the deal. Iran Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei warned on Sunday that Tehran would react strongly to any  wrong move  by Washington on the nuclear deal. Paris took one of the hardest lines against Tehran in the negotiations, but has been quick to restore trade ties and Macron has said repeatedly there is no alternative to the deal.  French officials say Iran is respecting the JCPOA and that, were the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) to say otherwise, a mechanism exists to reimpose sanctions. The IAEA is the body ensuring the accord is carried out, but the United States and Iran quarreled over how Tehran s nuclear activities should be policed at an IAEA meeting on Monday after a U.S. call last month for wider inspections. U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson argued on Friday that Washington must consider the full threat it says Iran poses to the Middle East when crafting its new policy toward Tehran. A senior French diplomat underlined that the nuclear deal was achieved in large part because it was not linked to all the other grievances the United States may have had with Iran. With Europeans not on the same page as the Trump administration, Iranian officials say they have an opportunity to divide the P5+1 group that negotiated the deal with Iran. A senior Iranian diplomat and a former nuclear negotiator said he believed the Europeans had no intention of following Trump s overtly aggressive Iran policy.  They are wise. Look at the region. Crisis everywhere. From Iraq to Lebanon. Iran is a reliable regional partner for Europe, not only a trade partner but a political one as well,  the diplomat said.  European powers have been committed to the deal. The IAEA has repeatedly confirmed Iran s commitment to the deal. Trump s insistence on his hostile policy towards Iran will further deepen the gap among the P5+1 countries,  the diplomat said. ",1
19719,"As North Korea threat looms, Trump to address world leaders at U.N.","UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - North Korea s nuclear threat looms large this week over the annual gathering of world leaders at the United Nations in New York, where diplomats are eager to hear U.S. President Donald Trump address the 193-member body for the first time.  North Korean diplomats will have a front-row seat in the U.N. General Assembly for Trump s speech on Tuesday morning, which will touch on the escalating crisis that has seen Trump and Pyongyang trade threats of military action.  Despite his skepticism about the value of international organizations and the United Nations in particular, Trump will seek support for tough measures against North Korea, while pressing his  America First  message to the world body.  This is not an issue between the United States and North Korea. This is an issue between the world and North Korea,  Trump s national security adviser, H.R. McMaster, said on Friday. U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres - who, like Trump, took office in January - plans to meet separately with  concerned parties,  including North Korean Foreign Minister Ri Yong-ho, on the sidelines of the 72nd General Assembly.  The solution can only be political. Military action could cause devastation on a scale that would take generations to overcome,  Guterres warned on Wednesday.  A week ago, the 15-member U.N. Security Council unanimously adopted its ninth sanctions resolution since 2006 over North Korea s nuclear and ballistic missile programs.  U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said U.N. sanctions had banned 90 percent of the Asian state s publicly reported exports, saying of Pyongyang on Friday:  This is totally in their hands on how they respond.  Haley told CNN s  State of the Union  program on Sunday that Washington had  pretty much exhausted  its options on North Korea at the Security Council. Ri is due to address the General Assembly on Friday. Some leaders will also push Trump not to give up on a 2015 deal curbing Iran s nuclear ambitions in return for a lifting of U.N., U.S. and European sanctions, while Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said it was time to  fix it - or cancel it.  The foreign ministers of Iran, the United States, Britain, Germany, Russia, China and France - the parties to the agreement - are due to meet on Wednesday ahead of an October deadline for Trump to tell Congress if he believes Tehran is sticking to what he has described as  the worst deal ever negotiated.  When asked on Friday what Moscow s message would be for Washington, Russia s U.N. ambassador, Vassily Nebenzia, said:  Stay in the JCPOA (the nuclear deal).  A senior U.N. Security Council diplomat, speaking on condition of anonymity, said:  We are faced with real uncertainties with respect to North Korea and it s a bit dangerous ... to add another source of uncertainty with respect to Iran.  Iran s Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said on Sunday his country would not be bullied by the United States and would react strongly to any  wrong move  by Washington on the nuclear deal.  Iran and North Korea will also feature heavily during a ministerial Security Council meeting on Thursday, at the request of the United States, to discuss the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction.  While leaders and diplomats are also due to meet on longer-running crises including Libya, Syria, South Sudan, Mali, Central African Republic, Yemen and Iraq, a last-minute addition has been Myanmar, where the United Nations has branded violence against Rohingya Muslims as  ethnic cleansing.   Britain is due to host a ministerial meeting on Monday to seek a way to get Myanmar authorities to end a military offensive in the country s Rakhine state that has sent more than 400,000 minority Rohingya Muslims fleeing to Bangladesh. Following Trump s announcement that the United States would withdraw from a landmark 2015 global agreement to fight climate change, several high-level gatherings are planned on the sidelines of the General Assembly to bolster the deal.  Climate change is a serious threat,  Guterres told reporters.  Hurricanes and floods around the world remind us that extreme weather events are expected to become more frequent and severe, due to climate change.  U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson appeared to hold the door open for the United States to remain in the Paris climate accord  under the right conditions.   The president said he is open to finding those conditions where we can remain engaged with others on what we all agree is still a challenging issue,  Tillerson said on CBS   Face The Nation  program on Sunday.  Trump will seek to boost support for reforming the United Nations, which he once called  a club for people to get together, talk and have a good time.  The United States is the largest U.N. contributor and Trump has complained that Washington pays too much.  The United Nations, of course, holds tremendous potential to realize its founding ideals, but only if it s run more efficiently and effectively,  McMaster said on Friday.     ",1
19720,"Syrian army sends more troops across Euphrates, near U.S.-backed forces","BEIRUT (Reuters) - Syrian troops crossed to the eastern side of the Euphrates in Deir al-Zor on Monday, state media and a monitoring group said, increasing their presence in an area where U.S.-backed militias have also advanced. The rival forces are conducting offensives against Islamic State and have generally stayed out of each other s way, with the river often acting as a dividing line.  However, incidents this year have raised tension between the government side, backed by Russia, and the U.S.-backed forces. Talks have been under way to extend a formal demarcation line, officials have said. A commander in a militia of the U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) confirmed Syrian army units had crossed and said his fighters were ready to drive them back.  If there are clashes between us and them - we re ready for those if the forces of the regime don t go back to the other bank,  Ahmed Abu Khawla of the SDF s Deir al-Zor military council said. Russia s foreign ministry said on Friday Syrian government forces crossed the river for the first time in their offensive against the jihadist group in Deir al-Zor province. Monday s crossing took place near a southern suburb of the city seized by the army on Saturday, the British-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said. Syrian state news agency SANA said heavy fighting took place against Islamic State in the area. The militant group said via its online Amaq news agency that it had deployed at least two suicide car bombs against government forces. The convergence of the Syrian army offensive from the west and the SDF operation from the east has led to increased tensions. The SDF said they came under attack from Syrian forces and Russian jets backing them on Saturday, after Abu Khawla said they would not allow the army to cross the river and would consider shots fired in their direction as an attack. The SDF has advanced to within kilometres of the river, while the Syrian army has retaken much of the city, most of it on the western side. President Bashar al-Assad has vowed to recapture all of Syria. Assad controls the main urban centres in the west of the country.  The SDF, dominated by the Kurdish YPG militia, controls much of Syria s northeast. Syrian rebel groups which have fought against Assad since 2011 hold pockets of territory in western Syria. Islamic State s shrinking territory includes much of oil-rich Deir al-Zor province. ",1
19721,Panama's president says switching China ties not 'checkbook diplomacy',"BEIJING (Reuters) - Panama s decision to ditch long-standing ties with self-ruled Taiwan and switch recognition to China had nothing to do with  checkbook diplomacy , its president has told Chinese state television. Panama established diplomatic relations with China in June in a major victory for Beijing, as it lures away the dwindling number of countries that have formal relations with the island China claims as its own. Taiwan s government said at the time it was sorry and angry over Panama s decision, and that it would not compete with China in what it described as a  diplomatic money game . China and Taiwan have tried to poach each other s allies over the years, often dangling generous aid packages in front of developing nations, although Taipei struggles to compete with an increasingly powerful China. Panamanian President Juan Carlos Varela said the decision was correct and was Panama s alone.  I didn t ask anything from China,  Varela told Chinese state television s English-language channel in an interview shown late Monday.  I just think it was the right thing to do for my country, for the people of Panama and for the future of a strong relationship between China and Panama,  he said in response to a question about whether it was  checkbook diplomacy . Varela said he told U.S. President Donald Trump about the decision a few hours before the official announcement and Trump supported it, the report said. Varela also said that visits to Shanghai and Beijing when he was vice president in 2010 inspired his decision.  In 2010, I went to Shanghai for the World Special Olympic Games and I was very impressed with the city and then I went to Beijing and saw how China was opening its economy, I saw all these developments,  he said. China is deeply suspicious of Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen, who it thinks wants to push for the island s formal independence, although she says she wants to maintain peace with Beijing. China and Taiwan had engaged in a diplomatic truce between 2008 and early 2016 under the leadership of Taiwan s then-president Ma Ying-jeou from the China-friendly Nationalist Party. Since Tsai assumed office last year, China has poached one other former Taiwan ally, the tiny west African state of Sao Tome and Principe. Gambia also established ties with China last year, although it ditched Taiwan before Tsai came to office. Beijing says Taiwan has no right to diplomatic recognition because it is part of China. Defeated Nationalist forces fled to Taiwan at the end of China s civil war in 1949. ",1
19722,Trump says democracy must be restored in Venezuela soon,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - President Donald Trump said on Monday he wanted democracy restored soon in Venezuela and warned that the United States might take additional measures to apply pressure on the oil-producing nation. At a dinner with Latin American leaders on the fringes of the U.N. General Assembly, Trump said the Venezuelan people were starving and their country, once one of the wealthiest, was collapsing.     Brazilian President Michel Temer told reporters afterwards that all present at the dinner agreed on the need to ramp up international pressure on the Socialist government of President Nicol s Maduro but without intervening directly in Venezuela. The United States has applied financial sanctions against Venezuela, the supplier of 10 percent of the oil it consumes, and Trump said his government is prepared to take additional steps if Maduro continues on a path to authoritarian rule. Saying the situation in Venezuela was  completely unacceptable,  Trump called for a full restoration of democracy and political freedoms.  We want it to happen very soon.  Besides Temer, Trump invited presidents Juan Manuel Santos of Colombia, Juan Carlos Varela of Panama and Argentine Vice President Gabriela Michetti to the dinner with their foreign ministers. At least 125 people have been killed in four months of protests against the Maduro government, which has resisted calls to bring forward the presidential election and instead set up a pro-Maduro legislative superbody called a Constituent Assembly that has overruled the country s opposition-led Congress.   To make matters worse, Maduro has defied his own people stealing power from their elected representatives to preserve his disastrous rule,  Trump said at the dinner.       Maduro has blamed Venezuela s financial troubles on an alleged  economic war  by domestic opponents and the United States. Latin American governments have called for negotiations to resolve the crisis through a peaceful transition to democracy, especially Colombia and Brazil which have long borders with Venezuela and are receiving tens of thousands of Venezuelans fleeing the economic chaos and political turmoil. While the Trump administration has imposed financial sanctions and Trump has called for tougher action, Latin American leaders have stuck to diplomatic sanctions and ruled out a military intervention, an option Trump has mentioned.  Evidently, everyone at the table wants a democratic solution in Venezuela, but no one wants a foreign intervention,  Temer said. Sanctions were not discussed at the dinner, the Brazilian leader said.  We are talking about verbal sanctions, with democratic words, diplomatic words,  Temer said. ",1
19723,Trump to speak in 'tough terms' about North Korea in first U.N. speech,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - President Donald Trump will speak forcefully about the threat posed by North Korea during his first address to the United Nations on Tuesday while knocking those he sees as enabling Pyongyang.  He will speak in extremely tough terms about the North Korean menace and the threat it poses to our security and the security of all the nations in that room,  a White House official told reporters in a call previewing Trump s remarks at the U.N. General Assembly.  And he will talk about, as well, the enablement of the North Korean regime and what that means too,  the official said.  The official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, did not elaborate, but his mention of  enablement  was likely a reference to China, which has frustrated Trump by failing to rein in North Korean leader Kim Jong Un. North Korea s nuclear tests and missile launches have stirred global tensions Trump spoke to Chinese President Xi Jinping earlier on Monday and committed to keep up pressure on North Korea by enforcing U.N. resolutions, the White House said. On Tuesday, Trump is also expected to go hard against Iran during a speech that the official said would espouse the importance of state sovereignty.  It s an appeal to each nation to use sovereignty as the basis for mutual cooperation, the idea being that rather than appealing to a top-down model of global bureaucracy, it s a model that s from the nation-state up,  he said. Border control, trade and international agreements that are unfavorable to the United States represented threats to U.S. sovereignty, the official said. The theme is consistent with Trump s  America First  philosophy that helped him win election last year. [nL2N1LF26C] Trump has been critical of international organizations, including NATO and the United Nations. On Monday, he criticized the 193-nation body for a bloated bureaucracy and mismanagement, but said reforms would help it emerge stronger and more effective. ",1
19724,Venezuela opposition blames Maduro for detained activist's death,"CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuela s opposition blamed President Nicolas Maduro s government on Monday for the death of a sick activist in detention, saying he was framed and then denied medical help. Carlos Garcia, a local legislator in western Apure state, suffered a stroke in August after being arrested in late 2016 during protests and having money planted on him, his party said. Two days before his death on Sunday, Garcia was granted house arrest but was never transported home, the Justice First party added in a statement, saying the accusations were invented and he was never allowed adequate medical help.  He should never have been in prison and should never have died at the hands of a repressive government whose hands today more than ever are stained with blood,  said the party s secretary general, Tomas Guanipa. Venezuela s opposition parties accuse Maduro, the 54-year-old successor of Hugo Chavez, of being a dictator and maintaining hundreds of political prisoners on trumped-up charges.  He denies that, saying all activists behind bars are there on legitimate charges, including for  terrorism  and coup-plotting against his socialist government.  Venezuela s Supreme Court said Garcia had been  detained on suspicion of theft, instigation of disorder, and arson.  He had received  appropriate medical attention  in hospital for a condition of  immuno-deficient infectious disease,  which may have led to the fatal brain problem, it added in a statement.  We request the nation s political leaders to abstain from giving irresponsible opinions with false information intended to cause alarm in the population. On the contrary, we must give Christian respect to this Venezuelan citizen s memory.     ",1
19725,Trump says wants democracy restored in Venezuela soon,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Monday he wants a restoration of democracy in Venezuela soon, warning the United States might take additional measures to apply pressure on the country. At a dinner with Latin American leaders on the fringes of the U.N. General Assembly, Trump said the Venezuelan people are starving and their country is collapsing. He said the United States is prepared to take additional steps if Venezuela continues on a path to authoritarian rule. He called for a full restoration of democracy and political freedoms in Venezuela and said  we want it to happen very soon.  ",1
19726,Britain says Syrian reconstruction only after political transition 'away from Assad',"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Britain, the United States and other countries opposed to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad will not support the reconstruction of the country until there is a political transition  away from Assad,  British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson said on Monday.  We believe that the only way forward is to get a political process going and to make it clear to the Iranians, Russians and Assad regime that we, the like-minded group, will not support the reconstruction of Syria until there is such a political process and that means, as Resolution 2254 says, to a transition away from Assad,  he said. Johnson was speaking after a meeting of about 14 countries that back the Syrian opposition including France, Saudi Arabia, Turkey and the United States.  ",1
19727,U.S. ends temporary protected status for Sudanese but extends it for South Sudanese,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States is ending temporary protected status for citizens of Sudan as of 2018 but extending it for citizens of South Sudan through mid-2019, the Department of Homeland Security said in a statement on Monday. Temporary protected status allows nationals of certain countries, often facing armed conflict or major natural disasters, who are already in the United States to temporarily remain and work there. Both Sudan and South Sudan s designations were due to expire on Nov. 2. Instead, Sudanese nationals are allowed to stay legally for another year, but then must leave. DHS urged them in a statement to use their remaining time to  prepare for and arrange their departure from the United States  or apply for other visa types allowing them to stay. But acting DHS Secretary Elaine Duke decided to extend South Sudan s TPS status until May 2, 2019, DHS said,  because the ongoing armed conflict and extraordinary and temporary conditions  that prompted the 2016 decision to grant the status to South Sudanese have persisted. South Sudan was the world s youngest country when it became independent from neighboring Sudan in 2011 following decades of conflict. But the new nation dissolved into civil war less than two years later, after President Salva Kiir, an ethnic Dinka, fired his deputy, Riek Machar, a Nuer. Since then tens of thousands have died, and 3.5 million of the country s 12 million citizens have fled their homes, creating Africa s largest refugee crisis since Rwanda s 1994 genocide. El Salvador, Haiti, Honduras, Nepal, Nicaragua, Somalia, Syria and Yemen are the other countries whose nationals can qualify for temporary protected status in the United States. ",1
19728,"Despite by-election loss, Pakistan opposition claims momentum for 2018","LAHORE, Pakistan (Reuters) - Pakistani opposition leader Imran Khan s party said on Monday it had built momentum in a by-election for ousted Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif s parliamentary seat, despite finishing second, but the biggest inroads were made by two new Islamist groupings. Sharif s wife Kulsoom won the by-election with 49.3 percent of the vote in the eastern city of Lahore - a handsome margin of victory but down from the 61 percent garnered by the ruling Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N) party in the constituency in an election in 2013. The vote was seen as a barometer of support for Nawaz in the wake of his disqualification by the Supreme Court in July, and an indication of whether the corruption allegations leveled at the Sharif family have had an impact in their power base in the vast Punjab province. A general election is due next year. The election commission s preliminary results released on Monday showed that the candidate of Khan s Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) party took 37.6 percent of the vote, up from 35 percent in the last poll. Shah Mehmood Qureshi, the PTI deputy chairman, said the shrinking of the PML-N s winning margin from 26 percentage points to about 12 in a constituency where it has been so dominant showed its vulnerability in closer-run races in Punjab in 2018.  If this happens in one of the strongest constituencies of PML-N, the prime minister s constituency which they ve had since 1985   That means there is a surge for PTI, there is a tilt for PTI,  said Qureshi. PTI candidate Yasmin Rashid, a gynaecologist from the area, on Monday disputed the count and filed a petition with the electoral commission to suspend the results.  We will continue our struggle for verification of the controversial votes which played an important role in the PML-N victory,  Rashid said. It was two candidates backed by religious parties that appeared to most chip away at PML-N s vote share, however, together winning about 11 percent. Neither party - one of which is linked to U.S.-designated terrorist Hafiz Saeed - existed in 2013. Analysts say the by-election result will certainly concern Sharif s party.  The committed and hardline vote did not shift from PML-N, but others who are not hard core or are somewhat independent, they seem to have shifted,  said Hasan Askari, a political analyst. PTI officials are betting that corruption trials against Nawaz and his family due to start before the next poll, likely in mid-2018, will further erode support for the veteran leader who has served three stints as prime minister. Nawaz denies any wrongdoing and his family have alleged a conspiracy led to the Supreme Court disqualifying him for not declaring a small source of income, which he denies receiving. Nawaz s daughter Maryam, who spearheaded the campaign as her mother is receiving cancer treatment in London, had framed the by-election as a chance for voters to reject the Supreme Court s verdict against her father, and late on Sunday suggested some PML-N workers had been threatened and abducted. Maryam did not name anyone, but PML-N sources said she was accusing elements of the military establishment. The military has not commented on Maryam s remarks. PML-N officials tout Kulsoom s victory as proof that Nawaz remains popular with voters and say the closer margin is largely due to the strong showing by the two candidates backed by religious parties. One of the surprises of Monday s official results was the third-place finish of Shaikh Azhar Hussain Rizvi, an independent candidate backed by Tehreek-i-Labaik, a coalition of Islamist groups. The Labaik-backed candidate won 6 percent of the vote campaigning on a platform of support for Pakistan s strict blasphemy laws. His campaign posters praised executed killer Mumtaz Qadri, a bodyguard who assassinated Punjab s governor for suggesting the laws might be reviewed. After his execution, Qadri was hailed by some religious sects as a martyr for Islam. Yaqoob Sheikh, who was himself designated a terrorist by the United States in 2012, captured nearly 5 percent of the vote. Sheikh is backed by the new Milli Muslim League (MML) party that is loyal to Hafiz Saeed, who Washington accuses of being the mastermind behind the 2008 attacks in Mumbai that killed 166 people.  A retired general and analysts have said that the MML - which has yet to be legally recognized, forcing Sheikh to appear on the ballot as an independent - was likely part of a  mainstreaming  project envisioned by the military to draw some militant groups into politics. The MML on Monday said it planned to contest another by-election in the northwestern city of Peshawar next month.  Despite their relatively strong gains, neither the MML nor the Tehreek-i-Labaik is seen as having much chance of winning many seats in 2018. (Ths story has been refiled to add dropped word in paragraph 5) ",1
19729,"Trump talks Paris agreement, Iran with France's Macron: official","NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump told French President Emmanuel Macron on Monday that he believed the Paris climate agreement was unfair to the United States but looked forward to discussing the issue further, a U.S. official said. Brian Hook, director of policy planning at the U.S. State Department, told reporters in New York that Trump also told Macron the Iran nuclear deal was deeply flawed. ",1
19730,Western powers urge Myanmar's Suu Kyi to push for end to violence,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Britain, France and Australia urged Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi on Monday to push for an end to military violence against Rohingya Muslims, while her national security adviser said those who had fled could return but the process had to be discussed. The military response to insurgent attacks last month in the western region of Myanmar sent more than 410,000 Rohingya Muslims fleeing to neighboring Bangladesh, escaping what the United Nations has branded as ethnic cleansing.  The government says about 400 people have been killed in the fighting.   We will make sure that everybody who left their home can return to their home but this is a process we have to discuss,  Myanmar national security adviser Thaung Tun told Reuters on Monday after a ministerial meeting on the crisis hosted by Britain on the sidelines of the United Nations General Assembly.  We want to make sure that everybody who needs humanitarian assistance gets it, without discrimination. That is one of the things we agreed on,  he said. Nobel laureate Suu Kyi has faced a barrage of international criticism for not stopping the violence. She is due to speak to the nation on Tuesday about the crisis, which the United States has described as a  defining moment  for Myanmar.  We expect from Mrs Aung Sang Suu Kyi tomorrow a strong statement in this direction,  French Foreign Minister Jean-Yves le Drian told reporters in New York.  British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson hosted a ministerial meeting to discuss ways to resolve the Rohingya crisis, which included ministers from Canada, Denmark, Turkey, Australia, Indonesia, Sweden, Bangladesh, U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley and a representative of the European Union.   What we are trying to get everyone to agree is that, number one, the killings have got to stop, and the violence has got to stop. And we look not just to the military but also to Daw Suu to show a lead on that,  Johnson told Reuters before the meeting. In a statement afterwards, Johnson said that while Myanmar had  made encouraging progress towards democracy in the last few years, the situation in Rakhine, the terrible human rights abuses and violence are a stain on the country s reputation.   It is vital that Aung San Suu Kyi and the civilian government make clear these abuses must stop,  he said. Johnson said he was  encouraged by our discussion and by the participation of the senior Burmese representatives, but we now need to see action to stop the violence and open up immediate humanitarian access.  China, which, like the United States has worked to forge closer ties with Myanmar, a strategically important country in Southeast Asia, will not attend, a Chinese spokesman said, citing  a really packed calendar  for Foreign Minister Wang Yi. Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu told Reuters ahead of the British meeting that a lasting political solution needed to be found for the Rohingya in Myanmar. About a million Rohingya lived in Rakhine State until the recent violence. Most face draconian travel restrictions and are denied citizenship in a country where many Buddhists regard them as illegal immigrants from Bangladesh. Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop told Reuters she wanted to hear Suu Kyi offer a solution  to what is a tragedy of enormous proportions.  She said that during the ministerial meeting in New York there  was unanimity in the view that the violence must end and that there be a ceasefire.  And we emphasized the need for humanitarian support to get through and also that the Rohingya must be able to return home,  Bishop said. The United States urged the Myanmar government to end military operations in Rakhine state, grant humanitarian access, and commit to aiding the safe return of civilians to their homes, Haley said in a statement after the meeting.   People are still at risk of being attacked or killed, humanitarian aid is not reaching the people who need it, and innocent civilians are still fleeing across the border to Bangladesh,  Haley said. Washington has also called for an end to the violence and a restoration of humanitarian aid, and a deputy assistant secretary of state, Patrick Murphy, is due in Myanmar this week.  We urge the (Myanmar) government to act quickly to restore the rule of law, investigate alleged human rights abuses and violations, and to hold security forces and others responsible for abuses and violations fully accountable for their actions,  a spokeswoman for the U.S. State Department said. U.S.-Myanmar ties improved after the military began withdrawing from government in 2011, and paved the way for a 2015 election won by Suu Kyi s party. But the military retains a strong hand in government and remains responsible for security. A Trump administration official told Reuters last week the violence made it harder to build warmer ties with Myanmar, and there would likely be some  easing  in the short term, but he did not expect a return to sanctions. For years, the United States and Western allies imposed sanctions on Myanmar in support of Suu Kyi s campaign for democracy. Myanmar s response was to forge closer ties with China. Human Rights Watch U.N. director Louis Charbonneau called for  strong U.N. action to compel Myanmar security services to end their ethnic cleansing campaign.   With so many influential leaders gathered in New York, the next step should be work on a U.N. General Assembly resolution condemning the abuses and a Security Council resolution to impose targeted sanctions and an arms embargo on the commanders leading this brutal campaign  he said.  However, Myanmar earlier this month said it was negotiating with China and Russia, both permanent veto wielding members of the Security Council, to block any bid to censure the country over the violence. ",1
19731,Bahrain accuses Qatar of seizing three boats: agency,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Bahrain accused Qatar on Monday of illegally seizing three boats with 16 sailors on board, state news agency BNA reported, worsening an already deeply troubled diplomatic situation in the region. Coast Guard Commander Commodore Alaa Siyadi told BNA the boats were seized over the past three days. The report gave no details on the boats or where they were seized. Qatar confirmed it detained fishing boats after they entered its territorial waters illegally, and said the sailors will be released soon. Siyadi said the seizure raised to 15 the number of boats seized, and the number of sailors in Qatari custody to 20, adding that some of the boat seizures date back to 2009, BNA reported.   All unauthorized fishing boats receive a warning to leave Qatari waters, and if they are non-compliant, they are referred to the competent authorities,  a source at Qatar s Interior Ministry said.  The crew will be released within three days, while the ships will be detained until the court makes a decision.  Bahrain, together with Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates and Egypt, imposed diplomatic, trade and travel sanctions on Qatar in June, accusing it of supporting terrorism, which Doha denies.     ",1
19732,"Brazil's new top prosecutor is sworn in, says will maintain graft fight","BRASILIA (Reuters) - The new prosecutor general tasked with leading Brazil s anti-corruption drive was sworn in on Monday, and said she would continue her predecessor s campaign against graft in Latin America s biggest nation. Raquel Dodge took over as head of the prosecutor-general s office from Rodrigo Janot, during whose tenure investigators uncovered Brazil s largest graft scheme, involving billions of dollars in political kickbacks in return for contracts at state-run companies. In brief remarks at the prosecutor-general headquarters in capital, Brasilia, Dodge said that the Brazilian people expected her to carry on cleaning up corruption.  The people maintain their hope for a better nation, they are interested in the nation s destiny,  she said.  They are following the investigations and trials, they will not tolerate corruption and do not just wait on results, but demand them.       As Janot s four-year term as prosecutor-general drew to an end, Brazil s entire body of federal prosecutors cast ballots for his replacement.  Dodge came second in the vote, but under Brazilian law the president has the final word in selecting the nominee. President Michel Temer chose Dodge, who was confirmed by the Senate two weeks later in July.  Her nomination was backed by the core team of federal prosecutors who have uncovered the worst of Brazil s graft, which centered on state-run oil firm Petroleo Brasileiro.  Janot lodged three corruption charges against Temer. One, for allegedly taking bribes, was blocked by the lower house of Congress in early August. Under Brazilian law, a president can only be tried before the Supreme Court if two-thirds of federal deputies vote to allow it.  Last week, Janot filed two more charges against Temer, one for racketeering and the other for obstruction of justice.      The criminal charges filed against the president were based on the plea-bargain testimony of the owners of the world s largest meatpacker, JBS SA. They accused Temer of taking bribes in return for political favors and of conspiring to buy the silence of a witness who could implicate him. Temer has repeatedly said he was innocent and accused Janot of running a political witch hunt against him. At Dodge s swearing-in ceremony, Temer said that  supreme authority is not found in officials, but in the law.   ",1
19733,"U.S. urges Myanmar to stop offensive, allow civilians to return","UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The United States urged the Myanmar government on Monday to end military operations in Rakhine state, grant humanitarian access, and commit to aiding the safe return of civilians to their homes, said U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. Nikki Haley.   People are still at risk of being attacked or killed, humanitarian aid is not reaching the people who need it, and innocent civilians are still fleeing across the border to Bangladesh,  Haley said in a statement. Haley s remarks came after she attended a ministerial meeting hosted by British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson on Myanmar on the sidelines of the U.N. General Assembly. ",1
19734,Russian bombing of U.S.-backed forces being discussed at 'highest levels': Mattis,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Monday that Russia s bombing of U.S-backed fighters in Syria was being discussed at the highest levels and while a communication link between the two countries had worked to avoid such incidents, the strike over the weekend was a departure.  When you look at the fact that this is a change, you can imagine this is at the highest levels,  Mattis told reporters. Russia s Defense Ministry on Sunday rejected the allegations, saying its planes only targeted Islamic State militants and that it had warned the United States well in advance of its operational plans. ",1
19735,Merkel stays mum on finance ministry at Schaeuble's birthday bash,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel praised her veteran finance minister at a party in his honor on Monday, as a potential coalition partner laid claim to his job as their price for supporting her in power. Speaking at Wolfgang Schaeuble s 75th birthday celebration, Merkel paid tribute to his 45 years as a member of parliament, but gave no clear signal that she wanted to retain him in the post after a national election on Sunday that she is on track to win.  We re fighting together at the moment to ensure there are at least four more years,  Merkel told attendees at the event hosted by her Christian Democrats (CDU) in Offenburg, in his constituency in the southwestern state of Baden-Wuerttemberg. In a wheelchair since a deranged man shot him at an election campaign event a few days after German reunification in 1990, Schaeuble lives for his job and has made abundantly clear he would relish another run as finance minister. But his fate may rest in the hands of the parties Merkel ends up governing with. On Monday, the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP), regarded as a natural ally of her conservatives, made a play for his ministry in exchange for joining the next coalition.  The FDP should enter no government in which it cannot name a finance minister,  Alexander Hahn, a member of the party s national executive, told mass-market daily Bild. The FDP is still haunted by its decision not to take the finance ministry in 2009 at the start of Merkel s second term - a move that backfired as Schaeuble quashed the FDP s plans for tax cuts, alienating its pro-business supporters who then booted it out of parliament in 2013. The FDP has reinvented itself with a hard line on Europe and its leader has voiced concerns that Merkel and French President Emmanuel Macron plan to strengthen the euro zone by creating a system of financial transfers between states. Schaeuble, who is the face of German austerity and has insisted that EU countries adhere to Europe s budget rules, could help Merkel keep conservative voters and lawmakers on board as they press ahead with deeper euro zone integration. Horst Seehofer, leader of Merkel s Bavarian sister party, the Christian Social Union (CSU), said he favoured a tie-up with the FDP.  I quite clearly hope for a black-yellow coalition,  he told the Handelsblatt daily referring to the parties  colors. The FDP is currently polling well above the 5 percent threshold it will have to cross to re-enter parliament on Sunday, but surveys suggest it and Merkel s conservatives will probably need a third partner to secure a majority. The chancellor may yet find herself resuming the current grand coalition with the center-left Social Democrats (SPD), whose leader Martin Schulz accused her of personally blocking measures proposed by his party to improve the situation of families with small and medium incomes. During a town hall-style ARD television interview, he said Merkel would start to roll back social policy reforms after the election if she was able to form a conservatives/FDP coalition.  They want to abolish the law to limit rent increases. And then the property market will go through the roof,  he said.     The far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD), which is expected to enter parliament for the first time, meanwhile beefed up its anti-immigration rhetoric.  Germany has become a safe haven for criminals and terrorists from all over the world because thanks to a lack of border checks it s easy to get in,  top AfD candidate Alice Weidel said in Berlin. Merkel, who was dressed in the conservatives  black and the FDP s yellow, paid tribute to Schaeuble as a European, a fighter for German unity, a passionate parliamentarian and an intellectual force who kept calm in hectic situations. But she also wished him time to spend with his family and try out new things, as she presented him with the complete works of Dietrich Bonhoeffer, a German pastor and theologian known for his opposition to the Nazis.  We wish you a good read, new insights, all the best and, in the name of the CDU and from me personally, dear Wolfgang Schaeuble, many heartfelt thanks,  Merkel said. ",1
19736,"U.S. to send over 3,000 troops to Afghanistan: Mattis","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Monday the United States would send over 3,000 troops to Afghanistan and that most were either on their way or had been notified of their deployment.  It is exactly over 3,000 somewhat and frankly I haven t signed the last of the orders right now as we look at specific, small elements that are going,  Mattis told reporters.  Reuters previously reported that the United States would send about 3,500 additional troops to Afghanistan. ",1
19737,U.S. lawmaker wants North Korea out of the U.N.,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The chairman of the U.S. Senate s East Asia subcommittee is asking China and 20 other nations on Monday to clamp down on North Korea by cutting ties, closing down diplomatic facilities and working to oust the country from the United Nations. As North Korea has defied U.N. Security resolutions to conduct nuclear and ballistic missile tests, Washington has been scrambling for an effective response. Many of President Donald Trump s fellow Republicans have been calling for tougher action, imposed more quickly, including calling for stiff  secondary  sanctions and other punishments for companies, banks and countries that do business with North Korea. In a letter seen by Reuters that will be sent to ambassadors from China and 20 other countries, Republican Senator Cory Gardner, the subcommittee chairman, asked that the countries immediately end diplomatic and economic relations with Pyongyang.  Maintaining official diplomatic relations with a regime that continues to defy international law and threaten nations across the globe only serves to reward nefarious behavior,  wrote Gardner.  In addition to cutting off bilateral ties, I urge your government to support expelling the DPRK from the United Nations,  the letter said. Gardner recently introduced legislation that would impose a U.S. economic embargo against any entity that does business with North Korea. The U.S. military staged bombing drills with South Korea over the Korean peninsula and Russia and China began naval exercises ahead of a U.N. General Assembly meeting on Tuesday where North Korea s nuclear threat is likely to loom large. Gardner s letter will be sent to ambassadors to the United States from China, Brazil, Britain, Bulgaria, Cambodia, Cuba, Czech Republic, Egypt, Germany, India, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Mongolia, Nigeria, Pakistan, Poland, Romania, Russia, Sweden and Vietnam. ",1
19738,Trump says giving Mideast peace 'an absolute go',"NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Monday he believed  we really have a chance  to make peace between Israel and the Palestinians. Trump has faced deep skepticism at home and abroad over the chances for him to achieve any quick breakthrough, not least because his administration has yet to articulate a strategy for restarting a moribund peace process. Trump has described peace between Israelis and Palestinians as  the ultimate deal.   Peace between the Palestinians and Israel would be a fantastic achievement, and we are giving it an absolute go. I think there s a good chance that it could happen. Most people would say  there s no chance whatsoever,  Trump said as he began a meeting with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in New York ahead of the U.N. General Assembly s meeting.  I think Israel would like to see it. I think the Palestinians would like to see it. I can tell you the Trump administration would like to see it. So we re working very hard on it; we ll see what happens. Historically, people say it can t happen. I say it can happen.  Trump is also to meet Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas later this week. ",1
19739,Spanish foreign ministry says to expel North Korean ambassador,"MADRID (Reuters) - The Spanish foreign ministry said on Monday it had asked North Korea s ambassador to leave Spain before the end of the month due to his country s repeated refusals to renounce its nuclear weapons program.  Today, the North Korean ambassador was summoned and was told of the decision to consider him as a persona non grata, therefore he must stop working and abandon the country before Sept. 30,  the foreign ministry said in a statement. The United Nations Security Council imposed new sanctions after North Korea s sixth and largest nuclear test this month, and the United States called on countries to sever diplomatic and financial ties with it. ",1
19740,Myanmar adviser: Rohingya can return but process to be discussed,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Myanmar national security adviser Thaung Tun told Reuters on Monday that Rohingya Muslims who had fled to neighboring Bangladesh to escape violence in Rakhine State would be able to return but the process would have to be discussed.   We will make sure that everybody who left their home can return to their home but this is a process we have to discuss,  he said after a ministerial meeting on the crisis hosted by British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson on the sidelines of the U.N. General Assembly.  We want to make sure that everybody who needs humanitarian assistance gets it, without discrimination. That is one of the things we agreed on,  Tun said. ",1
19741,Syria investigator del Ponte signs off with a sting,"GENEVA (Reuters) - Veteran prosecutor Carla del Ponte signed off from the United Nations Syria investigation on Monday by criticizing the U.N. Security Council and telling Syria s ambassador his government had used chemical weapons. The former Swiss attorney general, who went on to prosecute war crimes in Rwanda and former Yugoslavia, said in August she was resigning from the U.N. Commission of Inquiry on Syria because of a lack of political backing. Bidding farewell to the U.N. Human Rights Council, which set up the Commission of Inquiry six years ago, Del Ponte said she had quit out of frustration.  We could not obtain from the international community and the Security Council a resolution putting in place a tribunal, an ad hoc tribunal for all the crimes that are committed in Syria,  she said.  Seven years of crime in Syria and total impunity. That is not acceptable.  Del Ponte told a Swiss newspaper last month enough evidence existed to convict President Bashar al-Assad of war crimes. Her departure leaves only two remaining commissioners of the inquiry, Karen Koning AbuZayd and the chairman, Paulo Pinheiro, who said that eventually, a great many people would have to answer  as to why they did not act sooner to stop the carnage .   The deadlock at the Security Council on Syria is reprehensible and, at times, bewildering,  he told the Human Rights Council.  Leaving the council, del Ponte told Syria s ambassador that she had been right to quickly reach the conclusion that Assad s government had used chemical weapons during an attack on the town of Khan Sheikhoun in April.   It was me, mister ambassador,  she said.  I said that in my opinion and based on the elements we already had, the Syrian government was responsible. Today we have the confirmation after an official commission s inquiry. So now, we ask for justice, we ask justice for those victims.  ",1
19742,Xi and Trump discuss sanctions pressure on North Korea: White House,"BEIJING/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Chinese President Xi Jinping and U.S. President Donald Trump spoke about keeping pressure on North Korea with economic sanctions imposed through the United Nations, the White House said in a statement on Monday. The United States and South Korea and separately Russia together with China, carried out military drills in a show of force against North Korea, which has defied U.N. Security Council resolutions to conduct nuclear tests and ballistic missile tests. Trump and Xi spoke on the phone days after Trump and his aides publicly discussed potential military action against North Korea. On Friday, while delivering an address at a military base outside of Washington, Trump said he was  more confident than ever that our options in addressing this threat are both effective and overwhelming.  Trump is attending the annual United Nations General Assembly in New York this week, while Xi is not. North Korea s nuclear threat is likely to loom large on the agenda.  The two leaders also discussed Trump s coming China visit, the Xinhua News Agency said.   Xi said China and the United States share extensive common interests and have seen sound momentum of exchanges and cooperation in various areas at present,  Xinhua said. Xi called on both sides to work closely to ensure a fruitful trip and inject new impetus into the development of Sino-U.S. relations, the report said.  The Chinese leader said he is happy to maintain communications with the U.S. leader on a regular basis over topics of mutual concern,  it said.  Trump will likely visit China in November as part of a trip that will take him to an ASEAN summit in the Philippines and an APEC summit in Vietnam. ",1
19743,"Russia, China agree North Korea, Syria crises should be resolved by diplomacy","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia and China agreed that the North Korean and Syrian crises should be resolved by diplomatic means, Russia s foreign ministry said in a statement on Monday. It said that Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and his Chinese counter-part, Wang Yi, discussed the crises during the United Nations General Assembly. ",1
19744,Turkish tanks drill on Iraqi border week before Kurdish vote,"ANKARA/BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Turkish tanks carried out drills at the Iraqi border on Monday, the army said, a week before a referendum across that frontier on Kurdish independence that Ankara has called a threat to its national security. The exercises came as Turkey, the central government in Baghdad and their shared neighbor Iran all stepped up protests and warnings about the looming plebiscite in semi-autonomous Kurdish northern Iraq. Iran, which like Turkey fears fuelling separatism in its own Kurdish population, warned of unspecified consequences if the vote went ahead.      Turkey s Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said any threats from inside or outside its territory would face immediate retaliation. The military command released pictures of the tanks speeding along roads and kicking up dust during exercises. Iraq s Supreme Federal Court ordered Kurdistan region to suspend the vote, Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi s office said. Baghdad, its neighbors and Western powers fear the referendum could distract attention from the fight against Islamic State militants across the region. But the Kurdish leadership showed no sign of bowing to pressure to call off the vote, including from the United Nations - which urged Erbil to resolve disputes with Baghdad over land and power sharing through dialogue. In Turkey, around 100 military vehicles, mostly tanks, took part in the drill near the Habur border gate, a crossing point into Iraq, the private news agency Dogan said. Vehicles carrying missiles and howitzers also participated. Turkish military sources said the drill was due to run until Sept. 26, a day after the planned Kurdish referendum. Turkey has not spelt out what response it might take if the referendum goes ahead. It has brought forward meetings of the cabinet and its national security council to Friday, three days ahead of the vote, to look again at the situation. Separately, Turkey s military said it carried out an air strike in northern Iraq on Monday and that  four terrorists were neutralized . Turkish forces often launch cross-border attacks they say target members of the outlawed Kurdish PKK group, which has waged an insurgency in southern Turkey for three decades.  Those who are chasing dreams in Syria and Iraq should know very well that any attempt that threatens our national security, from inside or outside our borders, will be immediately retaliated in kind,  Prime Minister Yildirim said in a speech in the southern Turkish town of Sanliurfa.  Kurdish forces have, with U.S. backing, been in the forefront of the battle against Islamic State in Iraq and Syria. The Kurdish involvement in Syria strains relations between Washington and Ankara.  The Iraqi Supreme Federal Court approved Prime Minister Abadi s demand to consider  the breakaway of any region or province from Iraq as unconstitutional , his office said in a statement. The court is responsible for settling disputes between Iraq s central government and regions including Kurdistan, but  has no means to implement its rulings in the Kurdish region which has its own police and government, led by Massoud Barzani. Iran issued a veiled warning to the Kurds that their security could be affected if Iraq s unity was threatened.  Any damage to this strategic principle would lead to the revision of and serious alteration in the existing cooperation between Iran and Iraq s Kurdistan region,  said Ali Shamkhani, the secretary of Iran s Supreme National Security Council,  according to state-run Press TV. Turkey s protests in the build-up to the vote had been relatively muted. It has built good relations with Barzani s semi-autonomous Kurdish administration in northern Iraq, founded on strong economic links as well as Ankara and Erbil s shared suspicions of other Kurdish groups.     The Kurdish Regional Government, led by Barzani s KDP party,exports hundreds of thousands of barrels of oil per day to worldmarkets via Turkey and said on Monday that Russian oil major Rosneft (ROSN.MM) would invest in pipelines in the Kurdish region to export gas to Turkey and Europe.  ",1
19745,Saudi Shura Council to vote on curbing autonomy of morality police,"RIYADH (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia s Shura Council, an influential advisory body to the government, will vote on a proposal to merge the religious police into the ministry of Islamic affairs, local media reported, further curbing the force s authority. The religious police, officially known as the Commission for the Promotion of Virtue and Prevention of Vice, patrols public spaces to enforce bans on alcohol, music, prayer time, store closures and the mixing of unrelated men and women. It also imposes strict modesty requirements on women s dress. Last year, amid a reform drive to diversify the Saudi economy and open up its society, the government increased curbs on the religious police, barring it from pursuing suspects or making arrests. Saudi Gazette reported late on Sunday that the proposal to end the commission s autonomous status, put forward by Atta Al-Thibaiti and two other members, is expected to see a vote next week. King Salman s approval would be needed to implement such a measure.  The promotion of virtue and prevention of vice is an Islamic duty for every Muslim, and the Sharia tenets had never considered practicing [that] to be under an independent organ or an autonomous entity,  the report said, citing the proposal s supporters. The Shura members were quoted as saying the merger would also help ease the state s budget deficit by  avoiding duplication of efforts and cutting expenditure . Hardline conservatives say the religious police are central to imposing the kingdom s austere form of Sunni Islam, while aggressive enforcement of strict morality rules has drawn criticism from more liberal Saudis. The vice squad has come under fire online and in local media over several high-profile cases of car chases resulting in fatal accidents, prompting the commission s president to ban such pursuits in 2012. The commission stirred controversy again last year after video posted on social media showed members beating a young woman outside a Riyadh mall. The patrol had tried to force the woman to cover her face, local media reported. Saudi Gazette quoted Thibaiti as saying the proposal to merge the two bodies had overcome initial opposition by the Shura s committee on Islamic and judicial affairs. Members could not immediately be reached for comment. ",1
19746,"Seeking to deport Rohingya, India tells court has evidence of militant links","NEW DELHI (Reuters) - India s home ministry said on Monday it would confidentially share intelligence information with the Supreme Court showing Rohingya links with Pakistan-based militants, in a bid to get legal clearance for plans to deport 40,000 Rohingya Muslims. The Supreme Court is hearing an appeal lodged on behalf of Rohingya against the deportation plan proposed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi s Hindu nationalist government. India s home ministry submitted an affidavit to the court arguing that the hardline stance was justified by the security threat posed by illegal immigrant Rohingya, hundreds of thousands of whom have fled from Myanmar to Bangladesh, from where many have crossed into India. The ministry said the illegal influx of large numbers of Rohingya into India began four to five years ago, long before an exodus that saw more than 400,000 Rohingya flee to Bangladesh since Aug. 25 to escape a Myanmar military counter-insurgency offensive that the United Nations has called  ethnic cleansing . The affidavit went on to say the government had reports from security agencies and other authentic sources  indicating linkages of some of the unauthorized Rohingya immigrants with Pakistan-based terror organizations and similar organizations operating in other countries.  It also said there was information on Rohingya involvement in plots by Islamic State and other  extremist groups  to ignite communal and sectarian violence in India. Senior home ministry official Mukesh Mittal said the Indian government would privately show the court material gathered from  sensitive investigations  to substantiate the claims in its affidavit. Lawyer Prashant Bhushan, who filed the plea on behalf of two Rohingya men, will file a rejoinder to the government s affidavit, his office told Reuters. The court will next hear the matter on Oct. 3. Meantime, police said on Monday that they had arrested a suspected member of al Qaeda who they believed was trying to recruit Rohingya living in the country to fight security forces in Myanmar. Senior police officer Pramod Kushwaha told Reuters that British national Shauman Haq, 27, was arrested near a bus stop in Delhi on Sunday. He had come to India via Bangladesh. Rohingya in India voiced worries that they were being unfairly tainted by the allegations and sought more understanding for their plight.  We feel helpless and hopeless,  said Rohingya youth leader Ali Johar, who came to India in 2012 and lives with his family in a Delhi settlement.  The world s largest democracy has given us shelter but they should handle this situation more empathetically.  Modi s government has been criticized by activists for not speaking out against Myanmar s recent military offensive against  Rohingya insurgents, and right-wing groups in India have begun vilifying Rohingya living there. The Rohingya are denied citizenship in Buddhist-majority Myanmar and regarded as illegal immigrants, despite claiming roots that date back centuries. More than 800,000 Rohingya currently live in Bangladesh. ",1
19747,Bangladesh sets aside rift with Myanmar to ease rice shortage,"DHAKA (Reuters) - Bangladesh is to buy rice from Myanmar, putting aside worsening relations over the Rohingya refugee crisis as the government races to overcome a shortage of the country s staple food. Normally the world s fourth biggest rice producer, Bangladesh has become a major importer this year after floods hit its crops, sending domestic rice prices to record highs. The government has already secured deals to buy rice from Vietnam and Cambodia as domestic stocks diminished.  We ll buy 100,000 tonnes of white rice from Myanmar at $442 a ton,  its food minister, Qamrul Islam, said on Monday.  It will take some time to complete formalities. Then shipment will start,  he told reporters. Rice is a staple food for Bangladesh s 160 million people and high prices pose a problem for the government which faces a national election next year. The deal with Myanmar is the first state-to-state rice deal between the two countries, and comes amid increasingly strained relations. More than 400,000 Rohingya Muslims fleeing a military offensive in Myanmar have crossed into Bangladesh since Aug. 25. Bangladesh has said all refugees must go home and has also accused Myanmar of repeatedly violating its air space, warning that any more  provocative acts  could have  unwarranted consequences . Bangladesh recently finalised a deal to import 250,000 tonnes of white rice at $453 a ton from Cambodia, following a comparatively cheaper deal with Vietnam. It is also engaged in a second round of discussions with Thailand for rice after its initial talks with Bangkok, and India, suffered a setback over high prices. High demand from Bangladesh could further lift Asian rice prices, which hit multi-year highs in recent months after Bangladesh and other countries in South Asia saw their worst monsoon floods in years. Bangladesh seeks to import 1.5 million tonnes of rice in the year to next June. The government also started selling rice at a subsidized rate on Sunday and last month cut a duty on imports of the grain for the second time in two months. However, prices of rice have not budged, a situation largely blamed on hoarding by middlemen. National police chief A.K.M. Shahidul Hoque said on Monday that tough action would be taken against those found hoarding rice in order to later make windfall profits. Bangladesh produces around 34 million tonnes of rice annually but uses almost all its production to feed its population, and often requires imports to cope with shortages caused by floods or droughts.        ",1
19748,Britain calls on Myanmar leader to show lead in ending violence,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Britain s Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson on Monday urged Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi to show a lead in ending violence against the country s Rohingya Muslims, which the United Nations has branded ethnic cleansing.   What we are trying to get everyone to agree is that, number one, the killings have got to stop, and the violence has got to stop. And we look not just to the military but also to Daw Suu to show a lead on that,  Johnson told Reuters ahead of hosting a ministerial meeting on the crisis on the sidelines of the U.N. General Assembly.      ",1
19749,Turkey starts trial of 30 newspaper staff for links to coup attempt,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Thirty journalists and newspaper executives from a Turkish newspaper which was shut down last year went on trial on Monday, facing life sentences over charges that they had links to a failed coup attempt. The former employees of the Zaman newspaper are charged with  membership of an armed terror organization  and  attempting to overthrow  the government, parliament and the constitutional order through their links to cleric Fethullah Gulen. Zaman was affiliated with Gulen, the U.S.-based cleric and former ally of President Tayyip Erdogan. Gulen is blamed by Ankara for instigating the failed July 2016 coup, but denies any involvement. Zaman was first seized by the Turkish government in March 2016, months before the coup attempt, and then closed down by a government decree. Twenty-two of the suspects have been in pre-trial detention for months, including 73-year-old columnist Sahin Alpay.  If it had ever crossed my mind that the Gulenist movement would take a role in a coup attempt, I would never have written a column in the Zaman newspaper,  Dogan news agency quoted Alpay as saying. The indictment calls for three consecutive life sentences for the Zaman staff on charges of attempting to overthrow the constitutional order, the Turkish parliament and the Turkish government, and says the newspaper had exceeded the limits of press freedom and freedom of expression.  I accept that this is an armed terrorist organization, but I was never a member of it,  columnist Ali Bulac told the court in Silivri, the site of a large prison about 60 km (40 miles) west of the city. He had not paid close attention to the Gulenist movement s activities, he said.   I missed the hole in the ground when I was watching the stars. But who did see it?,  Bulac said, adding the group s operations were perceived to be legal during the time he worked for Zaman. Turkey s Justice Ministry announced in July that more than 50,000 people had been arrested and 169,013 have been the subject of legal proceedings since the coup attempt.  The scale of the crackdown has drawn criticism from Turkey s Western allies and led German Chancellor Angela Merkel to call for Ankara s European Union accession talks to be called off. Turkey says the sweeping response to the coup reflects the deep security challenges the country has faced.  Rights groups say more than 160 journalists are detained in Turkey, making it the world s biggest jailer of journalists. The hearing will continue this week. ",1
19750,Russia rejects lawsuit to learn fate of Swedish war hero Wallenberg: agencies,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - A Russian court on Monday rejected a request to release classified documents about Swedish World War Two hero Raoul Wallenberg, whose fate remains a mystery seven decades after his reported death, Russian news agencies reported. Wallenberg, a former Swedish diplomat, helped save thousands of Hungarian Jews during World War Two before being captured by Soviet forces in 1945.  A Russian report claimed he died in 1947 in the Lubyanka prison in central Moscow run by the Soviet security service, but no definitive proof of his fate has been put forward. Relatives of Wallenberg filed a lawsuit against Russia s Federal Security Service (FSB), seeking access to uncensored documents which they said could provide clues to Wallenberg s fate. But a Moscow court rejected that lawsuit out of hand on Monday, saying the documents could not be released because they contained personal information about other individuals, Russian news agencies reported. Wallenberg s relatives were cited as saying they would appeal.  ",1
19751,Turkish asylum applications in Germany jump 55 percent this year,"BERLIN (Reuters) - The number of Turks seeking asylum in Germany is up sharply this year and has been rising steadily since last year s failed military coup in Turkey, German government data showed on Monday. Germany got 4,408 asylum applications from Turkish citizens between January and August, compared with 2,836 in the same period of 2016, an increase of 55.4 percent, according the Federal Office for Migration and Refugees (BAMF).  There is an increase in asylum applications by Turkish applicants. However, I can not give the reasons for that because we do not make statistical surveys of why people flee,  a spokeswoman of the German Interior Ministry said. In April, the Interior Ministry said at least 262 Turkish diplomats and army personnel have applied for asylum in Germany since the failed coup on July 15 last year. Following the coup attempt, Turkey has arrested more than 40,000 people and sacked or suspended more than 100,000 in the military, civil service and private sector. Germany s mainstream parties have been outspoken critics of Turkey s crackdown  Turkish Defense Minister Fikri Isik urged Germany in January to reject asylum applications from 40 mostly high-ranking former soldiers suspected by Ankara of having links to the coup. Less than a quarter of Turkish asylum seekers have been granted protection in Germany since the beginning of 2017, although that is almost triple last year s 8.2 percent. ",1
19752,"In German rustbelt, Merkel challenger's social justice pitch falls flat","DUESSELDORF/DUISBURG, Germany (Reuters) - The steelworks in Duisburg employed 3,000 people when it was closed in 1985. Today, the disused factory, now a park showcasing the city s industrial heritage, gives work to dozens of curators, artists and athletes. Its fate is a symbol of the Ruhr, the mining and heavy industry region that drove West Germany s post-World War Two economic recovery and whose working class communities provided the backbone of the center-left s Social Democrats (SPD). Martin Schulz, the party s leader, has been targeting the Ruhr with his campaign to fight inequality, arguing headline figures showing a healthy German economy masks pockets of deep poverty in parts of the country. But with unemployment at its lowest in decades, that message has gained little traction, and the SPD, up to 17 points behind Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives in the polls, looks set to be roundly beaten in Sunday s elections. Merkel s message, that the economy needs to be rendered fit for the future by investing in digital technologies, appears to resonate more in Germany at a time of strong growth.   Social Democracy was rooted and anchored in the Ruhr, but in past decades that has unwound,  said Stefan Marschall, a politics professor at Duesseldorf University. The SPD s unexpected loss to the conservatives in a regional election there this year was an early sign that Schulz s campaign was faltering. The city of Duisburg remains an SDP stronghold, but in the bellwether state of North Rhine-Westphalia, home to a quarter of Germany s population, the party s vote share has been slipping for decades as industry cedes its place to a service economy. Duesseldorf, the state capital just 30 kilometers (19 miles) away, has been a beneficiary from the transformation, growing  richer as the economy shifts toward lighter industry and services. But Duisburg has been a loser in the transition.  On Duesseldorf s Koenigsallee, lined with expensive boutiques and the offices of private banks and law firms, besuited lunchtime shoppers had doubts about Schulz s message that neighboring Duisburg needed their solidarity.  It s difficult to talk about social justice,  said Ruslana Jebackers, a young mother who was leaning toward voting for the pro-business Free Democratic Party (FDP), a potential coalition ally for Merkel s conservatives.   We pay a lot of taxes, but we don t get much social justice of our own, like support for my family,  she added. For Mahmut Ozdemir, one of the SPD candidates in Duisburg, the city needs support to reinvent itself, developing its inland port - now Europe s largest - on the Rhine. Under the state s new conservative-FDP government, the city will suffer, he says.  People will quickly realize what it means when the SPD is not in charge.  Nur, a 17-year-old interviewed in a marketplace in the deprived Duisburg district of Marxloh, liked Ozdemir s message.  This guy said he cared,  she said, expressing the hope that the lawmaker could help to cut food prices. Schulz s message gets a better reception with older voters.  Merkel says we live well and happily in this country, but we don t all live well,  said Christel Link, walking with a friend down the Koenigsallee.  All my three children are hard-working, they studied but they have difficulty making ends meet. It doesn t have to be like that.  ",1
19753,Putin watches as Russia intensifies war games that have rattled West,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - President Vladimir Putin observed Russia s biggest war games in years on Monday, watching as his forces successfully repelled an imaginary enemy and launched a tank-led counter offensive, part of an exercise that has rattled the West. NATO officials say they are monitoring the  Zapad-2017  ( West-2017 ) war games with  calm and confidence , but many are unnerved about what they see as Moscow testing its ability to wage war against the West. Russia says the exercise is rehearsing a purely defensive scenario. Putin, commander-in-chief of Russia s armed forces, sat in a command center flanked by his defense minister and the chief of his General Staff, and used binoculars to peer through a cold drizzle at the simulated conflict unfolding before his eyes. The Russian leader has appeared at similar events in the past, sometimes donning a military uniform, and uses them to bolster his image among Russians as a robust defender of the country s interests on the world stage. This time, the 64-year-old president, who is widely expected to run for re-election in March, wore a dark suit and looked relaxed as the firing range in front of him, in the Leningrad region, was briefly transformed into a war zone. Tracer bullets lit up the murky skyline, battle tanks churned across muddy terrain, shells exploded, helicopters fired missiles, planes roared overhead and hundreds of paratroopers and armored vehicles were dropped from the skies. The paratroopers, inserted behind the lines of their imaginary enemy, then waged war against what the defense ministry called  illegal armed formations.  The over-arching Zapad war games, which began on Sept. 14 and run to Sept. 20, are taking place in western Russia, Russia s exclave of Kaliningrad, and Belarus, a Russian ally which borders Ukraine as well as NATO member states Poland, Latvia and Lithuania.      Moscow says almost 13,000 Russian and Belarussian service personnel are taking part, as well as around 70 planes and helicopters. It says almost 700 pieces of military hardware are being deployed, including almost 250 tanks, 10 ships and various artillery and rocket systems. NATO officials have said they believe the exercises involve more troops than Moscow has disclosed, however, and have complained about what they say is the lack of transparency about the exercise, an allegation Russia rejects. As part of the same drills, Russia on Monday said it had successfully test fired a ballistic missile capable of carrying a nuclear warhead, hitting a target at a firing range in Kazakhstan about 480 km (300 miles) away. Moscow says it is the West that threatens stability in eastern Europe because NATO has put a 4,000-strong multinational force in the Baltics and Poland, while the U.S. Army has deployed 600 paratroopers to the Baltics during Zapad. As a precaution, the United States has also temporarily taken over guardianship of the airspace of Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia, which lack capable air forces and air defense systems. ",1
19754,Mexican leftist Obrador leads ahead of 2018 election: poll,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexican leftist Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, who leads the National Regeneration Movement (MORENA) party, is the front-runner ahead of next year s presidential election, according to a newspaper poll published on Monday.  The El Universal survey found that 23.3 percent of respondents would vote for MORENA in the 2018 vote, ahead of the conservative National Action Party, which had 20 percent support.  President Enrique Pena Nieto s ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) was in third place, with 16.5 percent, the poll found. The major parties have yet to pick their candidates for the race, but Lopez Obrador, or AMLO as he is known locally, is the de facto candidate of MORENA, which he founded in 2014 after breaking with his longtime base, the center-left Party of the Democratic Revolution (PRD). A victory for the combative and nationalist-leaning Lopez Obrador could stoke tensions with the Trump administration just as the United States, Mexico and Canada seek to seal a renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement. The silver-haired Lopez Obrador, 63, is one of the best-known politicians in Mexico, having spent years relentlessly attacking other parties for corruption. But he is also a divisive figure, feared by the country s business elite. A former mayor of Mexico City, Lopez Obrador finished runner-up in the last two presidential contests.   In various scenarios polled by El Universal, in which AMLO faced different candidates from the other parties, the leftist came out ahead, garnering between 28.6 and 31 percent support. Political analysts say that may be enough to win the July 2018 contest with the electorate increasingly divided. Only the PAN s Margarita Zavala, who is the wife of former President Felipe Calderon, came close, with 26.1-26.6 percent of respondents giving her their support.  Additionally, AMLO was the most positively viewed potential candidate, with 43.3 percent of those polled holding an upbeat view of the veteran politician.  An electoral pact linking the PAN, the PRD and the Citizen s Movement party is not well known in Mexico, the poll found, but among those with knowledge of the newly formed alliance, 46 percent thought it could beat MORENA next year.  The survey, which had a margin of error of 1.3 percent, polled 6,400 Mexicans in face-to-face interviews between Aug. 18 and Sept. 3. ",1
19755,Uganda police arrest youths who oppose fresh term for ruler in power since 1986,"KAMPALA (Reuters) - Ugandan police have arrested 10 youths for staging an illegal rally to oppose a planned constitutional amendment to allow President Yoweri Museveni, one of the world s longest serving rulers, to run for a fresh term. Police spokesman Emirian Kayima said on Monday the youths were detained in the capital Kampala as they mobilized support and distributed fliers with messages opposed to the amendment.   They were involved in an illegal assembly. They did not inform police ahead of time that they were going to hold a rally,  he told Reuters, adding that they being questioned and would be taken to court. Museveni, 73, came to power in 1986 and is barred from seeking re-election under a law that limits presidential candidates to 75 years of age and under. The next presidential election is in 2021. Uganda is Africa s biggest coffee exporter and a prospective oil producer.   Plans are underway to change the constitution so Museveni can be eligible, a move that has stirred anger. Critics say Museveni uses the security forces to maintain power. Opposition leaders and activists are often jailed, rallies and meetings are often banned and some are broken up with teargas and beatings.  Museveni has not said whether he intends to stand again and his officials say the removal of the age cap is for the benefit of future leaders and not Museveni specifically. ",1
19756,Uzbek writer plans cautious return from exile,"ALMATY (Reuters) - When Uzbek writer Nurulloh Muhammad Raufkhon s new book came out last year, security forces raided his home and put the author - who was in Turkey at the time - on their blacklist, effectively forcing him to stay there in exile. Now, after being removed from the list by the new government, the 62-year-old Raufkhon plans to return to his Central Asian homeland - despite harboring some misgivings. A safe return of prominent dissidents such as Raufkhon might herald a genuine thaw in Uzbekistan and mark a significant step toward restoring ties with the West and attracting foreign investment after decades of political and economic near-isolation under the late President Islam Karimov. No prominent dissidents have returned home yet though since Karimov died a year ago and Raufkhon said some of his fellow emigres were still unconvinced it was safe to do so. Raufkhon s book, entitled Bu Kunlar (These Days), was a critique of Uzbekistan s development since it became independent from the Soviet Union in 1991. By publishing it, he went against a well-established taboo on criticizing Karimov, who ran the nation of 32 million with an iron fist from 1989, first as a Communist apparatchik and then as an elected leader. He died in September last year from a stroke aged 78.  They all but made me an  enemy of the people ,  traitor of the motherland ,  Raufkhon, who lives in Istanbul, said in an interview with Reuters conducted by email and telephone. Last month, the government of Shavkat Mirziyoyev, a former prime minister who has succeeded Karimov, removed some 16,000 people, including Raufkhon, from its security blacklist. That prompted him to start thinking about a return home. But he had second thoughts very soon - and he is still slightly apprehensive of possible action by a Karimov  old guard .  After they removed me from the blacklist, somebody decided to put up a list of wanted criminals with photos in the district where I am registered,  he said.  My name was among them.  Local officials quickly corrected the mistake and covered up his photo, he said, but the incident all the same made him uneasy.  I didn t understand this. Do we have a parallel state?  he said.  (But) in the end, I dismissed this as a mistake and decided to return. To address mistakes like that you need to be back home.  Raufkhon said there could be more setbacks.  Of course, it is impossible to swiftly change a regime based on violence,  he said, adding that a  Karimov-era elite  was strongly resisting reforms. One of the new government s moves that has raised eyebrows  was the sacking last month of Khurshid Mirzohidov, a reformist chief executive of state television company MTRK. Mirzohidov, previously minister for information technology development, was appointed to MTRK in February as part of a broad reshuffle which followed Mirziyoyev s election last December. A major change brought on by Mirzohidov was a series of Q&A sessions broadcast live on national television in which senior officials had to answer tough questions - such as those about the use of forced labor in cotton harvesting. After Mirzohidov was sacked, Alisher Khajayev, who had run state television under Karimov, took back the top job. Though live broadcasts have continued after the reshuffle, Khajayev has yet to show he will maintain the same probing TV programs as Mirzohidov. Speaking of fellow emigres, Raufkhon said:  They would have come back in an instant, but what stands in their way is uncertainty about what is going to happen to them upon return.  He urged the government to amnesty all opposition activists and guarantee their safety upon return. Raufkhon said he would announce the date of his own return this week. ",1
19757,Exclusive: 'We will kill you all' - Rohingya villagers in Myanmar beg for safe passage," SITTWE, Myanmar (Reuters) - Thousands of Rohingya Muslims in violence-racked northwest Myanmar are pleading with authorities for safe passage from two remote villages that are cut off by hostile Buddhists and running short of food.   We re terrified,  Maung Maung, a Rohingya official at Ah Nauk Pyin village, told Reuters by telephone.  We ll starve soon and they re threatening to burn down our houses.   Another Rohingya contacted by Reuters, who asked not to be named, said ethnic Rakhine Buddhists came to the same village and shouted,  Leave, or we will kill you all.   Fragile relations between Ah Nauk Pyin and its Rakhine neighbors were shattered on Aug. 25, when deadly attacks by Rohingya militants in Rakhine State prompted a ferocious response from Myanmar s security forces.  At least 430,000 Rohingya have since fled into neighboring Bangladesh to evade what the United Nations has called a ""textbook example of ethnic cleansing"".  About a million Rohingya lived in Rakhine State until the recent violence. Most face draconian travel restrictions and are denied citizenship in a country where many Buddhists regard them as illegal immigrants from Bangladesh.  Tin Maung Swe, secretary of the Rakhine State government, told Reuters he was working closely with the Rathedaung authorities, and had received no information about the Rohingya villagers  plea for safe passage.   There is nothing to be concerned about,  he said when asked about local tensions.  Southern Rathedaung is completely safe.   National police spokesman Myo Thu Soe said he also had no information about the Rohingya villages but that he would look into the matter.  Asked to comment, a spokeswoman for the U.S. State Department s East Asia Bureau made no reference to the situation in the villages, but said the United States was calling  urgently  for Myanmar s security forces  to act in accordance with the rule of law and to stop the violence and displacement suffered by individuals from all communities.    Tens of thousands of people reportedly lack adequate food, water, and shelter in northern Rakhine State,  spokeswoman Katina Adams said.  The government should act immediately to assist them.   Adams said Patrick Murphy, the U.S. deputy assistant secretary of state for East Asia, would reiterate grave U.S. concern about the situation in Rakhine when he meets senior officials in Myanmar this week.  Britain is to host a ministerial meeting on Monday on the sidelines of the annual U.N. General Assembly in New York to discuss the situation in Rakhine.  Ah Nauk Pyin sits on a mangrove-fringed peninsula in Rathedaung, one of three townships in northern Rakhine State. The villagers say they have no boats.  Until three weeks ago, there were 21 Muslim villages in Rathedaung, along with three camps for Muslims displaced by previous bouts of religious violence. Sixteen of those villages and all three camps have since been emptied and in many cases burnt, forcing an estimated 28,000 Rohingya to flee.  Rathedaung s five surviving Rohingya villages and their 8,000 or so inhabitants are encircled by Rakhine Buddhists and acutely vulnerable, say human rights monitors.  The situation is particularly dire in Ah Nauk Pyin and nearby Naung Pin Gyi, where any escape route to Bangladesh is long, arduous, and sometimes blocked by hostile Rakhine neighbors.  Maung Maung, the Rohingya official, said the villagers were resigned to leaving but the authorities had not responded to their requests for security. At night, he said, villagers had heard distant gunfire.   It s better they go somewhere else,  said Thein Aung, a Rathedaung official, who dismissed Rohingya allegations that Rakhines were threatening them.  Only two of the Aug. 25 attacks by the Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army (ARSA) took place in Rathedaung. But the township was already a tinderbox of religious tension, with ARSA citing the mistreatment of Rohingya there as one justification for its offensive.  In late July, Rakhine residents of a large, mixed village in northern Rathedaung corraled hundreds of Rohingya inside their neighborhood, blocking access to food and water.  A similar pattern is repeating itself in southern Rathedaung, with local Rakhine citing possible ARSA infiltration as a reason for ejecting the last remaining Rohingya.  Maung Maung said he had called the police at least 30 times to report threats against his village.  On Sept. 13, he said, he got a call from a Rakhine villager he knew.  Leave tomorrow or we ll come and burn down all your houses,  said the man, according to a recording Maung Maung gave to Reuters.  When Maung Maung protested that they had no means to escape, the man replied:  That s not our problem.   On Aug. 31, the police convened a roadside meeting between two villages, attended by seven Rohingya from Ah Nauk Pyin and 14 Rakhine officials from the surrounding villages.  Instead of addressing the Rohingya complaints, said Maung Maung and two other Rohingya who attended the meeting, the Rakhine officials delivered an ultimatum.   They said they didn t want any Muslims in the region and we should leave immediately,  said the Rohingya resident of Ah Nauk Pyin who requested anonymity.  The Rohingya agreed, said Maung Maung, but only if the authorities provided security.  He showed Reuters a letter that the village elders had sent to the Rathedaung authorities on Sept. 7, asking to be moved to  another place . They had yet to receive a response, he said.  Relations between the two communities deteriorated in 2012, when religious unrest in Rakhine State killed nearly 200 people and made 140,000 homeless, most of them Rohingya. Scores of houses in Ah Nauk Pyin were torched.  Since then, said villagers, Rohingya have been too scared to leave the village or till their land, surviving mainly on monthly deliveries from the World Food Programme (WFP). The recent violence halted those deliveries.  The WFP pulled out most staff and suspended operations in the region after Aug. 25.  Residents in the area s two Rohingya villages said they could no longer venture out to fish or buy food from Rakhine traders, and were running low on food and medicines.  Maung Maung said the local police told the Rohingya to stay in their villages and not to worry because  nothing would happen,  he said.  But the nearest police station had only half a dozen or so officers, he said, and could not do much if Ah Nauk Pyin was attacked.  A few minutes  walk away, at the Rakhine village of Shwe Long Tin, residents were also on edge, said its leader, Khin Tun Aye.  They had also heard gunfire at night, he said, and were guarding the village around the clock with machetes and slingshots in case the Rohingya attacked with ARSA s help.   We re also terrified,  he said.  He said he told his fellow Rakhine to stay calm, but the situation remained so tense that he feared for the safety of his Rohingya neighbors.   If there is violence, all of them will be killed,  he said.  ",1
19758,Congo ban on non-biometric passports sparks outcry,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - A sudden decision forcing all Congolese nationals to travel on biometric passports from next month has provoked a backlash from lawmakers already vexed by revelations about the documents  high cost. Even though Democratic Republic of Congo sits near the bottom of the U.N. Human Development Index, the passports it introduced in 2015 are among the world s most expensive.  A Reuters investigation in April showed that $60 of their $185 purchase price goes to a company registered in the United Arab Emirates whose owner is believed to be a close relative of Congo President Joseph Kabila. Despite a subsequent outcry, Vice Foreign Minister Aggee Aje Matembo Toto said at the weekend that, from Oct. 16, citizens would no longer be able to use non-biometric passports, some of which are not due to expire until 2020.  Those that tried to would have their document confiscated and replaced with a photocopy, he said in a statement that justified the change on security grounds. The abrupt ban taps into a climate of political instability fed by militia violence since Kabila last December refused to step down at the end of his mandate.  Not only is this decision inopportune but it is ...above all unacceptable in the (current) politico-social context,  Zacharie Bababaswe, a deputy from Kabila s majority coalition wrote in a letter to Aje Matembo Toto. Opposition lawmaker Juvenal Munubo submitted a formal demand for Aje Matembo Toto to give parliament an explanation.  Aside from the withdrawal of this unpopular decision ... no remedy will be able to reduce tensions,  Munubo wrote on Twitter. Congolese citizens expressed displeasure on social media, posting under a hashtag translating as:  Don t touch my passport .  Reports in the Congolese media and by activist groups about the wealth Kabila has accrued over his 16 years in power have also stoked resentment, while his supporters say he and his family have broken no laws.  ",1
19759,People smugglers test new migrant sea route through Romania,"BUCHAREST (Reuters) - About 500 migrants from the Middle East reached Romania across the Black Sea from Turkey in about a month, coastguards said on Monday, in a sharp increase the European Union says shows smugglers are testing alternative routes into Europe. Since 2015, the EU has been struggling to bring down the number of refugees and migrants smuggled or trafficked from the Middle East and Africa to its shores.  A 2016 deal with Turkey shut the route to EU state Greece and the bloc is now cracking down on arrivals from Libya to Italy. All in all, Mediterranean arrivals to the bloc fell from nearly 28,000 people in June to below 10,000 in August, according to U.N. data. But the Romanian coast guard told Reuters on Monday that 475 people reached its shores in about one month in August-September, including from Iraq and Iran. Seven people smugglers from Turkey, Bulgaria, Syria, Iraq and Cyprus had been arrested. While still low compared to thousands of migrants reaching Greek islands daily at the height of the arrivals in 2015, the figure marks a sharp increase from a total of 500 migrants who completed the same route in two years in 2013-2015, according to Romanian data. The EU s border agency Frontex has said it is monitoring the situation and that people smugglers might be looking for alternative entries to the bloc after the Mediterranean crossings were made more difficult.   While it is too early to talk about the opening of a new migratory route, the recent incidents of intercepted wooden boats with migrants on the Black Sea suggest that smugglers might be looking to revive this route,  said a Frontex spokesman, Krzysztof Borowski.  Frontex said the Black Sea route was last active in 2014 but did not expect it to develop on a large scale due to difficult sailing conditions on the Black Sea, especially as autumn nears. On Aug. 13, the Romanian coast guard said it had rescued 101 adults and 56 children from Iraq and Iran crowded onto a small fishing boat, in distress amid strong winds.  They were packed in there ... The boat could (only) safely   accommodate a dozen people,  a coastguard officer said. In Romania s neighbor Bulgaria, interior ministry data showed no illegal migrants had been stopped at its sea border in 2017.  Both countries are still outside of the EU s Schengen zone of free travel and hope to join as soon as possible.  While the bloc s executive has said it will soon recommend  bringing them in, many other EU states are skeptical. How the two will manage any migratory flows would be crucial to determining whether they meet the criteria.  Since joining the EU in 2007, both are also under monitoring by the EU executive arm in Brussels over justice reforms and concerns over corruption. While Ankara has cracked down on smuggling across the Mediterranean, many refugees and migrants who had made it across before are being stranded on Greek islands in poor conditions. As the bloc s relations with Turkey have grown increasingly strained since the 2016 migration deal, Brussels and EU states worry that President Tayyip Erdogan might one day walk away from the accord.  Erdogan has just lifted a lid to keep pressure on the EU. It s flexing muscles,  Romanian political analyst Mircea Marian said of the recent increase in arrivals from the Turkish coast across the Black Sea. ",1
19760,British police arrest second man over London train bomb,"LONDON (Reuters) - British police arrested a second man over the bombing of a London commuter train on Friday that injured 30 people and the security services lowered the threat level for an attack from its highest setting. The 21-year-old man was detained under Britain s terrorism laws in the west London suburb of Hounslow just before midnight on Saturday, London police said in a statement. Police earlier arrested an 18-year-old man in the departure lounge of Dover port in what they called a  significant  step and then raided a property in Sunbury-on-Thames, a town near London and about four miles (six km) from Hounslow. The home-made bomb shot flames through a packed carriage at west London s Parsons Green Tube station during the Friday morning rush hour but apparently failed to detonate fully. Islamic State claimed responsibility, as it has for other attacks in Britain this year, including two in London and one at a concert by American singer Ariana Grande in Manchester in May. Interior minister Amber Rudd said on Sunday the second arrest showed it was not a lone-wolf attack but there was no evidence Islamic State was involved. She said the threat level had been lowered to  severe  from  critical , meaning another attack was highly likely rather than expected imminently.  It is inevitable that so-called Islamic State, or Daesh, will reach in and try to claim responsibility. We have no evidence to suggest that yet,  Rudd told the BBC.  But as this unfolds, and as the police do their investigations, we will make sure that we find out exactly how he was radicalized, if we can.  Police said on Sunday they were searching a home in Stanwell in the county of Surrey near the perimeter of London s Heathrow Airport, in connection with the Hounslow arrest. Police continued to search the house in Sunbury nearby but said there were no safety risks to local residents. Local media said the home belongs to a couple who have fostered hundreds of children, including refugees. The BBC said the couple, 88-year-old Ronald Jones and Penelope Jones, 71, had been honored by Queen Elizabeth for their work with children. The bomb struck as passengers were traveling toward the center of the British capital. Some suffered burns and others were hurt in a stampede to escape. Health officials said none was thought to be in a serious condition. Prime Minister Theresa May put Britain on its highest security level late on Friday and soldiers and armed police were deployed to strategic locations such as nuclear power plants. On Saturday, armed police patrolled the streets near government departments in Westminster and guarded Premier League soccer grounds hosting matches. The last time Britain was put on  critical  alert was after a suicide bomber killed 22 people at the Ariana Grande concert. On that occasion, the threat level remained at critical for four days while police established whether the bomber had worked alone or with others. Prior to that it had not been triggered since 2007. ",1
19761,No evidence to link London attack directly to militant groups: U.S. sources,"LONDON (Reuters) - British police and spy agencies have not found evidence that last week s attack on a London commuter train was ordered or organized by a recognized militant group, according to U.S. and British government sources familiar with the investigation. Counter-terrorism officers have arrested two men after a crude homemade bomb sent flames shooting through a packed carriage at west London s Parsons Green underground station during the Friday morning rush hour, injuring 30 people although it apparently failed to detonate fully.  Following the attack, Amaq, the news agency of the Islamic State militant group, claimed responsibility for the bombing.  On Monday, five U.S. and British government sources said it was possible that the attack was somehow  inspired  by Islamic State via its extensive array of internet-based propaganda and instruction materials. But they said no evidence had emerged of any direct connection between the attack and IS, or any other organized militant group or faction.   It doesn t sound to me like a centrally directed plot,  one official said. British police are questioning an 18-year-old man arrested in the departure lounge of the port of Dover on Saturday and another suspect, 21, detained hours later in the west London suburb of Hounslow. Officers are also conducting a major search of a property in Sunbury-on-Thames, a town just outside London and about four miles (six km) from Hounslow. Local media said the home belongs to a couple who have fostered hundreds of children, including refugees. The leader of the local authority was quoted as saying the 18-year-old was an Iraqi who had come to Britain as an orphan aged 15. The 21-year-old is a Syrian national who had lived in Britain for a number of years, according to the media reports. British police have declined to confirm the identities of those being questioned, which is common practice.  Interior minister Amber Rudd said on Sunday the two arrests suggested it was not a  lone-wolf  attack but there was no evidence IS was involved. Friday s bombing was the fifth major attack regarded by authorities as a terrorist incident in Britain this year. Islamic State militants have claimed credit for other previous attacks, including two in London and one at a concert by American singer Ariana Grande in Manchester.  British officials have said there is scant evidence the group orchestrated those attacks, but those responsible might have been radicalized by IS online propaganda. ",1
19762,"UK PM May tightens grip over Brexit talks, appoints official as EU adviser","LONDON (Reuters) - Prime Minister Theresa May appointed the top official at the Brexit ministry as her EU adviser on Monday, taking tighter control of divorce negotiations just as Britain tries to shift the focus of talks onto the future relationship with Europe.  In order to strengthen cross-government co-ordination of the next phase of negotiations with the European Union, the Prime Minister has appointed Oliver Robbins as her EU Adviser in the Cabinet Office, in addition to his role as EU Sherpa,  a government spokesman said in a statement. Robbins will continue to lead British officials in the negotiations and will work closely with Brexit Secretary David Davis, the spokesman said. Robbins, 42, who media reported had sometimes clashed with Davis, had worked in the Brexit ministry since shortly after it was set up following the EU referendum in June 2016. Robbins will be replaced as permanent secretary of the Brexit department by his second-in-command Philip Rycroft. May, whose position was weakened after losing her governing Conservative Party s majority at a June election, has been criticized for failing to give clear instructions to her negotiating team. Her foreign minister, Boris Johnson, was accused by colleagues on Sunday of  backseat driving  after setting out his own vision for Brexit days before May is due to give a major speech on the subject on Sept. 22.  Moving key individuals at this critical time adds a whole new dimension to government s chaotic approach to Brexit,  opposition Labour Party Brexit spokesman Keir Starmer said.  The real problem we have is the failure of the government to confront the difficult policy choices it faces,  Bob Kerslake, a former top government official told BBC Radio, adding the timing of the move was odd.  It could be ... a simple case of the prime minister wanting more control and influence over the process, it could be down to clash of personalities,  he said.  What I worry about is the signal it sends ... about our organization and capability in this crucial time.  May is due to make a speech on Britain s future EU relationship ahead of the next round of talks later this month. So far negotiations on the terms of the divorce have made limited progress, prompting warnings from the EU the start of discussions on post-Brexit ties could be pushed back from October. ",1
19763,"Three suicide bombers kill 12 in Nigeria, emergency agency says","MAIDUGURI, Nigeria (Reuters) - Suspected suicide bombers killed at least 12 people and injured 26 others on Monday in northeast Nigeria s state of Borno, epicenter of the Islamist militant Boko Haram insurgency, the chairman of the local emergency agency said. The attacks are the latest in a series of bombings in the restive northeast that have killed at least 200 people since June 1, according to a Reuters tally.   Three suicide bomber infiltrated a settlement called Mashimari, in Konduga Local Government,  said Ahmed Satomi, chairman of Borno s State Emergency Management Agency (SEMA). The area is around 35 kilometers southeast of the state capital, Maiduguri.  Another SEMA official said the suicide bombers joined a gathering of farmers in Mashimari before detonating their devices around 11:45 a.m. (1045 GMT) as they mingled with the group.  Nobody has claimed responsibility for the attacks, but the use of suicide bombers is a hallmark of Boko Haram.  Boko Haram, which is trying to create an Islamic state in the Lake Chad region that includes northeast Nigeria, has killed more than 20,000 people and caused over two million to flee their homes since 2009.  ",1
19764,Far-right party likened to Nazis to shake up German parliament,"FRANKFURT AN DER ODER, Germany (Reuters) - The first far-right party set to enter Germany s parliament for more than a half a century says it will press for Chancellor Angela Merkel to be  severely punished  for opening the door to refugees and migrants. The Alternative for Germany (AfD), which has also called for Germany s immigration minister to be  disposed of  in Turkey where her parents come from, could become the third largest party with up to 12 percent of the vote on Sept. 24, polls show. That is far less than similar movements in other European countries - in France far-right leader Marine Le Pen won 34 percent of the vote in May and in the Netherlands far-rightist Geert Wilders scored 13 percent in a March election. But the prospect of a party that the foreign minister has compared with the Nazis entering the heart of German democracy is unnerving the other parties. They all refuse to work with the AfD and no one wants to sit next to them in parliament. Leading AfD candidate Alexander Gauland denies they are Nazis, saying others only use the term because of the party s popularity. It has won support with calls for Germany to shut its borders immediately, introduce a minimum quota for deportations and stop refugees bringing their families here.  We re gradually becoming foreigners in our own country,   Gauland told an election rally in the Polish border city of Frankfurt an der Oder. A song with the lyrics  we ll bring happiness back to your homeland  blared out of a blue campaign bus and the 76-year-old lawyer said Germany belonged to the Germans, Islam had no place here and the migrant influx would make everyone worse off. Gauland provoked outrage for saying at another event that Germans should no longer be reproached with the Nazi past and they should take pride in what their soldiers achieved during World War One and Two. The Nazis ruled Germany from 1933 to 1945, during which time they killed 6 million Jews in the Holocaust and invaded countries across Europe. The AfD could end up as the biggest opposition force in the national assembly if there is a re-run of the current coalition of Merkel s conservatives and Social Democrats (SPD)   one of the most likely scenarios. That would mean it would chair the powerful budget committee and open the general debate during budget consultations, giving prominence to its alternatives to government policies. Georg Pazderski, a member of the AfD s executive board, told Reuters his party would use parliamentary speeches to draw attention to the cost of the migrant crisis, troubles in the euro zone - which the AfD wants Germany to leave - and problems related to the European Union.  We ll have a voice when we re in parliament,  he said.  We won t be an easy opposition.  He expects other parties will shun the AfD for a year or two but ultimately work with it, pointing to the regional assembly in the eastern state of Saxony-Anhalt, where the AfD and Merkel s Christian Democrats voted to set up a committee to investigate left-wing extremism. Gauland told Reuters the AfD would call for a committee to investigate the chancellor after entering parliament:  We want Ms Merkel s policy of bringing 1 million people into this country to be investigated and we want her to be severely punished for that.  (For an interactive graphic on German elections, click tmsnrt.rs/2h0NqCT) MPs have already changed the qualification for the ceremonial post of doyen of parliament to the longest-serving MP rather than the oldest, likely to have been an AfD member. Sahra Wagenknecht, top candidate of the radical Left party, told Reuters it was important to look at individuals for committees but added:  I won t elect any AfD member who belongs to Bjoern Hoecke s wing and who really represents Nazi views into any position of responsibility.  Hoecke has denied that Adolf Hitler was  absolutely evil , described Berlin s Holocaust Memorial as a  monument of shame  and demanded a  180 degree turnaround  in the way Germany seeks to atone for Nazi crimes. The justice minister said some of the AfD s program like its demand to ban minarets is unconstitutional. Alexander Hensel, who studied the AfD s role in regional parliaments for the Otto Brenner Foundation, said debates in state assemblies had become more polarized since the AfD arrived and some other MPs would not shake hands with the newcomers.  The AfD s aggressive right-wing positions have intensified the debates while the tone and way people deal with each other in parliament has become noticeably rougher due to the AfD s tough rhetoric and targeted provocations,  he said.  Unlike previous right-wing movements in Germany the AfD - founded in 2013 by an anti-euro group of academics - has become socially acceptable so radicalized people from the middle class feel able to vote for it alongside classic radical right-wing voters, said Manfred Guellner, head of Forsa polling institute.  You don t vote for skinheads but you can vote for professors in suits,  said Guellner, referring to the likes of Gauland, who tends to wear tweed jackets. The AfD is unlikely to gain much more support though, said Jackson Janes, president of the American Institute for Contemporary German Studies, predicting worsening infighting over whether to aim for government or stay in opposition.  They ll add to the yelling and screaming in the Bundestag,  he said, but added:  I don t see them spreading like a cancer through society.  ",1
19765,Factbox: Germans have two ballots in complex election system,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germans will vote on Sunday in a parliamentary election in which center-right Chancellor Angela Merkel is running for a fourth term. Here is an explanation of how the voting system works: Germany has a mixed-member proportional voting system under which voters cast two ballots: one directly for a candidate in his or her constituency and the second for a party. This second vote determines the distribution of seats in parliament. Merkel s name, for instance, does not appear on the national ballot but only in her constituency in the Stralsund/Ruegen district. She is running there as a direct candidate for her Christian Democrats (CDU) after winning the district seven times in a row since reunification in 1990. German voters sometimes split their ballots to give their preferred coalition extra support: They give their first vote to a direct candidate from one of the two main parties - the CDU and its Bavarian sister party CSU or the center-left Social Democrats (SPD) - and the second vote to a corresponding smaller partner such as the business-friendly Free Democrats (FDP), the left-leaning Greens, the far-left Die Linke or the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD). The smaller parties have little interest in the first ballot because Germany s 299 constituencies are won on a first past- the-post basis, which normally favors the larger ones. Supporters of smaller parties often give their first vote to one of the two bigger parties, while some CDU/CSU and SPD backers give their second vote to a preferred coalition partner. If the CDU/CSU or SPD wins more direct seats in a state than they would get based on their share of second votes, the Bundestag creates extra  overhang  seats. There are 299 seats in parliament for winners of the direct seats and another 299 seats based on parties  relative strength via the second ballot. The number of overhang seats rose in recent elections because the two main parties, CDU/CSU and the SPD, won all but a handful of the 299 direct seats but had been receiving smaller shares of the second ballots. A new law compensates other parties for overhang seats, thus making it less interesting for the big parties to share support with smaller partners for second votes. In the 2013 election, the CDU/CSU won four extra overhang seats. Through the effect of balance seats, the size of parliament ballooned from 598 to 631 seats. Parties that fail to get more than 5 percent of the nationwide vote or win fewer than three seats by direct election are excluded from parliament. The shares of the other parties are recalculated accordingly. This effect can have major consequences for the process of coalition building. In 2013, the FDP and the AfD came in just below the 5-percent threshold. Since their share of the vote was attributed to the others parties, Merkel s conservatives were nearly able to govern alone with their unadjusted result of only 41.5 percent. In this year s election, six parties are forecast to enter parliament, up from four now. That would leave Germany marked by a more fractured political landscape. The next government will probably need a combined share of at least 47 percent or maybe 48 percent for a stable majority, depending on the voting share of those parties that fail to enter parliament. ",1
19766,South African opposition to lay criminal complaint against McKinsey,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South Africa s opposition Democratic Alliance will lay a criminal complaint against McKinsey for  fraud, racketeering and collusion  over work the global consultancy did with businessmen friends of President Jacob Zuma, it said on Monday. Reuters reported last week that McKinsey ignored suspicions raised over several years by local senior staff that companies it worked with were set up to steer state contracts. The deal relates to work McKinsey carried out for South African state power company Eskom alongside Trillian, a firm controlled by the Gupta family.  The allegations that McKinsey ignored warnings from senior South African staff, as far back as the beginning of 2013, of possible dodgy deals with Trillian, Eskom and other Gupta-linked companies must be fully investigated,  the DA said. ",1
19767,Army commander dismisses general's hint at army intervention in Brazil: reports,"SAO PAULO (Reuters) - Brazil s Army commander dismissed a general s suggestion that members of the Army s High Command endorse some sort of  military intervention  if high courts fail to stem political corruption, the online services of Brazil s two biggest newspapers said. At a gathering of freemasons in Bras lia last Friday, General Antonio Hamilton Mour o had suggested his fellows at the High Command think the current timing is not favorable for military intervention but that it could eventually take place through  successive steps,  Folha de S. Paulo said.  Either institutions sort out the political problem, through the judiciary branch of power and withdrawing from public life all those elements involved in illicit acts, or then we will have to impose that,  Mour o was quoted as saying by O Estado de S. Paulo newspaper on Sunday. Army Commander Eduardo Villas B as dismissed Mour o s comments by saying there is  no possibility  of a military intervention in Brazil. B as told Estado that since 1985, when a 21-year military dictatorship came to an end, the military was  not responsible for any source of turmoil in the nation s life, and it will continue to be like that.  While Mour o, currently the army s head of finance, hinted that there could come a time when the army would have to impose military action, he said it would not be to take power from civilians, Folha said. An action would aim at  telling people,  Beware, let s fix this now so the country can move forward and not continue the way it is,  the newspaper quoted him as saying. The army command did not immediately respond to request for comment. Mour o could not be found by Reuters to comment on his remarks. Mour o, in the army since 1972, was discharged from Brazil s South Military Command and transferred to the federal capital of Bras lia in 2015 for administrative work after publicly criticizing former Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff. Rousseff was impeached last year after she was found guilty of doctoring budget accounts. Her fall was accelerated by a three-year corruption scandal known as Operation Car Wash, which has ensnared top members of her Workers Party and her ruling coalition in bribery and graft acts. ",1
19768,U.S. and Iran argue over inspections at nuclear watchdog meeting,"VIENNA (Reuters) - The United States and Iran quarreled over how Tehran s nuclear activities should be policed at a meeting of the U.N. nuclear watchdog on Monday, in a row sparked last month by Washington s call for wider inspections.     Key U.S. allies are worried by the possibility of Washington pulling out of a 2015 landmark nuclear deal under which Iran agreed to curb its nuclear program in exchange for sanctions against it being lifted. U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley last month called for the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) to inspect a wider range of sites in Iran, including military ones, to verify it is not breaching its nuclear deal with world powers. Her remarks were rejected by a furious Tehran.  We will not accept a weakly enforced or inadequately monitored deal,  U.S. Energy Secretary Rick Perry told the IAEA General Conference, an annual meeting of the agency s member states that began on Monday.  He did not say whether he thought the deal was currently weakly enforced.  The United States ... strongly encourages the IAEA to exercise its full authorities to verify Iran s adherence to each and every nuclear-related commitment under the JCPOA,  Perry added, referring to the deal by its official name   the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action. Perry was speaking shortly after the General Conference formally approved the appointment of Yukiya Amano, a 70-year-old career diplomat from Japan, to a third term as IAEA director general.    U.S. President Donald Trump has called the accord  the worst deal ever negotiated  and has until mid-October to make a decision that could lead to Washington reimposing sanctions on Iran.   Iran s nuclear chief, Ali Akbar Salehi, told the meeting in Vienna that Washington had made  a host of unjustifiable peculiar demands with regard to the verification of our strictly peaceful nuclear program .  We remain confident that the (IAEA) will resist such unacceptable demands and continue to execute the agency s ... role with strict objectivity, fairness and impartiality,  he said. Salehi also criticized what he called  the American administration s overtly hostile attitude  The IAEA has the authority to request access to facilities in Iran, including military ones, if there are new and credible indications of banned nuclear activities there, but diplomats say Washington has yet to provide such indications. Amano often describes his agency s work as technical rather than political and has declined to comment on Haley s remarks about inspections. In a speech on Monday, however, he defended the deal as an important step forward.  The nuclear-related commitments undertaken by Iran under the JCPOA are being implemented,  Amano said.  Iran is now subject to the world s most robust nuclear verification regime.  ",1
19769,"Islamic State families moved to site north of Mosul, Iraq confirms","BAGHDAD (Reuters) - About 1,400 foreign wives and children of suspected Islamic State militants have been moved to a new site north of Mosul, Iraqi authorities confirmed on Monday, dismissing the concerns of aid organizations, who were not warned about the move.  They were transported to a safe location with better services, in Tal Keif, under the supervision of the Iraqi forces and specialized committees,  said an Iraqi military statement.  Foreign aid officials in Iraq said on Sunday they were  gravely concerned  about the families, who had been held by Iraq since Aug. 30 in the Hammam al-Alil transit camp, south of Mosul.  These women and children are extremely vulnerable. Regardless of what their family members may be accused of, they have a right to protection and assistance,  the Norwegian Refugee Council said in a statement on Monday.      None of the aid groups supporting the families at the camp, including the United Nations, were told in advance about the move, according to the NRC spokeswoman in Iraq, Melany Markham. The women and children were put on buses and taken away, with many leaving personal belongings behind. Aid officials are asking the Iraqi authorities for unfettered access to the families and calling on foreign governments to act quickly on behalf of their citizens.   Humanitarian organizations and representatives from their home countries should be allowed to offer to them help,  the NRC said. More than 300 of the families came from Turkey, many others from former Soviet states, such as Tajikistan, Azerbaijan and Russia, according to preliminary figures from the Iraqi army. Efforts to determine the nationalities of the families continued, said Laila Ali, a spokeswoman for Unicef said.  Thereafter, the family tracing and repatriation process is expected to begin.  Most of the families had fled to Tal Afar after Iraqi troops pushed Islamic State out of Mosul. Iraqi forces retook Tal Afar, a city of predominantly ethnic Turkmen that produced some of Islamic State s senior commanders, last month. It is the largest group of foreigners linked to Islamic State to be held by Iraqi forces since they began driving the militants from Mosul and other areas in northern Iraq last year, an aid official said. Thousands of foreigners have been fighting for Islamic State in Iraq and Syria. ",1
19770,Vietnam finds misconduct in city that will host APEC summit,"HANOI (Reuters) - Vietnam s ruling party watchdog on Monday said it had uncovered misconduct by the top officials in a central city that will host world leaders for an Asia-Pacific summit in November, as the communist state steps up a campaign against corruption. The report of irregularities in Danang marked a widening of probes that have so far focused largely on banks and state energy firm PetroVietnam. Government critics say internal power struggles also fuel the graft crackdown. The party s inspection committee said Nguyen Xuan Anh, party chief of Danang and a member of the party s central committee, had not set a good example by receiving and using cars and houses provided by companies. Anh was also accused of dishonesty, incorrect declarations on qualification certificates, violating party standards and imposing personnel that damaged party solidarity, the committee said in a statement on the government s website. Reuters could not contact the Danang party offices outside office hours to seek comment on the accusations. The tourist city of Danang will host world leaders, including U.S. President Donald Trump, China s Xi Jinping and Russia s Vladimir Putin at the summit of Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) in November. The party watchdog did not make any link between its findings and the hosting of the summit, for which roads, meeting halls and a new airport terminal have been built. There has also been major private investment in new hotels. Punishment of senior officials ahead of major events is unusual in Vietnam and points to the tougher stand against corruption since the security establishment gained greater influence in the party last year. The committee also found Huynh Duc Tho, Danang city people s committee chairman, responsible for violations in land management and human resources, adding it had reached the point  where punishment is necessary . The people s committee in Danang could not be reached outside office hours to seek comment. The committee also recommended action against the chairman, former chairman and senior officials of state chemical group Vinachem over reports of mismanagement that caused losses. ",1
19771,Norwegian policeman jailed for 21 years in drugs case,"OSLO (Reuters) - A former senior Norwegian police officer was sentenced to 21 years in prison on Monday for aiding drug smugglers and taking bribes in a case that captivated a nation accustomed to clean law enforcement. Eirik Jensen, 60, now retired, was once in charge of combating Oslo s criminal gangs. He had denied the accusations against him and his lawyer said he would appeal. Prosecutors accused Jensen of aiding a smuggling ring for more than a decade by providing information on police and customs staffing, much of it via hundreds of cryptic mobile phone text messages, in return for illegal payments. Jensen s co-defendant Gjermund Cappelen, who admitted organizing the imports of tonnes of hashish, was the prosecution s key witness and was sentenced to 15 years in prison.  This case is unique in Norwegian legal history,  Oslo District Court Judge Kim Heger said as he read the unanimous verdict against the police officer.  Jensen has actively and deliberately contributed to a well-organized and extensive import of hashish,  he said. Jensen and his lawyers argued during the trial that the evidence of contact with criminals was merely a result of normal police work intended to extract information and that he had not received any money or gifts.  We lost the battle, but we hope to win the war,  Jensen s attorney John Christian Elden told reporters after the verdict was made public.  There will be an appeal.  Such cases are rare in Norway, ranked the world s sixth-least corrupt country by watchdog Transparency International, and this case generated vast media coverage, including an unusual live television broadcast of parts of the trial. In neighboring Finland, also among the least corrupt nations, the former head of Helsinki s drug squad was sentenced last year to 10 years in prison for drug smuggling, official misconduct and other crimes, including tampering with evidence. That case is the subject of an appeal. ",1
19772,Malawi ministers to testify against cabinet colleague in maize graft trial,"LILONGWE (Reuters) - Three Malawian ministers will testify in court against a former cabinet colleague charged with abuse of office over a maize procurement contract, court documents showed. President Peter Mutharika launched an investigation in January into the government order for 100,000 tonnes of Zambian white maize, after an opposition leader there said he had seen documents showing Malawi had been charged $345 per ton instead of the $215 the consignment was worth. Then agriculture minister George Chaponda was arrested in July, sacked and charged with abuse of office and possession of foreign currency without lawful justification. He pleaded not guilty to both charges and was released on bail pending trial, for which no date has yet been set. Malawi was importing maize to ease food shortages triggered by a severe drought that swept the region in 2016. According to court documents seen by Reuters, Finance Minister Goodall Gondwe, Information Nicoluas Dausi and Trade and Industry Minister Henry Mussa will be called to give evidence against Chaponda. The three ministers, who declined to comment, are expected to testify late this month, local newspapers said. Malawi s Anti-Corruption Bureau also declined to comment when contacted by Reuters. ",1
19773,Lebanon parliament speaker proposes vote by year-end,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanon s parliament speaker on Monday proposed holding a legislative election before the end of the year, bringing it forward from May 2018. The proposal  supports the national interest ... (and is) in the spirit of the law where elections must be held as soon as possible,  Nabih Berri said in a televised statement. The current parliament s mandate would, under the proposal, end on Dec. 31 with the election to take place before that date, he said. Lebanon s parliament has extended its own mandate three times since current lawmakers were elected in 2009 for what was meant to be a four-year term. In June the cabinet approved a new law which extended parliament s term for 11 months for  technical reasons , tentatively setting elections for May 2018. Sectarian divisions have long plagued politics in Lebanon, exacerbated by the Syrian conflict and complicated by rivalry between Iran and Saudi Arabia, which back different groups in the country. Lebanese activists accuse politicians of using regional upheaval as an excuse to dodge elections. Political wrangling left the country without a president for 29 months before Michel Aoun was elected in October last year. ",1
19774,"Factbox: Trump on Twitter (Sept 18) - U.S. Air Force, CIA","The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump, @realDonaldTrump and @POTUS.  The opinions expressed are his own. Reuters has not edited the statements or confirmed their accuracy.  @realDonaldTrump : - Happy 70th Birthday @USAirForce!  [0914 EDT] - Happy 70th Birthday @CIA!  [0916 EDT] -- Source link: (bit.ly/2jBh4LU) (bit.ly/2jpEXYR) ",1
19775,U.S. Ambassador Haley: U.N. has exhausted options on North Korea,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said on Sunday the U.N. Security Council has run out of options on containing North Korea s nuclear program and the United States may have to turn the matter over to the Pentagon.  We have pretty much exhausted all the things that we can do at the Security Council at this point,  Haley told CNN s  State of the Union,  adding that she was perfectly happy to hand the North Korea problem over to Defense Secretary James Mattis. As world leaders head to the United Nations headquarters in New York for the annual General Assembly meeting this week, Haley s comments indicated the United States was not backing down from its threat of military action against North Korea.  North Korea launched a missile over Japan into the Pacific Ocean on Thursday in defiance of new U.N. Security Council sanctions banning its textile exports and capping imports of crude oil. China has urged the United States to refrain from making threats to North Korea. Asked about President Donald Trump s warning last month that the North Korean threat to the United States will be met with  fire and fury,  Haley said,  It was not an empty threat.    If North Korea keeps on with this reckless behavior, if the United States has to defend itself or defend its allies in any way, North Korea will be destroyed. And we all know that. And none of us want that. None of us want war,  she said on CNN.   We re trying every other possibility that we have, but there s a whole lot of military options on the table,  she said. Pyongyang has launched dozens of missiles as it accelerates a weapons program designed to provide the ability to target the United States with a powerful, nuclear-tipped missile. North Korea said on Saturday it aimed to reach an  equilibrium  of military force with the United States.  Trump plans to meet with South Korean President Jae-in Moon on the sidelines of the U.N. General Assembly.  I spoke with President Moon of South Korea last night. Asked him how Rocket Man is doing. Long gas lines forming in North Korea. Too bad!  Trump said in a Twitter post on Sunday morning. White House national security adviser H.R. McMaster said on Friday, after the latest North Korean missile launch, that the United States was running out of patience:  We ve been kicking the can down the road, and we re out of road.  On Sunday, he warned of imminent danger from Pyongyang.  This regime is so close now to threatening the United States and others with a nuclear weapon, that we really have to move with a great sense of urgency on sanctions, on diplomacy and preparing, if necessary, a military option,  McMaster told the  Fox News Sunday  program. Military options available to Trump range from a sea blockade aimed at enforcing sanctions to cruise missile strikes on nuclear and missile facilities to a broader campaign aimed at overthrowing leader Kim Jong Un. Mattis has warned the consequences of any military action would be  tragic on an unbelievable scale  and bring severe risk to U.S. ally South Korea.  Democratic U.S. Senator Dianne Feinstein said on Sunday that Trump should not rule out talks with North Korea before it agrees to end its nuclear program.   I think that North Korea is not going to give up its program with nothing on the table,  she said on CNN. Feinstein said that a freeze of both its nuclear program and missile arsenal, rather than ending them, would be more palatable to North Korea and to China, who fears the U.S. goal is toppling Kim. The United States still wants a peaceful solution and has been waiting for the North Koreans to indicate they are ready to talk, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on CBS   Face the Nation.   We have tried a couple of times to signal to them that we re ready, when they re ready,  he said.  And they have responded with more missile launches and a nuclear test.  ",1
19776,France opens door to strengthen Iran nuclear deal for post-2025,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - France on Monday gave a staunch defense of the Iran nuclear deal, suggesting there could be talks to strengthen the pact for the post-2025 period but that allowing it to collapse could lead Iran s neighbors to seek atomic weapons.  It is essential to maintain it to avoid proliferation. In this period when we see the risks with North Korea, we must maintain this line,  French Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian told reporters.  France will try to convince (U.S.) President (Donald) Trump of the pertinence of this choice (keeping the accord) even if work can be done to complement the accord (after 2025),  he said.  Speaking on the sidelines of the U.N. General Assembly annual gathering of world leaders in New York, Le Drian said a collapse of the deal could lead to a regional arms race. Key U.S. allies are worried by the possibility of Trump effectively pulling out of the landmark 2015 nuclear deal under which Iran agreed to curb its nuclear program in exchange for relief from economic sanctions. Le Drian also made clear France s opposition to an Iraqi Kurdish independence referendum, saying Iraq s constitution had important provisions on the autonomy of the Kurdistan region of northern Iraq and  all other initiatives are inappropriate.  He also said the five permanent members of the U.N. Security Council   Britain, China, France, Russia and the United States   on Thursday would discuss the possibility of a contact group on Syria, now in its seventh year of civil war. ",1
19777,Six civilians killed by roadside bomb in Afghanistan,"KANDAHAR, Afghanistan (Reuters) - A roadside bomb in Afghanistan s southern province of Kandahar killed at least six civilians traveling in a car that hit the device, officials said on Monday.  It was a bomb which had recently been planted by the Taliban to target Afghan forces but a civilian car went through it,  said Fazel Bari Baryalai, a spokesman for the provincial governor, adding:  All the people killed in the car were young people from the area.  The incident highlights the threat from improvised explosive devices (IEDs) such as roadside bombs, one of the deadliest threats to civilians in Afghanistan. In the first half of the year, according to United Nations figures, 252 civilians were killed and 295 injured by pressure plate devices that typically explode when hit by a vehicle. ",1
19778,"Locked in power struggle, Congo army and militia massacred hundreds: report","JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - Congolese army commanders orchestrated a wave of massacres that killed hundreds of people between 2014-2016 as they vied for influence with anti-government insurgents in northeastern Democratic Republic of Congo, a new report said on Monday.   The report by the Congo Research Group (CRG) at New York University is the most comprehensive to date on the killings of more than 800 people and the first to offer a definite theory of the perpetrators  motives. It is based on 249 interviews with perpetrators, eyewitnesses and victims as well as internal U.N. reports and arrest records that document participation in the killings.  Millions died in eastern Congo between 1996-2003 in regional conflicts and dozens of militia groups continue to operate there. But the massacres around the town of Beni were the most macabre and mysterious in recent memory.  CRG cited multiple witnesses saying that army commanders, including the former top general in the zone, supported and in some cases organized the killings. During some massacres, sources told CRG, soldiers secured the perimeter so that victims could not escape.  Congo government spokesman Lambert Mende said a number of high-ranking officers had been convicted for their roles in the massacres but criticized CRG for  trying to revive an old affair . The general named in the report, Muhindo Akili Mundos, has repeatedly denied any personal responsibility. The report recommends a parliamentary investigation and U.N Security Council sanctions against individuals involved in the violence around Beni. Several senior Congolese militia leaders, including a former vice president in a power-sharing government, have been convicted by the International Criminal Court in The Hague for crimes committed during wars in Congo and in neighboring Central African Republic. According to the report, the first massacres were orchestrated in 2013 by former leaders of the Popular Congolese Army (APC), the armed wing of a rebellion from Congo s 1998-2003 war, who were trying to prepare a new insurrection and undermine confidence in the central government. These rebels often worked in collaboration with militiamen from the Allied Democratic Forces, a Ugandan Islamist group active in the area. Congo s government and U.N. peacekeeping missions blamed almost all the killings on the ADF. However, when the large-scale massacres began - one of which claimed as many as 200 lives - in October 2014, army commanders in the zone co-opted many of the networks of local militia in an effort to weaken their rivals, the report said.   Government forces discovered pre-existing plans for killings and responded by co-opting these groups and continuing the massacres,  it said.   For these officers, controlling the armed groups in the region was more important - and perhaps more feasible - than bringing an end to the violence.  The new report did not take a position on whether local commanders received orders to conduct the massacres from Congo s central government but said  it would have been difficult for Kinshasa to be unaware of their undertakings . Large-scale killings around Beni have mostly abated this year but Congolese and U.N. forces continue to clash with rebel groups in the area. One Tanzanian peacekeeper was killed and another wounded on Sunday in combat with a local militia, a U.N. mission spokesman told Reuters.  Meanwhile, violence has otherwise surged across Congo, fueled in part by President Joseph Kabila s refusal to step down when his mandate expired last December. CRG is a non-profit body directed by Jason Stearns, a former U.N. investigator in Congo and author of a book about Congo s civil wars. ",1
19779,"Syria's Deir al-Zor air base working again: state media, monitors","BEIRUT (Reuters) - The Deir al-Zor military airport in eastern Syria, which the Syrian army recaptured this month from Islamic State, began functioning again on Monday for the first time in nearly a year, Syrian state media and a monitoring group said. The military base is seen as a valuable asset for the Syrian army as it presses its campaign against Islamic State in Deir al-Zor province. Two planes landed and took off from the base on Monday, state TV reported - the first such activity there since September 2016, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights monitoring group said. Monday s flights carried aid to Deir al-Zor, Syrian state media and the British-based Observatory said. On Sunday, the United Nations said it had halted costly airdrops to the city as a land corridor opened.  The U.N. has estimated that some 93,000 people were living in  extremely difficult  conditions in government-held parts of Deir al-Zor during the Islamic State siege and were supplied by air drops to the base. Syrian government forces and their allies broke Islamic State s three year siege of Deir al-Zor earlier this month, reaching the government-held enclave in the city and the adjacent air base. The Syrian army and U.S.-backed militias are fighting separate offensives against Islamic State in the province, the jihadist group s last major stronghold in Syria. ",1
19780,Saudi trains first women air traffic controllers,"RIYADH (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia will train women to work as air traffic controllers, state media reported, as the conservative Islamic kingdom seeks to create more jobs for women as part of a reform push to wean the economy off oil. Its Vision 2030 plan aims to increase employment and diversify revenue sources as low oil prices have hit the finances of the world s top exporter. Some of the planned changes, like increasing the number of women in the overall workforce to 28 percent from 23 percent and quadrupling their presence in senior civil service roles to 5 percent, would transform a society where employment has traditionally been the preserve of men. State-owned Saudi Air Navigation Services (SANS) announced on Sunday that it was offering theoretical and practical training to 80 women per year to prepare them for work in the air traffic control sector.  The applicants began taking admissions exams on Sunday for the Saudi Academy of Civil Aviation and will undergo a number of editorial tests,  state news agency SPA said in a report late on Sunday. Applicants must have a high school diploma with high marks and be between 18 and 25 years old, it said. Saudi Arabia is the only country where women are forbidden to drive, making it harder for them to get to work.  Most employed women work for the kingdom s vast public sector, primarily in health and education, but authorities say they seek to encourage more hiring by private firms as part of the 2030 plan. Regulations bar women from certain professions, while rules on gender mixing in shops and businesses further limit job opportunities. Until 2012, even lingerie shops were mostly staffed by men. Female employment has been a battleground for years between social conservatives and reformers, but the balance has tipped toward change since Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman took on wide-ranging powers role two years ago. Last year a senior cleric said women should be allowed to work as paramedics and opticians, and last month women staffed an emergency call center at the haj pilgrimage for the first time. ",1
19781,Reuters surveys UK financial services jobs post-Brexit,"LONDON (Reuters) - Around 10,000 finance jobs will be shifted out of Britain or created overseas in the next few years if the UK is denied access to Europe s single market, according to a Reuters survey of firms employing the bulk of workers in international finance. Reuters approached 158 banks, asset managers, private equity firms, insurers and exchanges with UK operations on their plans for moving staff as a result of Brexit and received answers from 123. [L4N1LO3T7] Fifty-seven companies said they would have to move staff or restructure their businesses because of Brexit, which is due to take place in March 2019.  Another 37 said Brexit would have no impact, and the remainder said they are still deciding what to do or declined to comment. The survey was conducted by email and telephone interviews between Aug. 21 and Sept. 15. A total of 55 banks responded, along with 37 insurers and insurance brokers, 28 asset managers and private equity firms, and three exchanges. They included the 20 investment banks that earned the most fees from investment banking in Europe, the Middle East and Africa in 2016, according to Thomson Reuters  data. Some participants declined to comment on some of the questions. Some participants also asked for the information to be part of an aggregate only, which is why Reuters has not published the complete data. The insurers who responded to the survey included the largest listed insurers in Britain, along with large European Union and non-EU insurers operating in Britain, major insurance brokers and listed and unlisted insurers with an international focus, such as those operating in the Lloyd s of London market. Twenty-eight asset managers managing a collective $25 trillion responded. They included most of the global managers who use the UK as a base in Europe, as well as the leading British firms. Survey participants were asked if Brexit would mean new jobs in the European Union and if so, to give details about whether they would be new jobs or transfers from London. They were also asked how many UK employees they currently have. Seventy-five organizations provided the number of staff they currently employ in the UK, which added together totaled 484,578. Of those 357,617 were employed by banks, 106,348 by insurers, 16,363 by asset managers and 4,250 by exchanges. The 39 firms which gave details on their plans for Brexit staffing together employ at least 359,983 people. A precise number could not be calculated because four did not answer the question. The 20 banks in the survey who answered the question about how many jobs would be affected by Brexit said they expected 9,777 jobs to be moved or created in the EU.  Eleven insurers expected 98 roles to be created in the EU in total. Eight asset managers and private equity firms who gave the information saw 311 jobs in total being created. Of banks who have made a decision on what to do about Brexit, six planned to add jobs in Frankfurt, four in Paris, three in Dublin, two in Amsterdam, one in Berlin and one in Brussels. Among insurers, seven were setting up subsidiaries in Luxembourg, six in Dublin, three in Brussels, and one each in Malta, Munich and Paris. For the asset managers, nine said they were considering moving staff to another country or hiring locally there. The most popular destination was Luxembourg, chosen by seven firms, followed by Dublin with one and one undecided. There are 344 banks registered in Britain, according to the Bank of England, although that includes the domestic-focused subsidiaries of many larger banks as well as many smaller lenders that earn the bulk of their revenue in Britain so won t be affected so much by Brexit. There are 503 UK authorized insurers, according to the Bank of England, though many larger firms have more than one authorization. Many UK insurers also have a purely domestic focus, insurance specialists say. While the asset managers contacted account for the lion s share of the assets managed in Britain, there remains a long tail of smaller managers registered with the Financial Conduct Authority, a figure it currently puts at 1,840 firms. (This story has been refiled to drop extraneous  and  in paragraph eight) ",1
19782,"Exclusive: 10,000 UK finance jobs affected in Brexit's first wave - Reuters survey","LONDON (Reuters) - Around 10,000 finance jobs will be shifted out of Britain or created overseas in the next few years if the UK is denied access to Europe s single market, according to a Reuters survey of firms employing the bulk of workers in international finance. Frankfurt was by far the most popular destination for the new roles, the survey showed, with Paris a distant second. The results from 123 firms came from the first comprehensive public survey to ask the biggest banks, insurers, asset managers, private equity firms and exchanges in Britain about the specific details of their plans so far in case of a so-called  hard  Brexit.  Canvassing was conducted by email and telephone interviews between Aug. 21 and Sept. 15, weeks after companies submitted detailed plans on their Brexit preparations to the Bank of England as required on July 14. The Bank declined to comment on the results of that survey.  Nearly half of the companies surveyed told Reuters they would have to move staff or restructure their businesses because of Brexit, which is due to take place in March 2019. Another third said it would have no impact, and the remainder said they were still deciding on their plans or declined to comment. The number of jobs to be moved or created overseas was based on answers from 39 companies employing at least 350,000 people. About 1.1 million people work in Britain s financial sector. The findings suggest that the first wave of job losses from Brexit may be at the lower end of estimates by industry lobby groups and firms, which could mean London will keep its place as the continent s top finance center, at least in the short term.  Most respondents said bigger moves could be in store in a decade or more, however.   If it is going to happen it won t be in one big bang,  said a senior executive at one of Europe s largest banks, which took part in the survey.  There will be a slow drain of jobs from London over a number of years.   The survey also suggests some financial institutions may be delaying decisions, hoping a soft Brexit can be negotiated in talks currently going on in Brussels. BoE Governor Mark Carney has specifically warned companies against that approach, saying it s important to start planning now.  They would like to think there is going to be a mutually easy way of dealing with financial services across the EU-UK border,  said Andrew Gray, global head of Brexit for financial services at PwC.  So firms are finding it hard to land on precise plans.  London s future as Europe s premier financial hub is one of the biggest issues in Brexit talks because the sector is the UK s biggest source of corporate tax revenue.      (For details from the poll, please read)  For its survey, Reuters approached 158 of the largest and most internationally focused financial firms in Britain and received responses from all but 35. Those included the 20 investment banks that earned the most fees from investment banking in Europe, the Middle East and Africa in 2016, according to Thomson Reuters  data. Many participants gave only partial answers to the survey questions, however, and some asked not to be named and for their data to be used only in aggregate. The number of workers employed by the 75 organizations who provided their staffing numbers added up to 484,578, the bulk of employees in the internationally focused financial sector.  The 39 who gave information on their Brexit staffing plans included many of the companies most likely to be affected by losing the EU financial  passport  mechanism because London is their base to sell services across the EU. The survey indicated 9,777 banking roles would be affected. Many of those would be shifted out of the UK, but some would be new roles in Europe, resulting in a period of duplication, the executives surveyed said. Insurance companies said they planned to move or create about 98 jobs overseas and the asset management sector 311 roles, the survey showed. U.S. and British banks would see the biggest impact because many use London as their EU investment banking base, which has increased in importance since the 2008 global financial crisis, when banks tried to simplify their international structures into a few main hubs. The impact on Spanish, Italian and Dutch banks was muted because they don t use London as a hub and have less of a focus on investment banking, the survey showed. Japanese lenders such as Nomura, Daiwa Securities and Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group plan to set up subsidiaries in Frankfurt, according to the survey. One said it planned to move about 100 jobs, but asked not to be identified.  Bank of America (BAC.N) and Credit Suisse (CSGN.S), two of the biggest investment banks in London, declined to say how many jobs would be affected. But BofA did say it would pick Dublin as its EU hub if there was a hard Brexit. Most in the financial industry picked Frankfurt as their preferred place to put jobs, with 5,470 roles, most of which are the up to 4,000 anticipated moves from Deutsche Bank.  Paris came second with 1,800 roles, of which 1,000 were planned by HSBC (HSBA.L).  The true impact of Brexit will only become clear in ten or twenty years because most firms are implementing a two-stage contingency plan, senior executives in London said.   The first phase will involve relatively small numbers to make sure the requisite licenses and infrastructure are in place. The next will require longer-term thinking about what the companies  European business will look like. The final impact will also depend on the details of the Brexit deal, Europe s economic growth and whether Frankfurt and Dublin prove to be successful alternatives to London.   Previous forecasts for jobs losses in a hard Brexit scenario have ranged from about 30,000 jobs estimated by the Brussels-based Bruegel research group in February to up to 75,000 by Oliver Wyman in October and as many as 232,000 by London Stock Exchange chief executive Xavier Rolet in January. The Bruegel estimate was for a three-year period starting from when divorce proceedings were formally triggered in March, according to Dirk Schoenmaker, an author of the report. The Oliver Wyman forecast is up to 2022.  The London Stock Exchange forecast is up to 2024.  Some politicians, financiers and academics say bankers have exaggerated the threat to the economy from Brexit.  Brexit presents an inconvenience to their operations but also an opportunity to wrangle tax and rule changes to stay,  according to Robert Jenkins, a professor at London Business School and a former Bank of England policymaker.   They will play this for all it s worth.      Several banks have heavily scaled back their estimates compared with a year ago. JPMorgan, for example, is currently planning to move fewer than 1,000 roles, whereas before the Brexit referendum the bank had said about 4,000 jobs might be at risk. Paul Venables, the finance director of Hays, the largest recruiter for financial services in the City, said the job market for financial services in London is gradually improving.  Where there s been a lot of public pronouncements from the banks, we ve seen very little action, we re not seeing a large number of jobs go outside of the UK to Europe,  he said.  We re beginning to see tentative signs of that market returning to normalcy.   (For a graphic on Brexit banks click tmsnrt.rs/2x8CKZq)  ",1
19783,Egyptian court acquits Irish citizen of murder in mass trial,"CAIRO (Reuters) - An Egyptian court on Monday acquitted Irish citizen Ibrahim Halawa and his three sisters of charges including murder in a mass trial that has been going on for over four years, during which he was in jail. Halawa was part of a trial in which nearly 500 people were charged with, among other crimes, breaking into a mosque, killing 44 people, including a policeman, and illegal possession of firearms in violence that followed the military s ouster of former Islamist president Mohamed Mursi in 2013. ",1
19784,U.S. Navy fires two commanders after Asia sea accidents,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Navy dismissed two senior officers on Monday after a series of collisions involving Seventh Fleet warships in Asia, citing a loss of confidence in their ability to command.   Rear Admiral Charles Williams, commander of Task Force 70, and Captain Jeffrey Bennett, commander of Destroyer Squadron 15, were fired by Seventh Fleet commander Vice Admiral Phil Sawyer, the Navy said. In August, Sawyer replaced fleet commander Vice Admiral Joseph Aucoin, who was fired after the accidents.  Both reliefs were due to a loss of confidence in their ability to command,  the Navy statement said. The shakeup in the Seventh Fleet command followed a pre-dawn collision between guided-missile destroyer USS McCain and a merchant vessel east of Singapore and Malaysia on Aug. 21, which killed 10 sailors and was the fourth major incident in the U.S. Pacific Fleet this year. In June, another destroyer, the USS Fitzgerald, collided with a Philippine cargo ship, killing seven U.S. sailors. Several other officers have also been relieved, with administrative action taken against other members of the ship s watch teams. ",1
19785,Macau opposition gains in election after deadly typhoon,"HONG KONG (Reuters) - Macau s mostly pro-democracy opposition made slight gains in legislative elections, as critics saw signs of public dissatisfaction with the pro-Beijing government after a deadly typhoon battered the Asian gambling hub a month ago.  Results of Sunday s vote announced on Monday showed the opposition camp won five seats in the 33-seat legislative assembly, one more than at the last election four years ago, according to local media reports. Macau s political landscape has long been dominated by pro-establishment, pro-Beijing and casino industry interests, and critics viewed any improvement by the opposition as an achievement.  Only 14 of the legislative seats were directly elected, a far lower proportion than in neighboring Hong Kong, also a China-ruled former colony, that has pushed much harder and wrested greater democratic freedoms than Macau, which returned from Portuguese to Chinese rule in 1999. Twelve other seats are indirectly elected in smaller constituencies, while another seven are appointed by Macau s Beijing-backed leader, Fernando Chui, making chances of opposition ever gaining a majority all but impossible.   Among the winners was 26-year-old pro-democracy activist and outspoken government critic, Sulu Sou, who becomes the youngest ever Macau lawmaker. Sou was one of the young leaders that helped spearhead one of Macau s largest anti-government protests three years ago, when around 20,000 people rallied against a bill offering a generous compensation package to outgoing officials. Macau s leader, Chui, later withdrew it.  In the past four years, people in Macau went through different battles, large and small,  Sou wrote on his Facebook page after his victory.  Today, people in Macau are using their votes to express their determination for change.  Sou couldn t be immediately reached by Reuters for comment.  Unlike neighboring Hong Kong, large-scale protests are rare and grassroot dissent is relatively muted in Macau, a former Portuguese colony which returned to Chinese rule in 1999 under a  one country, two systems  arrangement.  The election took place less than a month after Typhoon Hato wrought havoc in Macau, killing ten people.  The government s failure to warn people of the devastating storm, a lack of preparedness, along with widespread and protracted cuts to power and water supplies drew public anger and exposed Macau s inadequate infrastructure. While the opposition s gain was marginal, critics said the high 57 percent turnout rate and Sou s win should be a wake-up call for the government.    It s an ideal result ... The people came out in greater numbers to support the opposition,  Au Kam-sang, a veteran pro-democracy lawmaker who was re-elected, told Reuters.  It reflects the incompetence of the Macau government and the aftermath of typhoon Hato,  Au added. (This story corrects second paragraph to say previous election was four years ago, not five) ",1
19786,"Nothing should change, says Britain in bid for post-Brexit security pact","LONDON (Reuters) - Britain proposed a new post-Brexit security treaty with the European Union on Monday, seeking to maintain and intensify cooperation to thwart  ever-growing and increasingly cross-border threats . In its sixth policy paper setting out Britain s vision for ties with the EU after it quits the bloc in March 2019, the government said it wanted to keep the benefits of EU security cooperation, arguing it was in both parties  interests to do so. The proposal comes days after a blast on a packed commuter underground train injured 30 people in west London, Britain s fifth major attack this year.   We already have a deep level of collaboration with the EU on security matters and it is in both our interests to find ways to maintain it,  Brexit minister David Davis said in a statement.  A new security treaty with the EU would be underpinned by our shared principles, and should make sure our partnership has the agility to respond to the ever-changing threats we face.  The paper said an entirely new form of agreement on security was necessary because there was no satisfactory precedent for security cooperation between the EU and non-EU states, and that relying on existing models would diminish British and EU defenses. Britain has published a series of  future partnership  policy papers to try to nudge talks with the EU forward, after they have stalled over the divorce settlement, especially over the so-called Brexit bill. Security cooperation is seen by government officials as one of their strongest arguments to gain leverage in the complicated talks to unravel more than 40 years of union. Seeking to ram that point home, Monday s paper simultaneously stressed Britain s importance to EU security, and the need for continued cooperation to respond to future threats as they evolve. Interior minister Amber Rudd said Britain was one of the leading EU contributors to a range of measures, such as data and evidence sharing, extradition measures and to the EU s police agency Europol.  Recent events in the UK and across Europe have shown the criminal and terrorist threats we face are varied and increasingly international. The long-standing collaboration we have with our European partners allows us to jointly address these threats and keep our citizens safe,  she said.  As we prepare to leave the EU it is therefore vital that we agree a new way to ensure continued security, law enforcement and criminal justice cooperation,  Rudd said. The document did not rule out Britain seeking membership of police agency Europol and other bodies, or using the European Arrest Warrant which provides fast-track extradition. Its focus, however, was finding a way to keep the  operational capabilities  provided by those instruments. ",1
19787,Schaeuble warns against divisions in Europe after Brexit 'nonsense',"BERLIN (Reuters) - Describing Brexit as  nonsense , German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble warned on Monday against allowing Europe to divide further along east-west lines, saying this would be a  catastrophe . Speaking at his 75th birthday party in the southwestern town of Offenburg, Schaeuble paused after mentioning Britain in the context of Europe. Laughter broke out among the guests and, in an aside, he said Britons were probably unhappy now with their vote last year to leave the EU.  If we were now to get new divisions between east and west after the British   it was nonsense to take such a decision and they are probably no longer happy with it   that would be a catastrophe,  he said.  We must be clear: we will only have a good future, history shows this, if we hold Europe together, and that means all of Europe,  he added. Schaeuble appeared to be referring to a deepening divide between eastern countries like Poland and Hungary and their EU partners to the west over democratic values, acceptance of refugees and further European integration. French President Emmanuel Macron has been especially critical of governments in Warsaw and Budapest, which the EU says are distancing themselves from core European values like free speech and rule of law. Germany, in part because of its history with Poland, has been less openly critical of its eastern neighbors, but it has tacitly supported Macron and steps by the EU to ratchet up pressure on governments in the east. Many Poles, especially rightwing supporters of the ruling Law and Justice party, are animated by a hatred of Germans dating to World War Two, though relations have warmed up since the end of communism when Germany backed Polish EU membership. Last week, European Commission chief Jean-Claude Juncker stressed his wish to heal divisions between eastern and western states. Juncker also attended Schaeuble s party on Monday and praised him for working to unify the EU.  Schaeuble said those EU states that want to press ahead with closer integration must do so.  But we must also be careful that not only the big states decide. I learned that from Kohl,  he said with reference to late Chancellor Helmut Kohl, with whom he worked on the reunification of Germany. ",1
19788,Turkish tanks drill on Iraqi border week before Kurdish vote,"ANKARA/BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Turkish tanks carried out drills at the Iraqi border on Monday, the army said, a week before a referendum across that frontier on Kurdish independence that Ankara has called a threat to its national security. The exercises came as Turkey, the central government in Baghdad and their shared neighbor Iran all stepped up protests and warnings about the looming plebiscite in semi-autonomous Kurdish northern Iraq. Iran, which like Turkey fears fuelling separatism in its own Kurdish population, warned of unspecified consequences if the vote went ahead.      Turkey s Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said any threats from inside or outside its territory would face immediate retaliation. The military command released pictures of the tanks speeding along roads and kicking up dust during exercises. Iraq s Supreme Federal Court ordered Kurdistan region to suspend the vote, Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi s office said. Baghdad, its neighbors and Western powers fear the referendum could distract attention from the fight against Islamic State militants across the region. But the Kurdish leadership showed no sign of bowing to pressure to call off the vote, including from the United Nations - which urged Erbil to resolve disputes with Baghdad over land and power sharing through dialogue. In Turkey, around 100 military vehicles, mostly tanks, took part in the drill near the Habur border gate, a crossing point into Iraq, the private news agency Dogan said. Vehicles carrying missiles and howitzers also participated. Turkish military sources said the drill was due to run until Sept. 26, a day after the planned Kurdish referendum. Turkey has not spelt out what response it might take if the referendum goes ahead. It has brought forward meetings of the cabinet and its national security council to Friday, three days ahead of the vote, to look again at the situation. Separately, Turkey s military said it carried out an air strike in northern Iraq on Monday and that  four terrorists were neutralized . Turkish forces often launch cross-border attacks they say target members of the outlawed Kurdish PKK group, which has waged an insurgency in southern Turkey for three decades.  Those who are chasing dreams in Syria and Iraq should know very well that any attempt that threatens our national security, from inside or outside our borders, will be immediately retaliated in kind,  Prime Minister Yildirim said in a speech in the southern Turkish town of Sanliurfa.  Kurdish forces have, with U.S. backing, been in the forefront of the battle against Islamic State in Iraq and Syria. The Kurdish involvement in Syria strains relations between Washington and Ankara.  The Iraqi Supreme Federal Court approved Prime Minister Abadi s demand to consider  the breakaway of any region or province from Iraq as unconstitutional , his office said in a statement. The court is responsible for settling disputes between Iraq s central government and regions including Kurdistan, but  has no means to implement its rulings in the Kurdish region which has its own police and government, led by Massoud Barzani. Iran issued a veiled warning to the Kurds that their security could be affected if Iraq s unity was threatened.  Any damage to this strategic principle would lead to the revision of and serious alteration in the existing cooperation between Iran and Iraq s Kurdistan region,  said Ali Shamkhani, the secretary of Iran s Supreme National Security Council,  according to state-run Press TV. Turkey s protests in the build-up to the vote had been relatively muted. It has built good relations with Barzani s semi-autonomous Kurdish administration in northern Iraq, founded on strong economic links as well as Ankara and Erbil s shared suspicions of other Kurdish groups.     The Kurdish Regional Government, led by Barzani s KDP party,exports hundreds of thousands of barrels of oil per day to worldmarkets via Turkey and said on Monday that Russian oil major Rosneft (ROSN.MM) would invest in pipelines in the Kurdish region to export gas to Turkey and Europe.  ",1
19789,French unions and left-wing plan 10 days of action to rattle Macron,"PARIS (Reuters) - President Emmanuel Macron may have won the first round of his battle to overhaul France s economy, but the coming 10 days promise to bring far more protests and unrest to the streets as labor unions and the political left step up their opposition. Last week s demonstration by the Communist Party-linked CGT union against changes to the labor code drew many fewer protesters than expected, with police saying 220,000 people turned out nationwide, against union estimates of 400,000. Despite opposition, the government will adopt the labor reform, which simplifies employment rules and makes hiring and firing easier, on Sept. 22. But even if that battle may be lost for the unions, many workers, retirees, civil servants and youth are not giving up as they look warily toward Macron s longer-term plans to overhaul the unemployment benefit and pensions systems as well. Jean-Luc Melenchon, head of the left-wing La France Insoumise (France Unbowed) party, who sees himself as the main voice of opposition, has described Macron s proposals as a  social coup d etat . He is calling for a mass march on Paris by the party s 530,000 mostly young members on Sept. 23. On Monday, truck drivers belonging to the CFDT union, the largest in the country although politically more centrist, blocked some highways, including in the busy Pas-de-Calais area in the northeast, to protest the labor code changes.   Today is a warning,  Patrick Blaise, secretary general of CFDT s truck drivers, told Le Parisien newspaper.  If they don t listen to us, CFDT s truckers won t stop there.  On Sept. 21, the CGT union is calling for another round of nationwide protests and on Sept. 25 truck drivers belonging to CGT and Force Ouvriere, the third largest union, will begin rolling strikes, including targeting petrol stations. Keeping the pressure on, union groups are calling on retirees to demonstrate on Sept. 28 against increases to social charges, which in France are applied to a variety of income sources and used to fund health care and welfare.  We don t intend to wait until the pension reform proposals to act,  said Fabrice Angei, a senior CGT official.  We need to put an end to the destruction of our social model.  While Macron, 39, has seen his approval rating slump since his resounding election victory in May, he shows no sign of diluting his ambitious plans to retool the economy, including bringing down unemployment stuck above 9 percent for a decade. But both he and Prime Minister Edouard Philippe acknowledge that the changes to the labor code are just the first step in a long program, with the other measures likely to provoke much greater opposition and cause more social disruption.  This second phase is going to take longer than the current one,  Philippe said last week.  Behind these reforms isn t only the desire to relaunch the economy,  he said.  It s about our collective ability to be a country that acts decisively.  ",1
19790,Turkey summons German ambassador as tensions mount,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Turkey summoned Germany s ambassador to its foreign ministry on Monday, Berlin said, amid a mounting row between the two NATO powers. Der Spiegel magazine said Ankara wanted to raise a German parliamentary motion last year that declared the 1915 massacre of Armenians by Ottoman forces a genocide - a description that Turkey has long fiercely rejected. There was no immediate comment from Turkish authorities on the summons or the broader dispute, which has been exacerbated by the German parliamentary vote and Berlin s criticism of Ankara s rights record. Germany s foreign ministry said it was the 17th time its envoy Martin Erdmann had been summoned, underlining the divisions at a time when European powers are counting on Turkey to help contain migrant flows, and to confront Islamic State militants over its borders with Iraq and Syria.  Germany has criticized mass arrests carried out in Turkey since last year s failed coup against President Tayyip Erdogan and demanded the release of around a dozen German or Turkish-German citizens arrested in recent months. Chancellor Angela Merkel, who is seeking re-election on Sunday, has called for Turkey s EU accession talks to be called off. Germany also says it is limiting arms sales to Turkey.  Turkey says Germany has ignored Ankara s requests for the extradition of suspects it believes are linked to the putsch and accused Berlin of using Nazi-like tactics by banning pro-Erdogan rallies on German soil. Turkey, which says the killings of Christian Armenians during World War One do not amount to genocide, already recalled its ambassador to Germany after parliament passed the resolution last year. ",1
19791,China to amend party constitution at October congress,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China s ruling Communist Party is expected to amend its constitution at a key party congress next month, state media said on Monday, in a sign that President Xi Jinping aims to enshrine his guiding ideological doctrine in the charter. Since assuming office almost five years ago, Xi has rapidly consolidated power, with moves such as heading a group leading economic reform and appointing himself military commander-in-chief, although as head of the Central Military Commission he already controls the armed forces. The Politburo, one of the party s elite ruling bodies, deliberated a draft amendment to the constitution to be discussed at the congress that would include  major theoretical viewpoints and major strategic thought , the official Xinhua news agency said.  While the Xinhua report did not elaborate, a key measure of Xi s power will be whether he manages to have his name  crowned  in the constitution, elevating him to the level of previous leaders exemplified by Mao Zedong Thought and Deng Xiaoping Theory. Xi s more recent predecessors, Jiang Zemin and Hu Jintao, both had the party constitution amended to include their guiding thoughts, but without their names directly attached. Jiang has his  Three Represents,  which embraced private entrepreneurs, written in, while Hu, Xi s immediate predecessor, had his economic doctrine of  scientific development  included. The party has been pushing Xi s  Four Comprehensives,  which refer to China working  comprehensively  to build a moderately prosperous society and strengthen reforms, rule of law and party discipline, but it is not clear yet what wording could be put into the constitution to reflect Xi s thought.  Amending the constitution at the 19th CPC National Congress on the basis of the new situation and tasks would promote the development of socialism with Chinese characteristics and Party building,  Xinhua said.  The amendments should include the key theories and strategic thoughts presented by a work report  at the start of the congress, which opens on Oct. 18, it added. The amended constitution should fully represent the latest  sinicisation  of Marxism, new governance concepts and  the fresh experiences in adhering to, and strengthening, Party leadership, and in strict Party governance , Xinhua said.  The amendment should make the Communist Party more vigorous, stronger and enable it to keep a close connection with the people.  The draft amendment will be submitted on Oct. 11 to a party plenary meeting, it added, a smaller scale gathering of about 200 of the most senior leaders to finalize the agenda for the congress. ",1
19792,"Nepal holds final round of municipal polls, ethnic grievances remain","KATHMANDU (Reuters) - Nepalis began voting in the final round of municipal elections on Monday, an important step before a general election in November that will complete a near decade-long democratic transition after the abolition of Nepal s monarchy. The final round of voting covers parts of the restive southern plains that border India and are dominated by the ethnic Madhesi people. More than 2.6 million people are eligible to choose more than 6,000 representatives in 136 municipal, officials said. Voting in the area had been delayed since June after the Rastriya Janata Party Nepal (RJPN), which dominates the area, called for a boycott of the poll, a call that was only partially successful. Scores of people were killed in 2015 and 2016, mainly in clashes with police, in protests by the Madhesis against a new constitution that they said left them marginalised and favoured those living in the hills.     The Madhesis are demanding a unified homeland and greater participation in state organs, including parliament, the judiciary, bureaucracy, and the national army. However, lawmakers rejected a government proposal last month to amend the constitution and meet some of the Madhesis  demands. Pressure had mounted on the RJPN to take part in the municipal polls after some of its members quit the party and took part in the second round of polls in June. The first round was held in May.  We ll now take our demands to the people through this election and get them passed in future with their support,  Sarbendra Nath Shukla, a senior RJPN leader, told Reuters. The municipal elections, the first since 1997, are an attempt by the national government to restore democracy at the local level after a decade-long civil war that ended in 2006 and years of instability after the monarchy was abolished in 2008. They will serve as a barometer of public opinion ahead of the Nov. 26 general election. ",1
19793,Iceland sets snap election for Oct. 28: president,"COPENHAGEN (Reuters) - Iceland will hold a snap parliamentary election on Oct. 28, President Gudni Johannesson said on Monday, after the current government collapsed last week due to a scandal involving the prime minister s father. Prime Minister Bjarni Benediktsson had called for the vote after one party in the ruling coalition quit the government formed less than nine months ago. The outgoing government would be the shortest-living in Iceland s history. The previous government was felled by the Panama Papers scandal over offshore tax havens. ",1
19794,"U.S. bombers, fighter jets in bombing drill over Korean peninsula: South Korea","SEOUL (Reuters) - The U.S. military on Monday flew a pair of B-1B bombers and F-35 fighter jets in bombing drills with South Korea over the Korean peninsula, in a show of force against North Korea, South Korea s Defence Ministry said. The bombers flew from Guam and the fighters flew from Japan, joined by six South Korean fighter jets in the drill, a South Korean defense ministry official said. ",1
19795,North Korea says more sanctions will spur it to hasten nuclear plans,"SEOUL (Reuters) - The more sanctions the United States and its allies impose on North Korea, the faster it will move to complete its nuclear plans, the reclusive nation s official KCNA news agency said on Monday, citing a foreign ministry spokesman. The latest sanctions imposed by the U.N. Security Council represent  the most vicious, unethical and inhumane act of hostility to physically exterminate the people of the DPRK, let alone its system and government,  the spokesman said on Monday, using the North s official name, the Democratic People s Republic of Korea. The U.N. Security Council unanimously passed a U.S.-drafted resolution a week ago mandating tougher new sanctions against Pyongyang that included banning textile imports and capping crude and petrol supply. ",1
19796,Lebanese woman shot dead by four-year-old son in gun accident,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - A woman in south Lebanon was killed on Monday after her four-year-old son accidentally shot her with a hunting rifle, a security source and the state news agency NNA said. The incident followed another accidental death in which an 11-year-old boy shot his 8-year-old relative last week in another town in southern Lebanon, NNA said. Gun control is not strict in Lebanon. People have regularly been killed by stray bullets shot during celebrations political events. Lebanese officials have often called for restraint of gun use and celebratory gunfire. ",1
19797,Duterte invites U.N. rights body to open Philippine office as drug killings climb,"MANILA (Reuters) - Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte on Monday invited the United Nations  human rights monitor to set up office in the country and join all anti-narcotic operations, amid growing public and global criticism of his bloody war on drugs.   I will personally through an official channel invite the human rights commission to set up a satellite office here,  Duterte told reporters after attending the wake of a slain policeman, referring to the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR).  I will tell police station commanders, do not operate without a representative of the U.N. human rights commission and everybody must wear a camera so it will all be transparent.  The comments were a marked change from Duterte s usual disdain for the United Nations, which he once threatened to withdraw from after U.N. human rights experts and rapporteurs expressed concern about the huge death toll in his signature war on drugs. Thousands of people, mostly poor urban Filipinos, have been killed since he took office in June 2016. The OHCHR had no immediate comment on Duterte s remarks. Duterte has also made a public debate with U.N. envoys a prerequisite for any visit or investigation related to the anti-drug campaign. His outreach to the United Nations comes as the Philippine National Police (PNP) comes under heavy criticism over the deaths in August of two teenagers. Police say they were killed in self defense, but activists and political opponents have said it was cold-blooded murder.  Duterte and his allies were chided last week after lawmakers allied with Duterte supported giving the Philippines Commission on Human Rights an annual budget of just 1,000 pesos ($19.55), which critics at home and abroad said would be tantamount to destroying a constitutional body. The firebrand leader in a speech on Saturday taunted CHR head Chito Gascon by asking him if he was gay, or a pedophile, and if he was  smitten with teenagers , referring to his comments about the latest incident. Duterte on Monday said he had no plan to abolish the CHR. He also said the proposed 678 million peso budget would be used to buy body cameras for the PNP during anti-drug operations, to show transparency. More than 3,800 people have been killed in police anti-drugs operations in the past 15 months and at least 2,100 other homicides were likely drug-related. Police reject allegations by human rights groups that they are executing suspected users and dealers. ",1
19798,China Communist Party complains about 'fabricated' Twitter account,"BEIJING (Reuters) - The youth wing of China s ruling Communist Party on Monday said it had complained to social network Twitter  about a fake account set up in its name that has tweeted sarcastic comments about the Communist Party. China blocks Twitter and other Western sites, such as Facebook and Google, but that has not stopped some state media and government departments from setting up Twitter and Facebook accounts in Chinese and English as they seek to expand their global footprint. In a brief statement on its Weibo account, China s answer to Twitter, the Youth League labeled the @ComYouthLeague Twitter account  completely fabricated , saying it had asked for it to be  handled . The statement did not elaborate. It displayed a screenshot of the account with the phrase  fake goods  stamped across it in Chinese. A second picture showed the Youth League s official social media accounts, including those on Weibo and WeChat. It did not include any foreign social media sites. Twitter did not immediately respond to a request for comment. The account the Youth League labeled as fake sent its first tweet on Sept. 12, and has sent 10 tweets to date. One linked to an article on the official Xinhua news agency about a Chinese being detained for selling VPN services that help people skirt internet curbs and asked why people needed to do this, if China had such a  wonderful internet culture . It is not clear who set up the account, but it calls itself the Youth League s official Twitter account and carries a link to the League s official website. Adding to the confusion, another Twitter account claiming to be the Youth League s, @ccylchina, was also launched last week, though its content conforms to the party s point of view. Neither account is officially verified by Twitter. The Youth League did not answer telephone calls seeking comment. The Youth League has 88 million members aged between 14 and 28, mainly party and government officials who have been groomed for decades as potential future rulers. With more than 5 million followers on Weibo, it has aggressively courted Chinese social media, extending its reach to platforms previously neglected by mainstream propaganda bodies. In July, the Youth League made its latest online foray into Netease music, one of China s largest online music streaming sites, with songs on its playlist ranging from the Internationale to raps by Taiwanese singing sensation Jay Chou. ",1
19799,Lawyer for detained Myanmar journalists denied access in Bangladesh,"DHAKA (Reuters) - A lawyer for two Myanmar journalists detained in Bangladesh while reporting on the influx of thousands of Rohingya Muslims from Myanmar said on Monday he had been denied access to them amid concern over their well-being.  The journalists, Minzayar Oo and Hkun Lat, were detained more than a week ago in the Cox s Bazar border district in Bangladesh, where refugees are arriving from Myanmar to escape a military offensive against insurgents that the United Nations has described as ethnic cleansing. Bangladesh police said the pair were detained for engaging in journalistic work for a German magazine while on tourist visas. On Thursday, a court refused them bail. Jyotirmoy Barua, their lawyer, said he had gone to the prison to meet them about a petition he planned to file in a higher court seeking their release.  But prison authorities refused him permission and did not say why, he said, adding that he had asked for court and police documents to prepare an appeal on behalf of the two. Myanmar has said it is seeking information about the two through diplomatic channels. More than 410,000 refugees from Myanmar have poured into Bangladesh since Aug. 25, when attacks by Rohingya militants on security posts triggered a Myanmar army operation in response. Myanmar denies ethnic cleansing, saying its forces are conducting a legitimate campaign against terrorists. Germany s GEO magazine, which had assigned Minzayar Oo to cover the Rohingya crisis, said he had traveled to Bangladesh on Sept. 6, along with Hkun Lat, and was detained the next day.  We are very concerned that the lawyer is being denied access,  Christoph Kucklick, editor-in-chief of GEO, said in a joint statement with Adrian Evans, director of Panos Pictures, of which Minzayar Oo is a member.  Even more disconcerting is that the authorities are stating that Minzayar Oo and Hkun Lat were detained on September 13   whereas in reality they have been in police custody since September 7,  the magazine said.  We need to know that they are well treated and physically unharmed.  Minzayar Oo is one of Myanmar s most prominent photographers and has worked for various media outlets, covering the country s emergence from military rule.  Hkun Lat is also a well-known photographer in Myanmar and has won prizes for his coverage of conflict in frontier regions. ",1
19800,"UK government, including Johnson, united behind May's Brexit plan: spokeswoman","LONDON (Reuters) - British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson and the rest of Prime Minister Theresa May s top team of ministers are united behind the government s plan for Brexit, May s spokeswoman said on Monday. Johnson was accused by cabinet colleagues on Sunday of  backseat driving  on Brexit after setting out his own vision of the country s future outside the EU, days before May is due to speak about Britain s departure from the bloc.  The foreign secretary s views are well known, he expressed them during the referendum campaign. What is important is that the foreign secretary and cabinet are united behind the government s plan for Brexit,  May s spokeswoman told reporters when asked if it was helpful for ministers to set out their own visions for Brexit. The prime minister values the contributions of all of her cabinet colleagues, the spokeswoman added. ",1
19801,Priest rescued as Philippine troops retake Marawi militant stronghold,"MANILA (Reuters) - Philippine troops rescued a catholic priest held hostage for almost four months by Islamic State-linked rebels after an offensive that captured a stronghold of the militants in southern Marawi City, defense officials said on Monday. Marawi s vicar-general Father Teresito  Chito  Soganub was kidnapped along with other Christians as militants rampaged through the city on May 23, burning churches and schools, releasing prisoners and seizing arms in a well-planned assault. Soganub, flanked by Defence Secretary Delfin Lorenzana and military chief General Eduardo Ano, appeared to be in good health and high spirits when he was presented to the media in Manila. He expressed his thanks but gave no statement.  Our troops gained the upper hand, the terrorists were forced to withdraw to nearby structures on the periphery of the mosque,  Lorenzana told a media briefing in Manila, referring to the Bato mosque held by the rebels for 117 days.  Troops had opportunity to snatch Father Chito...  The appearance of Soganub is some rare good news for a military that has suffered a string of setbacks in Marawi, from deadly accidents during a controversial campaign of air strikes to repeatedly missing deadlines on when the battle would be won. The siege of the city by an alliance of rebels from the island of Mindanao, and numerous foreign fighters, has been the biggest internal security crisis in years for the Philippines, a country used to separatist and communist rebellions. Soganub made an appearance under duress in a militant propaganda video about a week after his capture, urging the government to stop the military operation in Marawi in exchange for sparing lives of hostages. The priest was among scores held by militants at the Bato mosque, one of Marawi s largest, which troops captured on Saturday afternoon. He was rescued along with another hostage, Lordvin Ocopio. The rebels who laid siege to Marawi are from an extremist faction of the Abu Sayyaf group, led by Isnilon Hapilon, the so-called  emir  of  Southeast Asia, and members of the militant Maute family, which has deep clan connections in the lakeside town and surrounding areas.   Military chief Ano said about 10 foreigners were still in the battle among some 50-60 rebels, who were holding 45-50 hostages.  Hapilon was among those still fighting but several of the Maute brothers were likely dead, Ano added, citing information provided by civilians who escaped and some captured rebels.  As of Monday, 149 members of government forces had died in combat, along with 47 civilians. More than 670 militants have been killed, according to a military estimate of bodies recovered and targets hit. ",1
19802,Japan PM Abe says to decide timing of election on return from U.N. trip,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said he will decide on the timing of a snap general election after he returns on Friday from a trip this week to address the United Nations.  Regarding the dissolution of the lower house, I would like to refrain from commenting on every question, but I would like to make a decision when I return home,  Abe told reporters on Monday as he left for New York, according to a Foreign Ministry transcript. Abe is considering calling a general election, the third since he swept to power in December 2012, as early as Oct. 22, to take advantage of a rebound in his approval ratings after a series of scandals for this coalition government, and disarray in the main opposition party, government and ruling party sources told Reuters on Sunday.     Abe is scheduled to speak at the UN General Assembly and the New York Stock Exchange on Wednesday, and is seeking to arrange meetings with U.S. President Donald Trump and South Korean President Moon Jae-in before returning to Japan on Friday. An early vote would take advantage of defections in opposition Democratic Party and could also dilute a potential challenge from an embryonic party that allies of popular Tokyo Governor Yuriko Koike, an ex-LDP lawmaker, are trying to form.  Abe s coalition would be likely to lose its two-thirds  super majority  in the lower house but keep a simple majority, political sources say. ",1
19803,Malaysia scraps beer festival following Islamists' objections,"KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - Malaysian authorities scrapped an annual beer festival on Monday after an Islamist party objected to the event that had been planned for the first weekend of October in the country s capital. Though there are plenty of beer drinkers among the sizable Chinese and Indian minorities, protests against events deemed to be  western  and unIslamic - such as concerts and festivals involving alcohol - are common in Muslim-majority Malaysia and are usually led by the Pan-Malaysian Islamic Party (PAS). Kuala Lumpur City Hall (DBKL) said in a short statement on Monday that it has rejected the application for a permit by the organizers of the  Better Beer Festival 2017  to host the event, which would have entered its sixth year.  If the organizers continue with the event without DBKL s approval, action will be taken in accordance to existing laws,  city hall said. Mybeer (M) Sdn Bhd, the company organizing the event, said in a separate statement that they were informed by DBKL officials that the decision was made  due to the political sensitivity surrounding the event . A member of PAS  central committee, Riduan Mohd Nor, said in a statement on Sept. 10 that there is no guarantee that such events would not lead to criminal acts, rape and free sex. Opponents of the beer festival also launched a campaign on Facebook to block the event. Around 6,000 people had been expected to attend the two-day festival, which would have featured craft beers from at least 11 countries, according to Facebook posts by the organizers and local news reports. ",1
19804,South Africa tax agency wants parliament to probe KPMG,"PRETORIA (Reuters) - South Africa s revenue service will ask parliament to investigate global auditor KPMG for its  immoral conduct  in releasing details of a confidential report it produced for the tax agency, commissioner Tom Moyane said on Monday. KPMG cleared out its South African leadership en masse on Friday after damning findings from an internal investigation into work done for businessmen friends of President Jacob Zuma. Moyane said SARS had cut all ties with KPMG. ",1
19805,China arrests Japanese citizen suspected of spying,"BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese authorities on Monday arrested a Japanese citizen suspected of spying, local state media said. The arrest was made in the port city of Dalian in the northeastern Liaoning province, which borders North Korea, the official Dalian Daily s online report said. The report said Ken Higuchi was being investigated by the Dalian City National Security Bureau on suspicion of spying against China, and that prosecutors had approved his arrest. The character given for Higuchi s first name could also be the names Takeshi or Takeru. It was unclear from the report, however, whether Higuchi was a new case or whether he had been detained earlier, and the latest development was his formal arrest. China detained six Japanese nationals in March on suspicion of illegal activities. Four of the six returned to Japan in July, three of whom were there doing geological research into hotsprings, according to their employer. China s foreign ministry also in July said that a single Japanese citizen was being investigated on suspicion of harming China s national security. Reuters was unable to contact Japan s foreign ministry by telephone. Monday was a national holiday in Japan. China s relationship with Japan has been strained for decades over the legacy of Japan s wartime aggression, while a maritime territorial dispute over small islands in the East China Sea has in recent years added to the suspicion between the two sides. In 2010, four Japanese nationals were detained in China on suspicion of entering a military zone and taking photographs without permission. At least two Japanese citizens were arrested on suspicion of espionage in 2015. Last year, China said it was investigating a Japanese citizen on suspicion of endangering national security. ",1
19806,Biafra separatists sponsored by Nigerian government's opponents: minister,"ABUJA (Reuters) - A Nigerian minister accused the government s political opponents of sponsoring a campaign for secession in part of southeast Nigeria formerly known as Biafra, where unrest has been rising. Secessionist sentiment has simmered in the southeast since the Biafra separatist rebellion plunged Africa s most populous country into a civil war in 1967-70 that killed an estimated one million people.  Campaigners from the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) have intensified calls for secession since their leader, Nnamdi Kanu, was released on bail in April. He was detained nearly two years on charges of criminal conspiracy and belonging to an illegal society. The military on Friday labeled IPOB a  terrorist organization  after a week in which it was accused of surrounding Kanu s home in the southeastern Abia state, which it denied, and a curfew was imposed in the state.  Lai Mohammed, the information minister, said late on Sunday that IPOB was set up as  a tool to destabilize the nation  sponsored by people he called a  coalition of the politically disgruntled and the treasury looters .   They believe that by sponsoring this group to destabilize the country and trigger chaos, they will realize their ambition of escaping justice and then be free to dip their hands into the nation s treasury again,  he said.  He did not accuse any people or groups by name. The minister also said Kanu had previously publicly supported Nigeria s unity when President Muhammadu Buhari s predecessor, Goodluck Jonathan, was in power.  Buhari s administration, formed from his All Progressives Congress (APC) party, took office in May 2015. The opposition People s Democratic Party (PDP) ruled for 16 years prior to Buhari coming to power.  A number of former government officials have faced corruption charges, which they have denied, since Buhari took office. The PDP has accused the president of mounting a witch-hunt against its members. ",1
19807,"Russia says U.S., Ukraine reject its U.N. proposal for Eastern Ukraine: TASS","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Moscow s ambassador to the United Nations said the United States and Ukraine have told Russia they will not work on a Russian proposal to deploy United Nations peacekeepers in eastern Ukraine, the TASS news agency reported. Russian President Vladimir Putin this month suggested armed U.N. peacekeepers be deployed to eastern Ukraine to help protect ceasefire monitors from the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) and to help end a conflict between Ukrainian troops and Russia-backed separatists, which has killed more than 10,000 people since 2014. Putin originally said the peacekeepers should be deployed along the line of contact between Ukrainian government forces and pro-Russian separatists, but later said they could also be deployed in other areas where OSCE inspectors work.  However, Washington and Kiev also want peacekeepers to be deployed along those parts of Ukraine s border with Russia which Kiev does not control. TASS cited Vasily Nebenzia, Moscow s U.N. ambassador, as saying on Monday the United States and Ukraine had formally told Russia in the United Nations Security Council that they were unwilling to work on Moscow s draft resolution on the subject because they had too many objections to it.  The U.S. and Ukrainian delegations said after the first discussion that they were not ready to work on the (Russian) text in future,  Nebenzia was cited as saying.   (They said) they had significant objections and that, possibly, the Ukrainians would have a counter proposal to deploy peacekeepers to Donbass (eastern Ukraine).  Moscow was not abandoning its own proposal, however, said Nebenzia, saying it would continue to advance it when the conditions were right.  Ukraine has advocated an alternative plan that would ban any Russian nationals from taking part in a peacekeeping mission which it wants deployed along the part of its border with Russia which it does not control, an idea Moscow has so far baulked at. ",1
19808,Vietnam jails dissident for five years in crackdown on activists,"HANOI (Reuters) - A court in Vietnam jailed dissident Nguyen Van Oai for a further five years on Monday for violating the terms of his probation after a spell in prison, his lawyer said. Human rights groups have expressed alarm over the Communist-ruled country s biggest crackdown on activists in years. Oai, 36, was arrested in January while on probation after a 2013 sentence for activities aimed at overthrowing the government. He had been released in 2015.  On Monday, the people s court in Nghe An, central Vietnam, also found him guilty of resisting security personnel in performing their duty. He was given another four years on probation as well as the prison sentence.  Oai said he was innocent and he would appeal,  his lawyer, Ha Huy Son, told Reuters. The court made no immediate comment. Despite sweeping economic reforms and growing openness to social change, Vietnam s Communist Party retains tight media censorship and does not tolerate criticism.  ",1
19809,Wild elephants trample two Rohingya refugees in Bangladesh: police,"COX S BAZAR, Bangladesh (Reuters) - Wild elephants trampled to death two Rohingya Muslims in Bangladesh on Monday when they rampaged through a settlement where the refugees were taking shelter after fleeing a military offensive in neighboring Myanmar. More than 410,000 refugees from Myanmar have poured into Bangladesh since Aug. 25 when attacks by Rohingya militants on security posts triggered a Myanmar army operation that the United Nations has described as ethnic cleansing.  There are elephants in the forest, close to the place where many Rohingya refugees are clearing forest to make huts,  police official Chailau Murma told Reuters. An elderly person and a toddler were killed when the elephants rampaged through the area, he said. Three other people were taken to hospital to be treated for injuries, a refugee camp leader said.  Police said the elephants later disappeared back into the forest.   The refugees are facing dire conditions with insufficient food, water, medical care and shelter, and regular drenchings from monsoon rains that have turned roads into quagmires. Bangladeshi authorities say they aim to move everyone out of so-called spontaneous sites, usually beside roads where people try to make shelters wherever they are, into one big camp where aid supplies can be properly distributed. ",1
19810,Growing unease as India curbs the net to keep the peace,"MUMBAI (Reuters) - First he tried messaging friends, but WhatsApp was down. Then, the credit card readers at his clothing store weren t working. Ride-sharing apps were offline too.  Harsh Madhok, who runs a clothing business in Jaipur, a city of three million people, had read about internet shutdowns elsewhere in India.     Now he was in the middle of one in his city in central India, as authorities tried to damp down unrest following a traffic incident that led to clashes between police and locals.  It s very frustrating,  said Madhok, 45, of the Sept. 9 shutdown.  These things leave you feeling like you don t know what s going on.  Under the rule of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, India s Hindu nationalist leader, Internet shutdowns have escalated sharply in the world s largest democracy.  According to a database maintained by the Software Freedom Law Centre, an online advocacy group in New Delhi, government officials ordered shutdowns 42 times between January and August in 2017. That compares with six times in all of 2014, when Modi first came to power. This year the shutdowns were spread over 11 states, compared to just one in 2012. The disconnections, which state governments have said are necessary for maintaining public order, typically happen without official explanation.  They have followed farmer agitations, protests by a minority community calling for government jobs, and public violence sparked by a Facebook post. The frequency of the shutdowns has raised concerns that internal security is being used as a justification to clamp down on freedom of expression. That refrain has been heard more frequently since Modi s party, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), won elections in 2014 with an emphasis on security.  If citizens are using the internet to mobilize themselves, then how is shutting down the internet any different from suppressing dissent?  an editorial in Mint asked in July. Until this year, shutdowns were implemented under colonial-era curfew laws that were used as the basis for rules requiring internet service providers to shut off connections at the request of any government agency. In early August, the Ministry of Communications issued new explicit rules that formalized the power of states and the central government to block the internet.  These rules are among the first of their kind in a democracy,  said Raman Jit Singh Chima, policy director of Access Now, a U.S.-based organization that works on technology policy and digital rights worldwide.  How they re used, and their scale - they seem to be creating an architecture where blocking is legitimized,  Chima said.  What s changed, I think, is that officials have greater knowledge of the power they can utilize,  said Apar Gupta, a lawyer who handles free-speech cases before the Supreme Court. Other countries, such as Egypt, have also used internet shutdowns, and China controls the flow of online information through an extensive firewall. However, analysts like Chima worry about the frequency of the shutdowns in India, which have risen sharply since Modi came to power. From January 2012   the date of the first shutdown recorded by the Software Freedom Law Centre (SFLC)   to May 2014, when the BJP swept out the ruling coalition headed by the Congress party, local and federal officials ordered 12 shutdowns. Since Modi s election, 89 shutdowns have been ordered, with 74 at the behest of his party or its allies at the central, state and district levels, an analysis of SFLC data showed. So far, the shutdowns have been met with little opposition, apart from frustration expressed by users like Madhok over the curtailing of online services.  There s been no outcry about the shutdowns because it s perceived to be for the greater good,  said Nitin Pai, the co-founder of the Takshashila Institution, a Bangalore think tank. Nalin Kohli, a national spokesman for the BJP, said the shutdowns were acceptable in cases  where rumor-mongering or motivated misinformation could lead to the incitement of violence.  He added:  It is not the norm, it is the exception.   In Jaipur, the shutdown lasted two days. But disconnections can last hours, weeks, and even months. In a June statement, Human Rights Watch said  the authorities in Jammu and Kashmir suspended mobile internet services in the Kashmir region from July to November  in 2016.  The Office of the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights said the restrictions in the Kashmir region, where 100 people have died in clashes since troops killed a militant leader in July 2016, had  the character of collective punishment.  In 2016, Gupta, the lawyer, argued before India s Supreme Court on behalf of a law student who had earlier approached the Gujarat High Court to restrict internet shutdowns. The High Court disagreed, saying that officials used their powers responsibly. The Supreme Court declined to hear the matter, letting the high court s verdict stand. ",1
19811,"Late summer rains, private food supplies limit impact of North Korea drought","SEOUL (Reuters) - Late summer rains and the growing importance of privately produced crops mean North Korea will likely avoid acute food shortages this year despite earlier fears of drought and mounting international sanctions, defectors and experts say.   The U.N. s Food and Agriculture Organisation (FAO) warned in July of the worst drought in 16 years in the country, saying there were  serious concerns  about a lack of rainfall in key cereal-producing areas.      People said they delayed planting because it was too dry in the early spring, but right after that it rained,  said Kang Mi-jin at the Seoul-based Daily NK, a website run by defectors.  Crop conditions are fine now,  said Kang, who said she had cross-checked the news of the harvest with several sources still inside North Korea. Weather data for areas in China that border North Korea s main crop zones show rains picked up from August, helping to alleviate dry conditions. U.S. Department of Agriculture satellite images suggest North Korea s crop yields will be similar to last year, said Kim Young-hui, a North Korean defector and a specialist in the country s economy at Korea Finance Corp in Seoul.  North Korea experienced a crippling famine in the 1990s when a combination of bad weather, economic mismanagement and the demise of fuel subsidies from the Soviet Union all but destroyed its state-run Public Distribution System (PDS) of rationing. The FAO report, which described the PDS as the  main source of food  for around 70 percent of the population, said increased food imports would be required to ensure adequate food supplies for the most at-risk groups, including children and elderly. However, the rise of privately produced food sold in North Korean markets has slowly overtaken the PDS as the primary distributor of food, a factor which experts say official U.N. reports overlook.     The reports, often produced in conjunction with the North Korean government, may not be able to focus on markets given the political sensitivity of inherently capitalist activity in a state which still outwardly professes to maintain a Soviet-style command economy, experts say.  Many people rely completely on the markets and off-the-books private farming for their food,  said Sokeel Park of Liberty in North Korea, an organization which aids defectors.  Corrupt officials will also siphon off government supplies and sell them for profit,  said Park.  This means international agencies  regurgitation of Pyongyang s official food data should be taken with a pinch of salt .             In the years since the famine, farmers have also been granted increasing autonomy at local levels to proactively change crops, staving off the risk of food shortages, and reducing the reliance on imports. North Korea s grain imports totaled $26.5 million in 2016, down from $139.2 million in 2012, according to the state-run Korea Trade-Investment Promotion Agency. January to June imports this year were just $10.6 million, albeit up sharply on the $3 million over the same period a year go. Prices in North Korean markets have remained relatively stable and continue to be a reliable source of food, according to defectors who closely monitor North Korean market prices and activity. The U.N. s World Food Programme (WFP) said there was still very little direct information available on how important markets are for household food access. WFP was consulting with the North Korean government to carry out more detailed studies on food security later this year, it said in an emailed response to questions. Another threat to North Korea s food security was an increase in U.N. sanctions following the country s sixth and largest nuclear bomb test earlier this month. The U.N. Security Council unanimously agreed to a range of new measures including imposing a ban on the country s textile exports and capping imports of crude oil and fuel. Gasoline and diesel prices rose sharply since the nuclear test, market data analyzed by Reuters on Monday showed. The sanctions were likely to hit essential items such as oil, sugar, salt, vinegar and milk powder, which are imported, controlled centrally and distributed via state shops at subsidized prices, the WFP said. But in contrast to more developed countries, agriculture in North Korea relies much more on mass-mobilization of workers rather than mechanization such as harvesters and tractors.  So while a lack of oil would likely slow the harvest, the overall impact would not be significant, according to Linda Lewis of the American Friends Service Committee, an NGO running farm projects in North Korea.       Fuel shortages are not a new problem, and North Korean farmers are quite resourceful,  Lewis said. ",1
19812,Thai junta and Muslim separatists trade blame over peace steps,"BANGKOK (Reuters) - Thailand s junta and a Malay Muslim separatist faction have blamed each other for a delay in setting up a  safety zone  as a confidence-building measure towards ending a decades-old insurgency. Talks on the zone ended last week in Malaysia without full agreement to be followed by bombings that killed a soldier and a policeman in the Thai south, where more than 6,500 people have been killed since 2004. No group claimed responsibility for the latest attacks.  On Monday, the Mara Patani faction said that implementing a safety zone had been  a little delayed , because some details,  especially from the Thai side , had not been satisfactorily addressed, but that did not mean talks had failed.  The correct approach is to continue dialogue, not walking away from it,  Abu Hafez Al-Hakim, a leader of the group, said in a statement. At the weekend, Thailand s chief negotiator had said the insurgents were not ready for the safety zone, despite the sincerity of the Thai government.  If the dissidents are not ready, then people s participation in the process will be delayed,  General Aksara Kerdphol said, adding that talks would continue. The proposed safety zone would be jointly administered by Thai authorities and the separatists in a district of the three southern provinces that formed part of a Malay Muslim sultanate until being annexed by the mostly Buddhist Thai kingdom in 1909. Within the safety zone, neither side would attack the other.  If you want to create peace you have to work with your enemy,  Al-Hakim told Reuters, saying he was hopeful a safety zone could be set up within three to six months. But the Barisan Revolusi Nasional (BRN) group, which has greater control over combatants than other factions, has not joined talks. A leader of the group told Reuters last week that the current negotiations were doomed. Pak Fakih said in a rare interview that safety zones could be  a trick by the military in trying to uncover the insurgent networks . The BRN neither claims nor denies responsibility for any specific attack, but says it is continuing to fight to send a signal to the government. The leader of another insurgent group, Patani United Liberation Organization (PULO), also said he was uneasy about the government s safety zone plan, but would go along with it in the spirit of cooperation. Violence would continue for now as the only way to get the government to listen, Kasturi Mahkota told Reuters. ",1
19813,German liberals would expect finance ministry in Merkel coalition,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany s Free Democrats (FDP) would want the finance ministry in exchange for joining Chancellor Angela Merkel in the country s next coalition government, a member of the party s executive said. Setting out conditions days before federal elections that Merkel is almost certain to win, albeit short of an absolute majority, the FDP also ruled out partnering her conservatives if she supported French plans to deepen fiscal integration in the euro zone. Often viewed as Merkel s natural allies, the socially liberal FDP were part of her second government from 2009 to 2013. They crashed out of parliament that year but are hoping to re-enter the legislature on Sunday as the third-largest party. Current Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble, of Merkel s Christian Democrats (CDU), has held the post since 2009 and is the most high-profile member of her cabinet. But Alexander Hahn, a member of the FDP s national executive, said the ministry should go to someone from his party.  The FDP should enter no government in which it cannot name a finance minister,  Hahn told mass-market daily Bild in remarks published on Monday. On Sunday, FDP leader Christian Lindner said setting the agenda for Europe was the most important issue for his party in any coalition talks with the conservatives after the Sept. 24 vote.  I fear that Ms Merkel has already agreed to new funding mechanisms (for the EU) with (French President Emmanuel) Macron,  he told the Welt am Sonntag newspaper.   Everything that goes in the direction of financial transfer on the European level, be it a euro zone budget or a banking union, is a red line for us . Macron, who is to present his views on the future of the euro zone on Sept. 26, has called for a finance minister and a standalone budget for the bloc, while European Commission chief Jean-Claude Juncker on Wednesday urged EU governments to use economic recovery as a springboard toward closer union. Merkel has said she would work with Macron on strengthening the euro zone. But Germany remains insistent that member states should take primary responsibility for their own economic problems, a principle whose prime exponent has been Schaeuble. He is revered by a significant part of the conservative voter base who see him as a guardian of their austerity-oriented interests in the euro zone. The FDP, who held the foreign minister in their last union with the conservatives, have reinvented themselves under Lindner, who preaches a hard line on Europe. They are polling 8 to 10 percent in surveys, while Merkel s conservatives are on around 37 percent, leaving their combined forces just short of a majority. Analysts say completing a banking union and creating a euro zone budget would provide more stability for the currency bloc, and that a conservative/FDP coalition might threaten such plans.  I fear there could be a strong reaction on bond markets should the FDP push for a literal enforcement of fiscal rules or for an expulsion of Greece as part of a future ruling coalition,  said Martin Lueck of asset manager BlackRock. A grand coalition with the centre-left Social Democrats (SPD), Merkel s current partners and polling around 23 percent, would make it much easier for the chancellor to work with Macron on overhauling the euro zone. The centre-left SPD have often criticized Schaeuble s tough stance on Greece and have even backed the idea of common euro zone debt. The FDP are fighting for third spot against the anti-immigrant Alternative for Germany (AfD), which is forecast to enter parliament for the first time. ",1
19814,Chinese space official promoted as part of military reshuffle,"BEIJING (Reuters) - A senior Chinese space official and military officer has been promoted to run the People s Liberation Army s key equipment development department, the military said on Monday, part of a reshuffle ahead of next month s Communist Party congress. China s armed forces, the world s largest, are ramping up their capabilities with new equipment like aircraft carriers and stealth fighters as the country pursues a more assertive stance in the disputed East and South China Seas and seeks to project power far from home shores. In a brief story on its website about a military technology exhibition in Beijing, the Defence Ministry named Li Shangfu as the new head of the military s Equipment Development Department. It gave no other details of his appointment. According to his official resume, Li was previously director of one of China s main satellite launch sites in Xichang in the southwestern province of Sichuan and has been involved in missions to explore the moon. The U.S. Defense Department has highlighted China s increasing space capabilities, saying it was pursuing activities aimed at preventing other nations from using space-based assets in a crisis. China insists it has only peaceful ambitions in space, but has tested anti-satellite missiles. Li, 59, takes over from Zhang Youxia, who has likely reached retirement age. Li could be promoted to Zhang s position on the Central Military Commission, which is in overall charge of the People s Liberation Army, when the party holds its once-in-five-years congress in Beijing next month. However, sources familiar with the matter have told Reuters that the commission may be cut down to Xi and four vice-chairmen, doing away with committee members and streamlining reporting lines. President Xi Jinping, who is commander-in-chief of China s armed forces, currently chairs the commission, which also comprises two vice-chairmen and eight committee members. China s military is preparing a sweeping leadership reshuffle, dropping top generals, including two that sources say are under investigation for corruption. China earlier this month also appointed new commanders for its army and air force.  ",1
19815,North Korea fuel prices soar after U.N. sanctions capping supply,"(Reuters) - Gasoline and diesel prices rose sharply in North Korea after its sixth nuclear test and as the U.N. Security Council imposed new sanctions capping fuel supply, market data analyzed by Reuters on Monday showed.  The Security Council unanimously passed a resolution on Sept. 11 banning exports of condensates and natural gas liquids to the North and capping the annual supply of refined petroleum products at two million barrels and crude at its current levels. The price of gasoline sold by private dealers in the capital Pyongyang and northern border cities of Sinuiju and Hyesan spiked to $2.51 per kg as of Sept. 13, up 45.1 percent from $1.73 per kg on Sept. 5, according to Reuters analysis of data compiled by the Daily NK website.  The website is run by North Korean defectors who collect prices via phone calls with traders in the North. Diesel prices also surged 61.5 percent from $1.30 per kg to $2.10 per kg during the same period.   Lee Sang-yong, who speaks regularly to sources inside the North and supervises market data from them, said the price hikes were caused primarily by a cut in supplies as the regime scrambles to hoard fuel, wary of a potential fuel crunch.  North Korean authorities are likely to have intentionally reduced supplies in the market after the nuclear test, thinking the U.N. Security Council sanctions would affect their own repository,  Lee said.  In addition, astute traders are cutting their supplies on the expectations that the prices would go up further, while there s some psychological effect among ordinary citizens who worry about war.  U.N. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said on Sunday the Security Council has run out of options on containing the North s nuclear programmer and Washington may have to turn the matter over to the Defense Department. North Korea launched a missile over Japan into the Pacific Ocean on Thursday in defiance of the new Security Council. White House national security adviser H.R. McMaster said on Friday, after the latest North Korean missile launch, that the United States was running out of patience:  We ve been kicking the can down the road, and we re out of road.  The latest gasoline price represents a 70.7 percent and 153.5 percent surge compared with statistics posted on June 8 and Dec. 1, respectively, less than one week after the Security Council adopted its last two resolutions on North Korea.  North Korea gets most of its fuel from China and some from Russia. U.S. and South Korean officials have said the North imports some 4.5 million barrels of refined petroleum products and two million barrels of crude oil each year. ",1
19816,"Tillerson, Russia's Lavrov discuss Syria, Ukraine, Middle East","NEW YORK (Reuters) - Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson discussed cooperation on the Syrian crisis, Middle East issues, and the agreement to bring peace to Ukraine in a meeting on Sunday, Lavrov s spokeswoman said. Spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said  the meeting was on cooperation in Syria crisis, Middle East issues and Minsk agreement . No other details were immediately available. The top Russian and U.S. diplomats met in New York on the sidelines of the United Nations General Assembly. ",1
19817,Japan's Abe calls for enforcement of sanctions against North Korea: NYT,"TOKYO (Reuters) - The international community must remain united and enforce sanctions against North Korea after its repeated launch of ballistic missiles, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said in an editorial published in the New York Times on Sunday. Abe s editorial was published before world leaders gather in New York for a United Nations General Assembly meeting this week, where North Korea s ballistic missile and nuclear weapons programmes are expected to loom large over proceedings. North Korea launched a missile over Japan on Friday, its second in the past three weeks, and conducted its sixth and by far most powerful nuclear test on Sept. 3, in defiance of international pressure. Such tests are in violation of U.N. Security Council resolutions and show that North Korea can now target the United States or Europe, Abe said. Diplomacy and dialogue will not work with North Korea and concerted pressure by the entire international community is essential to tackle the threats posed by North Korea, Abe wrote. A week ago, the 15-member U.N. Security Council unanimously adopted its ninth sanctions resolution since 2006 over North Korea s nuclear and ballistic missile programmes. ",1
19818,Venezuela indicts alleged accomplice of June helicopter attack,"CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuelan prosecutors said on Sunday they indicted a man for his alleged involvement in the theft of a police helicopter and association with the pilot who led an attack on government offices in June. The state prosecutor s office said via Twitter that it had charged Frank Cabana with  complicity and association with terrorism.  It offered no additional information. The government has said that investigative police officer Oscar Perez stole a helicopter with an unidentified companion and used it to fire shots and drop grenades on the Supreme Court and Interior Ministry, which President Nicolas Maduro called a coup attempt. After the attack, during four months of violent street protests against Maduro that left at least 125 dead, Perez appeared in videos calling on Venezuelans to rise up against Maduro. Authorities have not found Perez despite having launched a nationwide manhunt to track him down.  Some opposition critics have suggested that the government staged the attack to justify persecution of opposition leaders.  ",1
19819,"Peru's Kuczynski swears in new Cabinet, opposition signals support","LIMA (Reuters) - Peruvian President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski made Vice President Mercedes Araoz his new prime minister in a Cabinet shuffle on Sunday that won praise from the opposition - a sign his year-old government will likely avoid a fresh standoff with Congress. Kuczynski also swore in Deputy Economy Minister Claudia Cooper as his new finance minister and replaced his justice, education, health and housing ministers. The new, more socially conservative Cabinet sparked criticism from Kuczynski s centrist and leftist supporters that he had caved into the right-wing party Popular Force, which has an absolute majority in Congress. But opposition lawmakers said they welcomed the change.  I wish success to Meche (Mercedes Araoz) and the new Cabinet,  Luis Galarreta, the head of Congress and Popular Force lawmaker, said on Twitter.  The country needs change and the government needs a chance to mend its ways.  Kuczynski was forced to form a new Cabinet after Congress revoked its confidence in the outgoing one on Friday following a dispute over a teachers strike and his government s education policies that stress gender equality in the school curriculum. Congress ousted Kuczynski s former education minister late last year and was preparing to censure his second education minister last week. Kuczynski s new education minister, Idel Vexler, previously criticized the education reforms that Kuczynski vowed to defend in a message to the nation on Friday. A 78-year-old former Wall Street banker, Kuczynski took office a year ago with a promise to modernize Peru. He broadly shares the same free-market economic ideology as Popular Force, but is more socially liberal. Kuczynski s incoming housing minister, Carlos Bruce, is the first openly gay Cabinet member in Peru. Araoz was finance minister in the 2006-2011 right-wing government of former President Alan Garcia, whose party often works closely with Popular Force. Vexler also worked in Garcia s government.  We have to work with them to keep making progress on the country s development,  Araoz said in televised comments after being sworn in. Kuczynski s approval rating dropped 7 points to a new low of 22 percent in Ipsos  latest monthly poll, which was taken from Sept. 13 to 15 and published on Sunday in daily newspaper El Comercio. ",1
19820,Wife of ousted PM Sharif wins by-election in test of support for ruling party,"LAHORE, Pakistan (Reuters) - The wife of ousted Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif on Sunday captured his parliamentary seat with a reduced majority in a by-election seen as a test of support for the Sharif dynasty ahead of the 2018 general election. Sharif s daughter Maryam said her mother Kulsoom won despite Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N) party workers being threatened and kidnapped. Although she did not name anyone, PML-N sources said she was referring to alleged intimidation by parts of Pakistan s powerful military. The military could not be reached for comment.  This is not an ordinary victory,  Maryam said in a speech to jubilant PML-N supporters.  You have defeated not only people who were in the field but also those who are invisible.  The main opposition Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) party made gains but alleged voter irregularities in the eastern city of Lahore, the electoral heartlands of the Sharif family since 1980s. Official results are yet to be announced but party officials who also tallied the numbers say Kulsoom, who did not campaign as she is receiving treatment for cancer in London, scooped about 53.5 percent of the vote, with the party s majority reduced from about 61 percent in the 2013 general election.         The PML-N wanted to demonstrate that support for the Sharif family was undiminished despite the Supreme Court s removal of Nawaz, who has kept control of the party and installed long-term ally Shahid Khaqan Abbasi as prime minister. Maryam said dozens of PML-N activists were blindfolded and picked up from their homes at night, while others received threatening phone calls from unknown numbers during the campaign.  This victory is a message to the forces hatching conspiracies against Nawaz Sharif that there would be only rules of people and democracy,  added Maryam.  Maryam, who some PML-N leaders see as a future leader, spearheaded the PML-N campaign for her mother with fiery speeches denouncing the judiciary. In an interview with Reuters  before the vote, she hinted at military involvement in her father s ouster. Nawaz, who served two stints in power in 1990s until he was deposed in a military coup in 1999, had strained ties with the military during his third stint in power that ended in his ouster, when the Supreme Court disqualified him for failure to declare a monthly salary, equivalent to around $2,700, from a company owned by his son. Sharif denies receiving the salary. Tensions between civilian governments and the military have been a constant source of instability in Pakistan, with the military staging coups and running the country for nearly half the time since independence from British colonial rule in 1947. MILITANTS-LINKED PARTY Opposition leader Imran Khan - whose threats of street protests pushed the Supreme Court to launch a probe into Nawaz s wealth - had sought to build on the success of his anti-graft crusade by making inroads into Sharifs  power base in Punjab. Khan turned the by-election into a plebiscite about corruption and has accused the provincial Punjab government, which is run by Nawaz s brother Shahbaz, of abusing state resources to help the PML-N campaign. PTI candidate Yasmin Rashid, a local gynaecologist, saw her share of the vote rise from about 35 percent to 41 percent but she afterwards said about 29,000 voters did not have fingerprint identification with the national database. PML-N s lead was reduced in part by the strong showing of Yaqoob Sheikh, who the United States in 2012 designated a terrorist. Sheikh received 4,174 votes, or nearly 4 percent of the total vote after being backed by a new Milli Muslim League party led by an Islamist firebrand who is the subject of a $10 million bounty offered by the United States. Hafiz Saeed heads the Jammat-ud-Dawa (JuD) charity, having founded and formerly led the Lashkhar-e-Taiba (LeT) militant group that carried out the 2008 attacks on the Indian city of Mumbai that killed 166 people. The United States has placed Saeed, the charity and LeT on its terrorist list. The United States, in 2012, said Sheikh was a senior LeT leader. ",1
19821,"Tillerson, Russia's Lavrov to meet on Sunday: U.S. State Dept","NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov will meet in New York on Sunday on the sidelines of the United Nations General Assembly, the U.S. State Department said in a brief statement. The State Department did not provide any details on what the two men would discuss during the 9 p.m. (0100 GMT on Monday) meeting. Possible topics include the 2015 Iran nuclear deal, the Syrian civil war and North Korea s nuclear and missile programs. ",1
19822,U.N. chief: Northern Iraq vote would detract from Islamic State fight,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - United Nations Secretary-General Antonio Guterres warned on Sunday that a planned Sept. 25 independence referendum in Iraq s semi-autonomous Kurdish region  would detract from the need to defeat  Islamic State and to reconstruct regained territories.   The Secretary-General respects the sovereignty, territorial integrity and unity of Iraq and considers that all outstanding issues between the federal Government and the Kurdistan Regional Government should be resolved through structured dialogue and constructive compromise,  U.N. spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement.  The Secretary-General calls upon the leaders across Iraq to approach this matter with patience and restraint,  he said.  ",1
19823,Clash between military and suspected gang leaves nine dead in southern Mexico,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - The Mexican military fought back against an armed attack in the violent southwestern state of Guerrero on Saturday night, leaving eight suspected gang members and one soldier dead, authorities said on Sunday. At around 11 p.m., troops were making their rounds in the city of Teloloapan, about 155 miles (250 km) from Mexico City, when they came under gunfire from suspected gang members dressed in fake military uniforms, Roberto  lvarez Heredia, a spokesman for the Guerrero Coordinating Group, said in a statement.  The military secured two vans painted in camouflage, weapons and uniforms, authorities said.  A soldier was wounded in the confrontation and died afterward from his injuries. The public prosecutor s office in Guerrero, home to the resort city of Acapulco on Mexico s Pacific coast, has begun an investigation into the attack, authorities said.  Violence has spiked in Guerrero over the past decade as a growing number of criminal gangs vie for control of crops of opium poppies and for drug-trafficking routes. ",1
19824,Syrian army and allies close in on Islamic State in Deir al-Zor,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Syrian troops seized a suburb of the eastern city of Deir al-Zor on Sunday, tightening the noose around Islamic State, a Syrian military source said. The army pushed into the city this month with the help of Russian air power and Iran-backed militias, breaking an Islamic State siege of an enclave there that had lasted three years. On Sunday, the Syrian army and allied forces captured al-Jafra district on the western bank of the Euphrates river, the military source said.   They have no outlet except crossing the Euphrates towards the eastern bank and fleeing towards the desert, or (the towns) al-Bukamal and al-Mayadin,  the source told Reuters. Moscow and Washington are backing separate offensives in the oil-rich province of Deir al-Zor bordering Iraq. Both have advanced from opposite sides of the Euphrates which bisects the province, Islamic State s last major foothold in Syria. Russian- and U.S.-backed offensives against Islamic State have mostly stayed out of each other s way, with the Euphrates often acting as the dividing line. But the Pentagon accused Russia this week of bombing U.S.-backed forces on the river s eastern bank. Russia s Defence Ministry rejected the allegations on Sunday. Moscow had warned the United States well in advance of its operational plans and its jets only targeted Islamic State militants, it said.  Russia s RIA news agency cited an unnamed source as saying the Syrian army had cut Islamic State s main supply line in Deir al-Zor city.      The British-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said government forces took al-Jafra near the city s air base overnight, though Islamic State militants still hold nearly a third of the city.  Russian jets pounded movements across the river as Islamic State fighters tried to escape in ferries, and many civilians, including families of the militants, had also tried to flee across the river in recent days, it said. Separate air strikes by Russia and by the U.S.-led coalition killed more than 34 people, including children, across Deir al-Zor province over the past day, the war monitor said. Islamic State controls much of the desert region around Deir al-Zor city, where its fighters are also under attack from the U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) alliance. With jets and special forces from the U.S.-led coalition, the alliance of Kurdish and Arab militias is battling Islamic State in the northern parts of Deir al-Zor province. The SDF said it had taken 14 villages and farms, two towns, and some factories on the eastern bank of the Euphrates since launching its assault last week. ",1
19825,Top Russian and U.S. generals discuss Syria bombing allegations: Kommersant,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - General Valery Gerasimov, the chief of Russia s general staff, spent an hour on the phone with U.S. Marine General Joseph Dunford discussing Pentagon allegations that Moscow bombed U.S.-backed fighters in Syria, the Kommersant daily said on Sunday. U.S.-backed militias said they came under attack on Saturday from Russian jets and Syrian government forces in Deir al-Zor province, a flashpoint in an increasingly complex battlefield. The Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), an alliance of Kurdish and Arab militias fighting with the U.S.-led coalition, said six of its fighters were wounded in the strike. Russia s Defence Ministry on Sunday rejected the allegations, saying its planes only targeted Islamic State militants and that it had warned the United States well in advance of its operational plans. Kommersant, citing unnamed military sources, reported that Gerasimov and Dunford, chairman of the U.S. military s Joint Chiefs of Staff, had spent an hour on Saturday discussing the allegations by phone. It said Moscow routinely gave the United States at least two hours warning of any strikes in Syria and then shared information afterwards about which targets had been struck.    ",1
19826,Spain's prosecutor warns over Catalonia referendum as leaflets seized,"BARCELONA (Reuters) - Spanish authorities on Sunday pursued efforts to block an independence vote in Catalonia, seizing campaign materials as the chief prosecutor said jailing the region s top politician could not be ruled out. The government in the northeastern region is intent on holding a referendum on October 1 that will ask voters whether they support secession from Spain, a ballot Madrid has declared illegal. In a raid on a warehouse in the province of Barcelona on Sunday, police confiscated around 1.3 million leaflets and other campaign materials promoting the vote issued by the Catalan government. The haul was the largest in a series of similar raids, the Interior Ministry said in a statement. Spanish prosecutors, who have ordered police to investigate any efforts to promote the plebiscite, said last week that officials engaged in any preparations for it could be charged with civil disobedience, abuse of office and misuse of public funds. More than 700 Catalan mayors gathered in Barcelona on Saturday to affirm their support for it. Asked if arresting regional government head Carles Puigdemont was an option if preparations continued, Spain s chief public prosecutor said in an interview:  We could consider it because the principal objective is to stop the referendum going ahead.   I won t rule out completely the option of seeking jail terms... It could happen under certain circumstances,  Jose Manuel Maza was quoted as also telling Sunday s edition of newspaper El Mundo.  The Catalan parliament passed a law enabling the referendum early last month, but Spain s Constitutional Court suspended it the next day. Pro-independence activists have said they plan to distribute campaign leaflets promoting the referendum on Sunday evening in Barcelona. Although polls show less than half of Catalonia s 5.5 million voters support independence, most in the wealthy northeastern region want the chance to vote on the issue. ",1
19827,"Week of clashes in eastern Ethiopia kill 50, displace 50,000: officials","ADDIS ABABA (Reuters) - Clashes along the border of Ethiopia s Oromiya and Somali regions have displaced around 50,000 people, a senior regional official said on Sunday, in violence that has prompted the government to send the military in.  Spokesmen from the two regions told regional news outlets earlier this week that at least 50 people were killed. Each side blames the other.  Lema Megersa, president of Oromiya province, told local journalists on Sunday:  It is not just deaths that occurred. More than 50,000 people were displaced from their homes.    Those responsible should also be held to account,  he added. He did not give a death toll. The area has been plagued by sporadic clashes for decades. A referendum held in 2004 to determine the status of disputed settlements failed to ease tensions.  Unrest in 2015 and 2016 in Oromiya - and to a lesser extent other regions - killed 669 people, according to a parliament-mandated investigation. The clashes are likely to fuel further fears about security in Ethiopia, the region s biggest economy and a staunch Western ally.  Each side gave contradictory explanations about the cause of the clashes. Some officials in Oromiya said it was sparked by the killing of a local district head and raids by a paramilitary force from the Somali region.  Officials from the Somali region denied those claims. Fifty ethnic Somalis were killed in the town of Aweday in Oromiya on Tuesday, a spokesman for the Somali region told local media on Friday. International media were not permitted at the briefing.  On Sunday, Prime Minister Hailemariam Desalegn said soldiers deployed to the region to quell the violence would disarm residents and safeguard highways straddling the regions. ",1
19828,Iran's Khamenei warns U.S. against 'wrong move' on nuclear deal,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Iran will not be bullied by the United States and will react strongly to any  wrong move  by Washington on Tehran s nuclear deal, Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said on Sunday. U.S. President Donald Trump said on Thursday that Iran was violating  the spirit  of the 2015 deal under which it got sanctions relief in return for curbing its nuclear program. State television quoted Khamenei as saying Iran was standing firm  and any wrong move by the domineering regime regarding the (nuclear accord) will face the reaction of the Islamic Republic.  Washington extended some sanctions relief for Iran on Thursday under the nuclear deal with world powers, but said it had yet to decide whether to maintain the agreement.  Trump must make a decision by mid-October whether to certify that Iran is complying with the deal, known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA). If he does not, Congress has 60 days to decide whether to reimpose sanctions.  Today, despite all the commitments and discussions in the negotiations, America s attitude toward these negotiations and their outcome is completely unjust and amounts to bullying,  Khamenei said in a speech to Iranian police academy graduates.  The Americans should know ...there will be no retreat by the Islamic Republic.  The Foreign Ministry in Tehran condemned as  continued Iranophobia  Washington s move on Thursday to impose sanctions on 11 individuals and firms, including two based in Ukraine, state news agency IRNA reported. The U.S. Treasury accused the 11 of supporting Iran s ballistic missile program or its Revolutionary Guards, or engaging in cyber attacks against the U.S. financial system. U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Sunday he believed Iran was in technical compliance with the nuclear deal but had stepped up destabilizing activities in Yemen and Syria and continued to have an active ballistic missile program.  None of that, I believe, is consistent with that preamble commitment that was made by everyone  in the nuclear deal, he told CBS   Face the Nation.  Iran said last month it could abandon the nuclear agreement  within hours  if the United States imposed any new penalties, after Washington ordered unilateral sanctions over Tehran s ballistic missile tests. Iranian President Hassan Rouhani, speaking on Sunday before leaving to attend a U.N General Assembly meeting in New York, said Washington should join the countries that continued to support the nuclear deal, which he compared to a dinner party.  They can choose the right path and also enter the room where the food is served. We would not have a problem with that,  IRNA quoted Rouhani as saying.   The United States imposed unilateral sanctions, saying Tehran s ballistic missile tests violated a U.N. resolution that endorsed the nuclear deal and called on Tehran not to undertake activities related to ballistic missiles capable of delivering nuclear weapons. Iran denies its missile development breaches the resolution, saying the missiles are not designed to carry nuclear weapons. ",1
19829,Qatar to buy 24 Typhoon jets from UK's BAE Systems,"DOHA (Reuters) - Qatar s defense minister has signed a letter of intent to purchase 24 Typhoon jets from British defense group BAE Systems, in a move that could anger other Gulf countries boycotting Doha. Saudi Arabia, the UAE, Egypt and Bahrain cut diplomatic and trade links with Qatar on June 5, suspending air and shipping routes with the world s biggest exporter of liquefied natural gas, which is home to the region s biggest U.S. military base.  The letter of intent includes the ministry s intention to purchase 24 modern Typhoon aircraft with all their equipment,   state news agency QNA reported on Sunday. The agreement was signed by Minister of State for Defence Affairs Khalid bin Mohammed Al Attiyah and his British counterpart Michael Fallon, QNA added.     This will be the first major defense contract with Qatar, one of the UK s strategic partners,  Britain s Ministry of Defence said in a statement, adding that talks over a deal had taken several years.  We also hope that this will help enhance security within the region across all Gulf allies.  The Eurofighter Typhoon is a joint project between BAE, France s Airbus  and Italy s Finmeccanica [SIFIF.UL] and supports an estimated 40,000 jobs in Britain. Neither statement gave the cost of the combat jet deal. BAE had agreed in 2014 to supply Saudi Arabia with 72 Typhoon jets in a deal worth 4.43 billion pounds ($6 billion). Fallon told a conference in London, on Saturday, the British government will step up efforts to help BAE Systems to sell more Typhoon jets with government-to-government deals. The Typhoon has attracted fewer orders this year than the rival Rafale built by France s Dassault Aviation , which has agreed deals with Egypt and Qatar. Qatar also signed a deal in June to buy F-15 fighter jets from Boeing Co in the United States for $12 billion and concluded a 5 billion euro ($6 billion) deal with Italy for seven navy vessels. The wealthy Gulf state has been accused by its neighbors of supporting terrorism and meddling with Iran, Saudi Arabia s arch-rival in the region. Qatar denies the accusations. The crisis has put the region on edge and prompted Turkey to send troops to Doha in a sign of support. ",1
19830,Factbox: What Trump has said about the United Nations,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump will deliver his first speech before the United Nations on Tuesday, when he is expected to pitch his  America First  foreign policy vision. Trump has been critical of the United Nations and complained about the cost to the United States of helping to fund the 193-nation body. Below are some comments he has made about it over the years. Remarks at lunch with U.N. Security Council Ambassadors April 24, 2017  The United States, just one of 193 countries in the U.N., pays for 22 percent of the budget and almost 30 percent of the United Nations peacekeeping, which is unfair.   I also want to say to you that I have long felt the United Nations is an underperformer but has tremendous potential.  There are those people that think it s an underperformer and will never perform.  Twitter Dec. 26, 2016  The United Nations has such great potential but right now it is just a club for people to get together, talk and have a good time. So sad!  American Israel Public Affairs Committee speech March 21, 2016  Which brings me to my next point, the utter weakness and incompetence of the United Nations. The United Nations is not a friend of democracy, it s not a friend to freedom, it s not a friend even to the United States of America where, as you know, it has its home. And it surely is not a friend to Israel.  Twitter Oct. 3, 2012  The cheap 12 inch sq. marble tiles behind speaker at UN always bothered me. I will replace with beautiful large marble slabs if they ask me.  Twitter Oct. 6, 2011  Why is the UN condemning @Israel and doing nothing about Syria? What a disgrace.  Twitter Sept. 8, 2011  Why is the UN planning to attack @Israel s sovereignty and ignore Iran s nuclear program? The US should look at future funding.  Senate committee hearing on renovation of U.N. headquarters July 21, 2005  I am a big fan, a very big fan of the United Nations and all it stands for. I cannot speak as to what has been happening over the last number of years because it certainly has not been good, but the concept of the United Nations and the fact that the United Nations is in New York is very important to me and very important to the world as far as I am concerned.  ",1
19831,Tillerson says U.S. weighing closing embassy in Cuba over sonic attacks,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States is considering closing its embassy in Havana in response to an alleged sonic attack on U.S. personnel in Cuba, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Sunday.  We have it under evaluation,  Tillerson said on CBS   Face the Nation  program.  It s a very serious issue with respect to the harm that certain individuals have suffered.  Five Republican senators on Friday called for the Trump administration to retaliate against the Cuban government by expelling Cuban diplomats and possibly shuttering the U.S. embassy there over attacks that began in late 2016. The State Department said in August that Americans linked to the U.S. embassy in Havana had experienced physical symptoms from  incidents  involving sound waves. Five Canadians were also affected. Symptoms included nausea, dizziness and temporary loss of hearing or memory. Cuba, the United States and Canada have investigated the attacks, but the probe has not yielded any answers about how they were carried out or who was responsible for them. Cuba has denied involvement. The U.S. State Department has not blamed Havana for the attacks but asked two Cuban diplomats to leave Washington in May. ",1
19832,Ultra-Orthodox protesters arrested in violent clash in Jerusalem,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Jewish ultra-Orthodox demonstrators protesting the arrest of a prospective army conscript from their community clashed with police in Jerusalem on Sunday and eight men were detained, police said. Police used a water canon and mounted officers dispersed the protest that briefly turned violent near Jerusalem s military recruiting office which lies on the edge of one of the city s ultra-Orthodox neighborhoods. Although most ultra-Orthodox seminary students gain exemption from military service on religious grounds, they must obtain their exemption through a conscription procedure. Police said the protest was prompted by the man s arrest after he refused to turn up for recruitment. Last week Israel s Supreme Court ruled that parts of the conscription law that exempt seminary students were unconstitutional and gave the government a year to resolve the matter. Most Jewish Israelis, men and women, are called up for military service when they turn 18. Police spokeswoman Luba Samri said protesters blocked streets and threw stones at police officers. Video footage showed officers kicking, punching and pushing some demonstrators and a few were dragged across a street. ",1
19833,Britain's Boris Johnson accused of Brexit 'backseat driving',"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain s foreign minister Boris Johnson was accused by cabinet colleagues on Sunday of  backseat driving  on Brexit after setting out his own vision of the country s future outside the European Union. Only days before Prime Minister Theresa May is due to speak in Italy about Britain s planned EU departure, Johnson on Saturday published a 4,300-word newspaper article that roamed well beyond his ministerial brief and, in some cases, the approach set out by the government.  Interior minister Amber Rudd said it was  absolutely fine  for the foreign secretary to intervene publicly but that she did not want him managing the Brexit process.  What we ve got is Theresa May managing that process, she s driving the car,  Rudd told the BBC s Andrew Marr on Sunday. Asked if Johnson was backseat driving, she replied:  Yes, you could call it backseat driving, absolutely.  Johnson s article re-ignited speculation that he would challenge May for the leadership of the Conservative Party. Rudd, however, said she did not think Johnson was laying the groundwork to challenge May.  I think that he, like I, supports the prime minister at this difficult time as we try to conclude the negotiations with the EU,  she said. May s deputy, Damian Green, also weighed in, saying that Johnson had written a  very exuberant  article but it was  absolutely clear to everyone that the driver of the car in this instance is the prime minister .  It is the job of the rest of us in the cabinet to agree on a set of proposals and get behind those proposals and get behind the prime minister,  Green told BBC TV. Johnson wrote in the Daily Telegraph that Britain would not pay to access the EU market in the future. Once out of the EU, the country should borrow to invest in infrastructure, reform the tax code and set immigration levels as it sees fit, he said.  Johnson also repeated the Brexit campaign claim that the government would be 350 million pounds ($476 million) a week better off outside the EU.  Government officials criticized Johnson for repeating the claim, saying the figure does not take into account the funding Britain receives back from Brussels. David Norgrove, of the UK Statistics Authority, said he was  surprised and disappointed  that Johnson was still quoting a figure that confused gross and net contributions.  It is a clear misuse of official statistics,  Norgrove said in a letter to Johnson on Sunday.  Johnson said in reply that Norgrove s letter was  based on what appeared to be a wilful distortion of the text of my article  and asked the official to withdraw it. The timing of Johnson s article   published a day after a bomb injured 30 people on a train in London   also drew criticism from some colleagues. Reacting to the furor his article had generated, Johnson tweeted on Saturday:  Looking forward to PM s Florence Speech. All behind Theresa for a glorious Brexit.      ",1
19834,UK foreign minister criticized for resurrecting 'Brexit benefit' mantra,"LONDON (Reuters) - Foreign minister Boris Johnson was accused by a government statisticians of misusing state data after he repeated a pro-Leave campaign mantra that Britain would have an extra 350 million pounds a week after Brexit. The figure had been a central part of the campaign s  let s take back control  message, with suggestions that the money could instead be used to fund state healthcare. Johnson was one of the few prominent members of the campaign not to abandon the pledge after it won the summer 2016 referendum on EU membership. David Norgrove, of the UK Statistics Authority, said he was  surprised and disappointed  that Johnson was still quoting a figure that confused gross and net contributions.  It is a clear misuse of official statistics,  Norgrove said in a letter to the minister on Sunday.  He said the number quoted did not include the rebate that Britain receives from the EU, nor did it include payments from Brussels to support, for example, agriculture and scientific research. Johnson, whose carefully tussled blonde hair and apparent bumbling manner has made him one of Britain s most recognizable politicians, mentioned the figure again in a Saturday newspaper article that laid out his vision for post-Brexit Britain.  Once we have settled our accounts, we will take back control of roughly 350 million pounds ($476 million) a week,  he wrote.  It would be a fine thing, as many of us have pointed out, if a lot of that money went on the NHS (National Health Service).  Johnson later added he was  surprised and disappointed  by Norgrove s letter, which he said  was based on what appeared to be a wilful distortion of the text of my article , according to the BBC. Britain had no control of EU spending in Britain or of a rebate that was part of a funding arrangement agreed with other EU states, Johnson said. Figures published by the Office for National Statistics in April 2016 showed Britain s weekly net contribution to the EU to be about 190 million pounds a week. ",1
19835,"Turkey sends military vehicles, equipment to Syrian border: Anadolu","ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey sent 80 military vehicles including tanks to its southern border with Syria, the state-run Anadolu news agency said on Sunday. Citing a military source, Anadolu said the deployment was part of reinforcements for troops stationed along the border. The vehicles were sent to the Iskendurun district of the southeastern province of Hatay, Anadolu said. Late on Saturday, Anadolu also reported that the army had dispatched first aid trucks and military vehicles to the same location, along with heavy equipment. A third convoy of armoured vehicles was heading to Hatay s Reyhanli district, where Turkey s Cilvegozu border gate with Syria is located, Anadolu said. On Friday, Turkey s foreign ministry said Russia, Iran and Turkey had agreed to deploy observers around a de-escalation zone in northern Syria s Idlib region, which is mostly controlled by militants linked to a former al Qaeda affiliate. It said the observers would look to prevent clashes between forces of the Syrian regime and the opposition, and watch for ceasefire violations. Last month, Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said Turkey was taking necessary measures along its 150 km (90 mile) border with Idlib. ",1
19836,"Turkey's Erdogan, Iraq's Abadi to discuss Iraqi Kurdish referendum","ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan will meet Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi this week to discuss their concerns about an independence referendum in Iraq s Kurdish region. Turkey, the United States and other Western powers have advised authorities in the semi-autonomous region to cancel the vote, worrying that tensions it would generate might act as an unwelcome distraction from the war on Islamic State in Iraq and Syria. With the largest Kurdish population in the region, Turkey also fears that a  Yes  vote would fuel separatism in its southeast, where militants of the outlawed Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) have waged an insurgency for three decades. Kurdish leader Massoud Barzani said on Friday the referendum would go ahead as planned on Sept. 25. Speaking to reporters on Sunday before departing for New York to attend the U.N. General Assembly, Erdogan said Ankara and Baghdad had the same view regarding the referendum.  We will have a meeting with Mr Abadi in the United States, and from what we can see our goal is the same. Our goal is not dividing Iraq,  said Erdogan, who earlier said that Barzani s decision to not postpone the vote was  very wrong . Late on Saturday Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said the referendum was an issue of national security and Turkey would take any necessary steps in response. In Istanbul, close to a thousand people gathered to protest the inclusion of Kirkuk in the referendum, at an event organized by the nationalist opposition MHP party. Kirkuk, an oil-rich province claimed by authorities in both Baghdad and the Kurdish region, was included after its governor, Najmaddin Kareem, voted in favor of taking part. Iraq s parliament voted on Thursday to remove the governor from office following a request from Abadi, according to several lawmakers present, a move Barzani condemned. Last month, MHP leader Devlet Bahceli said the referendum should be viewed by Ankara as a reason for war  if necessary , but the prime minister dismissed the comments. Bahceli s ideas reflect those of a segment of Turkish society fiercely opposed to the idea of an independent Kurdistan and supportive of Iraq s Turkmen ethnic minority, which has historical and cultural ties to Turkey. With Barzani pressing on with the referendum, Erdogan said the Turkish government had brought forward planned national security council and cabinet meetings to Sept. 22 and that Turkey would announce its position on the referendum afterwards. Turkey has, however, built good relations with Barzani s administration, founded on strong economic links and shared suspicions of other Kurdish groups and Iraq s central government. The Kurdish Regional Government, led by Barzani s KDP party, exports hundreds of thousands of barrels of oil every day to world markets via Turkey. Iraqi President Fuad Masum on Sunday called on the country s leading politicians to start urgent dialogue to defuse tensions linked to the referendum plans. Masum, a Kurd, holds a largely ceremonial position under the Iraqi federal power-sharing regime, which concentrates executive powers in the hands of the prime minister, a Shi ite.  ",1
19837,Aid officials 'gravely concerned' over fate of relocated Islamic State families in Iraq,"ERBIL, Iraq (Reuters) - Aid officials in Iraq said they were  gravely concerned  about the fate of about 1,400 foreign wives and children of suspected Islamic State militants relocated by Iraqi authorities, who did not warn aid organizations. The families had been held by Iraqi authorities since Aug. 30 in the Hammam al-Alil transit camp, south of Mosul.   We are gravely concerned about these families,  said Melany Markham, spokeswoman for the Norwegian Refugee Council (NRC) in Iraq. The NRC is one of several aid groups that have provided humanitarian services to the families.   We weren t informed where the families would be taken to, and we don t know if they will have access to assistance and protection,  Markham said.  They are a very vulnerable population.  None of the aid groups supporting the families, including the United Nations, were given advanced warning by Iraqi officials about the move, according to Markham. The families were moved to Tal Keif, a town north of Mosul, an Iraqi police intelligence source confirmed. They are being housed in buildings rather than camp sites, under the supervision of Iraqi police officers. During a visit to the Hammam al-Alil camp earlier this week, several women told Reuters that they were terrified of leaving the camp and being taken under the exclusive control of Iraqi forces.  A young Chechen mother told Reuters she feared the Iraqi special forces would rape or  forcibly disappear  her for her ties Islamic State if she were to be moved from the camp with her son. Photographs provided by the NRC and taken after the relocation showed the large tents at the camp were completely empty. Personal belongings, including children s toys and shoes, were left strewn across several tents. On Wednesday, Reuters reporters saw a group of coaches arrive at the camp, in what aid workers said was an initial attempt to remove the women. The buses ultimately left empty. More than 300 of the families came from Turkey, though many others came from former Soviet states, such as Tajikistan, Azerbaijan and Russia, according to the Iraqi army.  Most of the families had fled to Tal Afar after Iraqi troops pushed Islamic State out of Mosul. Iraqi forces retook Tal Afar, a city of predominantly ethnic Turkmen that produced some of Islamic State s senior commanders, last month.  It is the largest group of foreigners linked to Islamic State to be held by Iraqi forces since they began driving the militants from Mosul and other areas in northern Iraq last year, an aid official said. Thousands of foreigners have been fighting for Islamic State, or Daesh, in Iraq and Syria. ",1
19838,Hamas says ready to hand Gaza to a Palestinian unity government,"CAIRO/RAMALLAH (Reuters) - Hamas has agreed to dissolve the administration that runs Gaza, it said on Sunday, a major step towards handing control of the enclave to a Palestinian unity government after a decade of bitter rivalry with President Mahmoud Abbas. The Islamist group, which has ruled Gaza since a brief Palestinian civil war in 2007, said it had taken  a courageous, serious and patriotic decision to dissolve the administrative committee  that runs the territory of 2 million people, and hand power to some form of unity government. Reunification a decade after Hamas and Abbas s secular Fatah movement battled for control of Gaza may hinge on whether complex issues related to power-sharing - which stymied reconciliation bids in the past - can be resolved.     Abbas welcomed Hamas  move - a result of talks mediated by Egypt - and said he would convene the Palestinian leadership for discussions upon his return from New York where he was attending the U.N. General Assembly. The development would  enable the formation of a national reconciliation government to work in the Gaza Strip and hold ... elections,  he said in a statement on official news agency WAFA. Earlier, a Palestinian government spokesman said Cairo s mediation had presented a  historic opportunity  that could help Palestinians toward full statehood. But Fatah said it still needed clarification from Hamas on the handing over of government ministries in Gaza and control of the enclave s border crossings with Israel and Egypt. Hamas and Fatah agreed in 2014 to form a national reconciliation administration but could not agree on the details. A unity government formed after Hamas won the last Palestinian general election, in 2006, was short-lived. Aiming to pressure Hamas to relinquish control of Gaza, Abbas cut payments to Israel for the electricity it supplies to the enclave, leading to power provided for less than four hours on some days, and never more than six hours a day. Azzam Al-Ahmad, who headed Fatah s delegation to the talks in Cairo, told WAFA:  This step will enhance the unity of the Palestinians and end ugly division.  The two parties did not meet at the talks which took the form of shuttle-diplomacy with Egyptian officials mediating. Ahmad said the two sides planned to meet face-to-face but gave no date. Other Palestinian factions would join the talks later to discuss practical steps to implement the agreement, he added. Mending fences with Western-backed Abbas would be another step in Hamas  diplomatic push to improve relations with its neighbor Egypt, which has kept its frontier with Gaza largely closed and accused the group in the past of aiding Islamist militants in Egypt s Sinai desert, something Hamas denies. The United Nations  envoy welcomed Sunday s news.  All parties must seize this opportunity to restore unity and open a new page for the Palestinian people,  U.N. Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process Nickolay Mladenov said in a statement, adding that the U.N. was ready to assist the talks in order to alleviate hardship in Gaza. Mladenov thanked Egypt for its  tireless efforts in creating this positive momentum.  Some opinion polls have showed that if parliamentary elections were held now, Hamas would win both in Gaza and the Israeli-occupied West Bank, the seat of Abbas s Palestinian Authority. Abbas, 82, is 12 years into what was meant to be a four-year term as president and opinion polls show him to be unpopular. He has no clear successor and no new presidential election appears imminent. ",1
19839,Aid group warns of death among Rohingya in Bangladesh,"COX S BAZAR, Bangladesh (Reuters) - Rohingya refugees in Bangladesh could die due to a lack of  food, shelter and water, given the huge numbers fleeing violence in Myanmar, an aid agency warned on Sunday, as authorities began moving people to camps to streamline the distribution of help. Nearly 410,000 members of the Rohingya Muslim minority fled from Myanmar s western Rakhine state to Bangladesh to escape a military offensive that the United Nations has branded a  textbook example of ethnic cleansing .  Many people are arriving hungry, exhausted and with no food or water,  Mark Pierce, Bangladesh country director for the Save the Children aid agency said in a statement.  I m particularly worried that the demand for food, shelter, water and basic hygiene support is not being met due to the sheer number of people in need. If families can t meet their basic needs, the suffering will get even worse and lives could be lost.  Bangladesh has for decades faced influxes of Rohingya fleeing persecution in Buddhist-majority Myanmar, where the Rohingya are regarded as illegal migrants. Bangladesh was already home to 400,000 Rohingya before the latest crisis erupted on Aug. 25, when Rohingya insurgents attacked police posts and an army camp in the western state of Rakhine, killing a dozen people. Pierce said the humanitarian response needed to be rapidly scaled up.  That can only be done if the international community steps up funding,  he said. Rights monitors and fleeing Rohingya say Myanmar security forces and Rakhine Buddhist vigilantes responded to the Aug. 25 insurgent attacks with what they say is a campaign of violence and arson aimed at driving out the Muslim population. Myanmar rejects that, saying its security forces are carrying out clearance operations against the insurgents of the Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army, which claimed responsibility for the August attacks and similar, smaller, raids in October. The Myanmar government has declared the group a terrorist organization and accused it of setting the fires and attacking civilians. Bangladesh border guards said the flow of refugees leaving Myanmar had eased off over the past day, apparently because bad weather had discouraged people from taking to boats to reach Bangladesh.  Heavy rain has turned roads into mud, with refugees huddling under shelters of bamboo and plastic sheets beside them. Bangladeshi authorities said they had started moving an estimated 100,000 Rohingya living by the roads to camps designated as aid points.  We re not allowing any distribution to anyone from the side of the road,  said district government official Kazi Abdur Rahman.  We want to convince them there s everything in the camp and nothing here.  A big new camp is planned but it is unclear how long it would take to build.  People are living in these muddy, awful conditions. You have to get them to some sort of space where aid can be delivered,  said Chris Lom of the International Organization for Migration.   Clean water and sanitation can only be delivered in a structured environment.  There is no sign that violence has stopped in Myanmar, with smoke, apparently from burning villages, seen as recently as Friday, meaning more refugees are likely to cross. Human Rights Watch said satellite imagery showed 62 Rohingya villages had been torched since the violence erupted. Myanmar says more than 430 people have been killed, most of them insurgents, and about 30,000 non-Muslim villagers have been displaced.  Myanmar government leader and Nobel laureate Aung San Suu Kyi has faced a barrage of criticism from abroad for not stopping the violence. The military remains in full control of security policy and there is little sympathy for the Rohingya in a country where the end of army rule has unleashed old animosities, and the military campaign in Rakhine State is widely supported. Suu Kyi is due to make her first address to the nation on the crisis on Tuesday. Her foreign supporters and Western governments that backed her campaign against military rule, and see her as the best hope for Myanmar s future, will be hoping to see her make a commitment to protect the rights of the Muslim minority. Suu Kyi s supporters at home could be disappointed if she is perceived to be caving in to foreign pressure and taking the side of a Muslim minority blamed for initiating the violence. The United States has called for the protection of civilians and a deputy assistant secretary of state, Patrick Murphy, is due in Myanmar this week. He will travel to Sittwe, the capital of Rakhine State, to meet government officials and representatives of different communities, including Rohingya, but he is not seeking to travel to the conflict zone in northern Rakhine State. The military has called for unity on the issue. The political party founded by retired officers and trounced by Suu Kyi s party in the 2015 election, could be expected to take heart to see her support eroded by the crisis. ",1
19840,Kuwait orders North Korea's ambassador to leave within a month,"KUWAIT (Reuters) - Kuwait has ordered North Korea s ambassador to leave within a month as the Gulf country downgraded diplomatic relations with Pyongyang, a North Korean diplomat in the Gulf region said on Sunday. The United Nations Security Council imposed new sanctions after North Korea s sixth and largest nuclear test this month, and the United States called on countries to sever diplomatic and financial ties with it.  The diplomat, who asked not to be named, told Reuters the ambassador, So Chang Sik, will leave following Kuwait s decision to downgrade the North Korean diplomatic representation to charge d affaires level. However, Chang Sik was planning to leave at the end of September because he has ended his term, the diplomat added. Kuwaiti officials did not immediately respond when asked to comment. Kuwait, where around 3,000 North Koreans live, has been hosting North Korea s sole diplomatic mission in the Gulf region. Kuwait s announcement comes after U.S. President Trump met with the Gulf state s ruler in Washington earlier this month.  Last month the Gulf country stopped direct flights to and from Pyongyang as well as halting entrance visas and commercial licenses, state news agency KUNA reported, citing an official at the foreign ministry. The Kuwait foreign ministry said at the time it was committed to implementing Security Council resolutions on North Korea, adding that it had stopped loans to the Asian state, banned imports and cut the numbers of its diplomats in the country. ",1
19841,Students sent home from Indonesian Islamic school linked to child fighters,"JAKARTA (Reuters) - Students at an Islamic school that Indonesian authorities have linked to Islamic State returned home after villagers nearby demanded its closure, a school spokesman said on Sunday. A Reuters investigation published this month found at least eight staff and four students from the Ibnu Mas ud school in Sukajaya, West Java either traveled or tried to travel to Syria to join the jihadist group between 2013 and 2016. Spokesman Jumadi told Reuters the school was empty after the local police chief said failure to comply with the closure demands would lead to a  big demonstration  by residents from five surrounding districts. The school denies it supports IS, or any other militant groups. It also says it does not advocate a violent or extreme version of Islam. Jumadi, who goes by only one name, said the police warning prompted the school to call parents to pick up the roughly 250 students. Police could not be immediately reached for comment. One of the four students, Hatf Saiful Rasul, left for Syria when he was 11 and died fighting with IS a year later in September 2016. His father, imprisoned militant Syaiful Anam, wrote that his son was inspired to travel by teachers and students of the school who had joined IS. During the school s decade of operation in Depok, outside Jakarta, and then at Sukajaya, at least another 18 people with links to it have been convicted or are now under arrest for militant plots and attacks in Indonesia, Reuters reported. They include former students, teachers, parents, founders and donors. During its investigation, Reuters reviewed court documents, deeds of entitlement and interrogation reports, and interviewed counter-terrorism police, donors and former militants. School head Agus Purwoko told reporters last week it only taught pupils  how to read and memorize the Koran.    So Ibnu Mas ud, in a way, is a childcare. There are also parents who send their kids here because they are divorcing, going to jail, or facing other problems.  Sukajaya village chief Wahyudin Sumardi told Reuters in July that residents had been concerned about activities at the school for years. Local resentment ignited when a member of the school s staff allegedly burned a red and white banner in the village celebrating Indonesia s Independence Day on Aug. 17. Irate residents rallied outside the school, according to police, village chief Wahyudin and school spokesman Jumadi. Jumadi agreed the next day to move or close the school in a month. But school head Agus and some rights activists said he signed documents under duress and the school should not be closed on the basis of minor damage to patriotic bunting.  We asked the police to prevent the mass protesters taking the law into their own hands and to separate the activities of the children from allegations of involvement in terrorism,  said Usman Hamid, director of Amnesty International Indonesia. Hamid said the school s closure would increase the students  chances of being radicalized.     ",1
19842,American tourists attacked with acid at French train station,"MARSEILLE (Reuters) - A woman threw acid at four female American tourists at a train station in the French city of Marseille on Sunday, an attack police said they did not believe was terrorism-related. Two of the women, in their early twenties, were treated in hospital for burns to their faces, police said. The tourists were on their way from the southern city to Paris. The attacker, a woman in her 40s, was arrested at the scene. Investigators have for now ruled out a terrorist motive and said they believe the attacker may be mentally disturbed, a police official said.  ",1
19843,"Rejuvenated Berlusconi lays out vote platform, eyes victory in Italy","ROME (Reuters) - Former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi, marking a formal return to Italy s political stage, laid out his policy priorities on Sunday for the forthcoming election, portraying himself as a pro-European moderate. Speaking at a meeting of his Forza Italia (Go Italy) party, Berlusconi said he wanted to lead the group into the national ballot, which is expected by next March, promising hefty tax cuts if the center-right regained power. Subsumed by sex scandals and legal woes, Berlusconi largely vanished from politics after being ousted from power in 2011.  But he has emerged from the shadows this year and Forza Italia, with its traditional rightist allies the Northern League and Brothers of Italy, have combined backing of some 35 percent, according to polls, making them the largest single bloc.  We predict a great victory for the center-right,  said Berlusconi, 81, looking thin and fit during a speech near Rome that effectively launched the Forza Italia election campaign. While his allies have repeatedly denounced the European Union, Berlusconi said he wanted more Europe, not less, calling for common defense, foreign, industrial and fiscal policies.  I do not think we can leave the euro,  he said, further underscoring how the anti-euro rhetoric once heard from many Italian parties is receding as the vote nears. Berlusconi, who had open heart surgery last year, cannot run for office due to a 2013 tax fraud conviction. But he hopes the European Court of Human Rights overturns this ban when it reviews his case in November.  I expect that Europe completely restores my honor ... But court or no court, I promise you that I will take part in the election campaign,  said the four-times premier. If Forza Italia won power, he said he would introduce a flat tax and eliminate inheritance tax, hike minimum pensions, offer pensions to housewives and give more to impoverished families. Berlusconi dismissed the chances of the ruling center-left, saying the left was in retreat across Europe, and also took aim at the anti-establishment 5-Star Movement, which polls say is Italy s largest single party, with support under 30 percent. The 5-Star is expected to chose the 31-year-old lawmaker Luigi Di Maio as its prime ministerial candidate next weekend. Berlusconi dismissed him as a  little political meteorite  with no practical know-how. Highlighting his own long experience in business and politics, he said he wanted to make a pact with the devil to take 20 years off his life. He joked this his tan, brown hair and slim figure showed a deal might have been struck. He also looked to swat down the hopes of Northern League leader Matteo Salvini, who has put himself forward as the natural prime ministerial candidate for the center-right.  We have always had respect for their ideas, but we created the center-right and we have always been the leader to put its program into action,  Berlusconi said. ",1
19844,Earthquake hits off Papua New Guinea,"LONDON (Reuters) - A magnitude 5.9 earthquake hit off the coast of Papua New Guinea in the early hours of Monday local time, the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center said. The quake struck at a depth of 37 km (23 miles), in the sea southwest of Kandrian soon after midnight (1426 GMT Sunday), the center added. ",1
19845,Japan's PM Abe considers snap election as early as October: sources,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is considering calling a snap election for as early as next month to take advantage of his  improved approval ratings and disarray in the main opposition party, government and ruling party sources said on Sunday. Abe s ratings have recovered to 50 percent in some polls, helped by public jitters over North Korea s missile and nuclear tests and chaos in the opposition Democratic Party, which has been struggling with single-digit support and defections. Abe told executives of his Liberal Democratic Party and its  junior coalition partner, the Komeito party, that he might   dissolve parliament s lower house for a snap poll after the legislature convenes for an extra session from Sept. 28, the sources said.  Top LDP and Komeito officials will meet on Monday to discuss preparations, they added.   Until now, it appeared the election would be next autumn, but ... we must always be ready for battle,  domestic media quoted Komeito party chief Natsuo Yamaguchi as telling reporters on Saturday during a visit to Russia. One option is to hold a snap election on Oct. 22, when three by-elections are scheduled, the sources said. Other possibilities are later in October or after an expected visit by U.S. President Donald Trump in early November. Abe will probably make a decision after returning from a Sept. 18-22 trip to the United States, the sources said.  Abe s ratings had sunk below 30 percent in some surveys in July, battered by suspected cronyism scandals and a perception that he had grown arrogant after more than four years in office. His popularity rebounded somewhat after a cabinet reshuffle in early August and has since been helped by worries over a volatile North Korea, which on Friday fired a ballistic missile over Japan, its second such move in less than a month.   If we have a snap election now, we need to explain it to the public, including how we will cope with the threat from North Korea,  Koichi Hagiuda, a senior LDP executive, told NHK.  Given that there is no need for a general election until late 2018, a snap poll could prompt criticism of Abe for creating a political vacuum at a time of rising tensions over regional security. However, an early vote would not only take advantage of Democratic Party disarray but could also dilute a challenge from an embryonic party that allies of popular Tokyo Governor Yuriko Koike, an ex-LDP lawmaker, are trying to form.  Abe s coalition would be likely to lose its two-thirds  super majority  in the lower house but keep a simple majority, political sources have said. Loss of the two-thirds grip could dim prospects of Abe achieving his goal of revising Japan s pacifist constitution to clarify the military s role, though members of a new conservative party linked to Koike might back the change. Any constitutional amendment requires approval by two thirds of both chambers and a majority in a public referendum. That risk could make Abe hesitate.  I am skeptical about the consensus that Abe will call a snap election because doing so poses a risk, albeit small, to his agenda of constitutional revision,  said Jeffrey Kingston, director of Asian studies at Temple University Japan. ",1
19846,Putin ally: No logic in deploying U.N. forces on Russia-Ukraine border,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - One of President Vladimir Putin s top allies said on Sunday she saw no logic in deploying U.N. peacekeepers along the border between Russia and Ukraine, something Kiev and Washington favor. Putin this month suggested armed U.N. peacekeepers be deployed to eastern Ukraine to help protect ceasefire monitors from the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) and to help end a conflict between Ukrainian troops and Russia-backed separatists, which has killed more than 10,000 people since 2014. German Chancellor Angela Merkel has called the proposal  interesting,  while Kurt Volker, the U.S. envoy to Ukraine peace talks, says the suggestion gives negotiators more ideas with which to seek a resolution to the conflict.  But differences about where the peacekeepers would operate risk sinking the plan.   Putin originally said the peacekeepers could be deployed along the line of contact between Ukrainian government forces and pro-Russian separatists, but later said they could also be deployed in other areas where OSCE inspectors work.  Washington and Kiev also want peacekeepers to be deployed along those parts of Ukraine s border with Russia which Kiev does not control. However, Valentina Matviyenko, speaker of the Russian upper house of parliament and a close Putin ally, said on Sunday Moscow strongly objected to that idea.  I don t see any logic in such a proposal,  Matviyenko, visiting Turkmenistan, told reporters, the Interfax news agency reported.   Those who would like to surround the residents of the self-proclaimed republics of Donbass (Donetsk) and Luhansk with barbed wire or to simply destroy these people ... will not succeed.  ",1
19847,Gay activists march through Serb capital behind police lines,"BELGRADE (Reuters) - Serbian gay right activists marched with their first openly lesbian prime minister through the streets of Belgrade on Sunday, protected by police in riot gear as a helicopter flew low overhead. Senior government officials joined hundreds of revelers on the Belgrade Pride parade   an event campaigners said was a test of the conservative Balkan state s rights record as it seeks to join the European Union. Seven years ago, hardline nationalists attacked people at the march, prompting authorities to cancel it until 2015. The European Union said in 2016 Serbia needed to do more to help minorities including Roma, disabled, lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people.  Serbia respects diversity, my message is that the Serbian government is here for all of its citizens ... the people have the right to march,  Prime Minister Ana Brnabic said as marchers waved rainbow flags and blew whistles around her. Co-organizer Groan Mile tic told reporters human rights had improved over the past decade.  We still have to work a lot more to make it even better,  he said.  Homophobia remains widespread in Serbia and other societies in the Balkans; the head of the Serbian Orthodox Church last week compared homosexuality to pedophilia and incest. President Aleksandar Vucic, a former ultranationalist who has rebranded himself as a pro-Western reformer, said this week he had  no intention  of joining the march. Pride parades have largely passed without trouble in Serbia since 2015. ",1
19848,Pakistani Taliban says behind deadly blast in tribal region,"PESHAWAR, Pakistan (Reuters) - The militant Pakistani Taliban group said it carried out an attack on Sunday that killed five people in the tribal areas bordering Afghanistan. Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan (TTP) spokesman Mohammad Khurassani said the militants planted an improvised explosive device  to target security personnel  in the Bajaur Agency area that is part of the Federally Administered Tribal Areas (FATA). The blast struck a vehicle in the Mamund area of Bajaur, killing four security personnel and an official from the civilian administration, local government sources said. Bajaur is one of the Pashtun tribal regions near the Afghan border. Security in the region has improved in recent years after the Pakistani military mounted offensives there against the al Qaeda-linked Pakistani Taliban, which is considered the country s biggest security threat. But militants continue to stage attacks in FATA, which remains off-bounds for foreigners and is considered one of the most volatile parts of the nuclear-armed nation of 208 million people. ",1
19849,Russia rejects allegation it bombed U.S.-backed fighters in Syria,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia s Defence Ministry on Sunday rejected allegations it had bombed U.S.-backed militias in Syria, saying its planes only targeted Islamic State militants and that it had warned the United States well in advance of its operational plans. U.S.-backed militias said they came under attack on Saturday from Russian jets and Syrian government forces in Deir al-Zor province, a flashpoint in an increasingly complex battlefield. The Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), an alliance of Kurdish and Arab militias fighting with the U.S.-led coalition, said six of its fighters had been wounded in the strike. But Major-General Igor Konashenkov, a spokesman for the Russian Defence Ministry, dismissed the allegations in a statement on Sunday. Konashenkov said Russian planes had only carried out carefully targeted strikes in the area based upon information that had been confirmed from multiple sources. The strikes had only hit targets in areas under the control of Islamic State, he said.  To avoid unnecessary escalation, the commanders of Russian forces in Syria used an existing communications channel to inform our American partners in good time about the borders of our military operation in Deir al-Zor,  Konashenkov said.  In the last few days, Russian surveillance and reconnaissance did not detect a single clash between Islamic State and armed representatives of any  third force  on the eastern bank of the Euphrates,  he added. Separately, Franz Klintsevich, a member of the upper house of parliament s security committee, said there was no proof to underpin the accusations against Moscow.    ",1
19850,Varadkar bounce gives Ireland's Fine Gael eight-point poll lead,"DUBLIN (Reuters) - Ireland s ruling Fine Gael party has opened up an eight-point lead over its nearest rival, an opinion poll showed on Sunday, suggesting the minority government was seeing a bounce under new prime minister Leo Varadkar. Varadkar, the 38-year-old son of an Indian immigrant and the first gay premier of the once-staunchly Catholic country,  succeeded Enda Kenny in May as members of his center-right Fine Gael hoped a young, straight-talking leader would propel the party ahead of main rival Fianna Fail. Fine Gael secured the support of 33 percent of respondents to the Sunday Times/Behaviour & Attitudes poll, up from 29 percent in July, while the opposition Fianna Fail fell five points to 25 percent.  All of this increase has come from those who were undecided about the Taoiseach (prime minister) in the previous poll,  said Behaviour & Attitudes executive chairman Ian McShane. In opinion polls taken before the summer recess, Fine Gael had mostly held only a marginal lead over Fianna Fail. Varadkar s minority government relies on the backing of fellow center-right Fianna Fail in key votes, under a deal due to last under October 2018, although many analysts expect an election to be called before the agreement concludes. Fine Gael won 25.5 percent of the vote at last year s election, to Fianna Fail s 24.3 percent, leaving both well short of the support needed to form a coalition government. Support for Ireland s third largest party Sinn Fein rose one point to 19 percent in the poll. Both Fine Gael and Fianna Fail say they will not consider forming a coalition government with left-wing Sinn Fein after the next election. ",1
19851,India Prime Minister Modi inaugurates controversial dam project,"MUMBAI (Reuters) - Prime Minister Narendra Modi inaugurated India s biggest dam on Sunday, ignoring warnings from environment groups that hundreds of thousands of people will lose their livelihoods. The controversial Sardar Sarovar Dam on the Narmada river in the country s western state of Gujarat that will provide power and water to three big states was dedicated to the people of India by Narendra Modi. The project has been beset by controversies since the laying of the foundation stone by Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru in 1961. The construction of the project began in 1987. The dam is the second biggest dam in the world after the Grand Coulee Dam in the United States. Ahead of the inauguration Modi said in a tweet,  This project will benefit lakhs of farmers and help fulfill people s aspirations.  (1 lakh = 100,000) The dam is expected to provide water to 9,000 villages and the power generated from the dam would be shared among three states - Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra and Gujarat.  The Narmada Bachao Andolan (NBA), led by social activist Medha Patkar, has been protesting against the project, raising several environmental concerns.  Construction on the dam had been suspended in 1996 following a stay by the Supreme Court which allowed work to resume, four years later, but with conditions. Patkar and her supporters started the protest against the inauguration of the dam on Saturday and the opening of its gates which would raise the level of water and risk displacing several villages.  Today is a very sad day for India, and for one of our biggest peoples  movements and struggle - the Narmada Bacchao Andolan,  Ravi Chellam, executive director at Greenpeace India said in a statement.  The Sardar Sarovar Project... signals ruin not development for tens of thousands of unsuspecting, hapless and poor farmers,  Chellam added. ",1
19852,Police give all clear after BA plane searched in Paris,"PARIS (Reuters) - Police said a security alert on a British Airways plane in Paris on Sunday was a false alarm. Passengers were evacuated from Flight BA303 at Charles de Gaulle airport before it was due to fly to London for what officials said was a security reason. Sniffer dogs checked the plane and found no threat, police said as they lifted the alert. ",1
19853,Syrian army cuts Islamic State's main Deir al-Zor supply line: RIA,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Syrian army has cut Islamic State s main supply line in the city of Deir al-Zor after taking control of the al-Jafra district, Russia s RIA news agency cited an unnamed source as saying on Sunday.  ",1
19854,Trump's tweet on London train bombing just speculation: minister,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain s interior minister said a claim by U.S. President Donald Trump that the culprits behind a bombing on a London train were in the sights of the police, made on Twitter shortly after the attack, had been nothing more than speculation.  It s never helpful to have speculation about an ongoing operation and I would include the president of the United States in that comment,  Amber Rudd told BBC television on Sunday.  It is pure speculation, absolutely.  Rudd s comments echoed those of British Prime Minister Theresa May who said on Friday it was not helpful for anyone to speculate on investigations. ",1
19855,Russia's Lavrov and Tillerson talk Syria after bombing allegations,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia s Foreign Ministry said on Sunday that U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson had phoned Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov on Saturday to discuss the Syria situation and how the  anti-terrorism  battle on the ground was playing out.  The call occurred after U.S.-backed militias in Syria said they had come under attack on Saturday from Russian jets and Syrian government forces in Deir al-Zor province, a flashpoint in an increasingly complex battlefield. The Russian Foreign Ministry did not say in its statement about the Lavrov-Tillerson call if the two men had discussed that allegation and how Moscow had responded if they had. ",1
19856,South Korea says Moon and Trump agree on need for stronger North Korea sanctions,"SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea s President Moon Jae-in and U.S. President Donald Trump agreed to exert stronger pressure through sanctions on North Korea following its nuclear and missile tests, South Korea s presidential office said following a telephone call between the two leaders on Sunday.  The two leaders agreed to strengthen cooperation, and exert stronger and practical sanctions on North Korea so that it  realizes provocative actions leads to further diplomatic isolation and economic pressure,  Blue House spokesman Park Soo-hyun said in a televised briefing. The Blue House said Moon and Trump had strongly condemned the latest missile launch by North Korea, and agreed that the two nations would work with the international community to implement the latest UN Security Council s resolution 2375, Park said.  ",1
19857,Pakistanis vote in by-election seen as test of support for ousted PM Sharif,"LAHORE, Pakistan (Reuters) - Pakistanis began casting votes on Sunday for the parliamentary seat vacated by ousted Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif, in a by-election seen as a test of support for the Sharif dynasty ahead of the 2018 general election. Sharif s ruling Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N) party hopes a resounding victory in the eastern city of Lahore would show that support for the family was undiminished despite the Supreme Court s removal of Sharif in July. Sharif s daughter Maryam has spearheaded the PML-N campaign for her mother Kulsoom - who is the MPL-N candidate despite receiving cancer treatment in London with Nawaz at her side. Maryam, who some PML-N leaders see as a future leader, has framed the poll as a chance for voters to give a bloody nose to the judiciary by handing the party a thumping victory.  Will you take revenge for your disrespected vote?  Maryam asked supporters at a recent rally. Opposition leader Imran Khan - whose threats of street protests pushed the Supreme Court to launch a probe into Nawaz s wealth - is seeking to build on the success of his anti-graft crusade by making inroads into Sharifs  power base in Punjab. The Supreme Court in July disqualified Sharif because he did not declare a monthly salary, equivalent to $2,722, from a company owned by his son when the veteran leader, who had held power twice in the 1990s, became prime minister for the third time. Sharif denies receiving the salary. Khan has turned the by-election into a plebiscite about corruption, and has accused the provincial Punjab government, which is run by Nawaz s brother Shahbaz, of abusing state resources to help the PML-N campaign.  Your prime minister owns some of the most expensive real estate in the world - all in his daughter s name. Meanwhile half the children of this country are malnourished,  Khan told a rally on Saturday. Analysts predict PML-N will win again but they say Khan s party would build momentum ahead of the 2018 poll if PTI candidate Yasmin Rashid, a gynecologist from the area, substantially reduces the PML-N s 40,000 vote-winning margin from 2013.  PTI would be very happy if the margin ended up being small. That would be a victory for them,  said Hasan Askri a political analyst. Many of the 321,633 registered voters in the central Lahore NA-120 consituency are conflicted.  My head goes towards PTI while my heart goes towards PML-N,  said Ali Raza, 25, a bank employee.  Kulsoom and Rashid will be competing against about 40 other candidates, including religious parties. One candidate is backed by a new party that is led by an Islamist firebrand who is subject to a $10 million bounty offered by the United States. Hafiz Saeed heads the Jammat-ud-Dawa (JuD) charity, having founded and formerly led the Lashkhar-e-Taiba (LeT) militant group that carried out the 2008 attacks on the Indian city of Mumbai that killed 166 people. The United States has placed Saeed, the charity and LeT on a terrorist list. (L4N1LV52I) Voting began at 9am (0400 GMT) and the polls are due to close at 5pm, with results likely to be announced after midnight. ",1
19858,Philippines' Duterte asks head of human rights agency: 'Are you a pedophile?',"MANILA (Reuters) - Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte taunted the head of the Commission on Human Rights (CHR) on Saturday, asking if he was a pedophile because of his focus on the killing of teenagers in the government s bloody war on drugs. Duterte also suggested to lawmakers that the CHR s proposed 678 million Philippine peso ($13.2 million) budget could be used to equip police with body cameras if the legislators preferred not to restore funding for the agency, with which he has repeatedly clashed over his anti-drugs campaign. The CHR requested a budget of 1.72 billion pesos for 2018, but the government proposed 678 million instead. Duterte s allies in the lower house of Congress then voted to allocate it just 1,000 pesos ($20), in what critics of the drugs war said was retaliation for its efforts to investigate thousands of killings in the past 15 months, including those of two teenagers in August.  Why is this guy so pre...suffocated with the issue of young people, especially boys? Are you a pedophile?  Duterte asked, referring to CHR head Chito Gascon.  Why are you smitten with teenagers? Are you? I m having my doubts. Are you gay or a pedophile?  he asked. CHR spokeswoman Jacqueline de Guia said the president s remarks deviated public attention away from a critical human rights issue in the country.  These are remarks that do not show respect for the dignity of others. The public must understand that the death of children concerns us all as they are especially vulnerable and need state protection,  De Guia told Reuters in a mobile phone message. Duterte also accused Gascon of being a spokesman for the opposition and criticized his scrutiny of police anti-drug activities.  Why can t you move on to other issues that are besetting this country?  Duterte said, citing the suffering of the people in the besieged southern city of Marawi.  Critics say police are executing suspects under what is effectively a government policy. Duterte has rejected that claim while the police say they only kill in self-defense. The CHR has long said it lacks the manpower and resources to fully investigate the killings, the majority of which activists say are of drug users and small-time peddlers, with few high-profile arrests. Vice President Leni Robredo, who was not Duterte s running mate and has locked horns with him numerous times, said the lawmakers  move regarding CHR s budget effectively abolishes the constitutional body. Filipinos largely support the crackdown as a means to tackle rampant crime, which Duterte says stems from drug addiction. Duterte reiterated there will be no let-up in the campaign, which he said was targeted at organized criminals trafficking in drugs and not at  teenagers without a sin . The firebrand leader, who is also fighting communist rebels following a breakdown in peace talks with the government, said he remained open to resuming negotiations to end the conflict that has dragged on for nearly five decades.  ",1
19859,"After Irma ravages Havana, city highlights housing replacement drive","HAVANA (Reuters) - After Hurricane Irma wrought havoc on Havana s decrepit buildings and killed four in building collapses there, city authorities held a rare media briefing to stress they were prioritizing solving the capital s longstanding housing needs. A quarter of buildings in the Cuban city are in  bad or  regular  shape, according to the provincial housing authority, due largely to a punishing tropical climate, lack of adequate maintenance and passage of time.  Some Havana residents complained Irma would not have been as deadly if authorities had addressed their housing needs, a criticism authorities rejected. Euclides Santos, in charge of Havana housing, told a small group of foreign reporters the city had put a strategy in place in 2012 to repair housing as well as provide new homes even if lack of resources made it hard to fulfill its goals. Around 50,000 families in total were in need of new housing, Santos said.  We have delivered 10,000 or so homes so far to people in shelters which means the program is achieving results,  he said on Friday, noting the city had nearly doubled annual spending on construction in that time to around 185 million Cuban pesos, equivalent to some $7.7 million. Some Cubans had been waiting in communal shelters for more than 20 years at the start of the program, said Santos, pointing to the economic crisis Cuba went through after the fall of the Soviet Union. The country has also suffered from the decades-long U.S. trade embargo.  Havana had focused first on providing homes for those Cubans, then for those who had been waiting 15-19 years. Now it was looking to resolve housing needs of those who had been waiting 10-14 years.   There is a strategy to reduce the time families have to spend in these places,  Santos said, adding that around 7,000 people were residing in Havana s 109 shelters.  Families have little privacy in the shelters, where flimsy walls or even washing lines are often used to crudely divide the units. Many Cubans say they would rather risk their lives staying in their crumbling homes than move to one. Others say they would prefer to remain in existing homes in the city center, even though they are falling apart, rather than move to new houses they complain are shoddily built and out of town. The city s aim had been to build 3,000 homes per year, which would have solved 80-90 percent of Havana s housing needs by 2020, Santos said. However, a lack of resources meant it had only managed to build between 2,200 and 2,300 homes per year so far. With shipments of cheap oil from Venezuela reduced and Cuba s exports down, the cash-strapped island nation has had to cut imports over the past two years. Irma added to those woes. While the eye of the hurricane did not reach Havana, tropical-storm force winds and heavy rains of its outer bands, as well as a storm surge, lashed its buildings. Nearly 200 were completely destroyed. Two brothers were killed in densely packed Canter Havana when a wall fell on their flat. Santos said authorities had urged them to evacuate the building which they knew was in bad shape. The actual owner of the flat had already been given a new home and they were squatting there, he said. ",1
19860,Tunisians march against contested corruption amnesty,"TUNIS (Reuters) - Hundreds of Tunisians protested on Saturday in the streets of the capital against a widely contested new law that grants  officials from the former regime involved in corruption amnesty from prosecution. Tunisia s parliament on Wednesday approved a law protecting officials accused of graft during the rule of autocrat Zine El-Abidine Ben Ali, triggering angry protests by the opposition and activists. Waving flags and banners saying  No to forgiveness ,  Resisting against mafia rule , around 1,500 people marched through the capital s central Avenue Habib Bourguiba in the company of opposition leaders. After months of protests, the law was amended from an original draft which would have also granted amnesty to corrupt businessmen. Now they will be liable to prosecution for crimes committed during Ben Ali s 24-year rule. Critics of the so-called  Economic Reconciliation  law say it is a step back from the spirit of Tunisia s 2011 revolution to oust Ben Ali, who fled after weeks of protests against corruption and inequality.  The counterrevolution is being led today by the President of the Republic,  Hamma Hammami, leader of Popular Front party, told Reuters.  The people returned to the streets again today as before the revolution and will not be silent against the corrupt system.  Ruling parties Ennahda and Nidaa Tounes supported the law. The law was proposed by President Beji Caid Essebsi, himself a former Ben Ali official, and sent to parliament in 2015. But debate was postponed after criticism that the original bill benefited business elites tied to the government. Government officials say the law helps to turn the page on the past, improves the climate for investment and gives confidence to the administration and officials. Slim Azzabi, the director of the president s office, said reconciliation would include about 2,000 employees and officials and will contribute to additional economic growth by 1.2 percent because of returned funds. Despite the consensus between secular and Islamist parties that helped the country s transition toward democracy, the bill has divided Tunisians between those who want to draw a line under the past and those who say they must deal with past graft. Since the 2011 uprising, Tunisia has been held up by Western partners as a model of democracy for the region. Economic progress has lagged, though, and corruption remains a major problem in the North African state. ",1
19861,Turkey summons German envoy over Kurdish rally in Cologne,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey summoned the German ambassador to Ankara on Saturday over what it said was a Kurdish militant rally in Cologne, the foreign ministry said, in a further sign of strained relations between the NATO allies.  We condemn the organization of a rally in the German city of Cologne by the extensions of the PKK terrorist organizations, and the allowing of terror propaganda. We have voiced our reaction in a strong manner to Germany s ambassador to Ankara, who was called to the ministry,  it said. State-run Anadolu news agency said some 3,000 Kurdish supporters demonstrated in Cologne on Saturday carrying posters calling for the release of Abdullah Ocalan, the jailed leader of the Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK), which is listed as a terrorist group by the European Union and the United States, and is banned in Germany. Turkey has accused Germany of not doing enough to stop PKK activities.  The double standard approach Germany has been following with regards to the global fight against terrorism is worrying. We call on Germany to show a principled stance against all kinds of terror,  the ministry said. Relations with Europe, particularly Germany, have been strained since President Tayyip Erdogan launched a crackdown after a failed coup last year. More than 50,000 people have been jailed pending trial and some 150,000 people, including journalists and opposition figures, have been sacked or suspended from their jobs. Germany has criticized the mass arrests, refused to extradite people Turkey says were involved in the putsch attempt and demanded the release of around a dozen German citizens arrested in recent months.      ",1
19862,Jets strike U.S.-backed forces in eastern Syria,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - U.S.-backed militias in Syria said they came under attack on Saturday from Russian jets and Syrian government forces in Deir al-Zor province, a flashpoint in an increasingly complex battlefield. The Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), an alliance of Kurdish and Arab militias fighting with the U.S.-led coalition, said six of its fighters were wounded in the strike. The Pentagon said Russia bombed a position east of the Euphrates river where it knew SDF fighters and coalition advisers were stationed. The jets did not injure coalition forces, it said. There was no immediate comment from Moscow or Damascus. Washington and Moscow support separate offensives in the Syrian conflict, with both advancing against Islamic State militants in the eastern region that borders Iraq.  Our forces east of the Euphrates were hit with an attack from the Russian aircraft and Syrian regime forces, targeting our units in the industrial zone,  the SDF said in a statement.  The SDF accused Damascus of trying to obstruct its fighters. Such attacks  waste energies that should be used against terrorism ... and open the door to side conflicts,  it said. The assaults by the Russian-backed Syrian army and the U.S.-backed SDF have at times raised fears of clashes that could stoke tensions between the competing world powers. Both offensives have converged on Islamic State from opposite sides of the Euphrates river that bisects oil-rich Deir al-Zor, Islamic State s last major foothold in Syria. Syrian troops with Iran-backed militias have closed in from the west since last week, while the SDF advances from the east.  Russian and U.S. battles against Islamic State in Syria have mostly stayed out of each other s way, with the Euphrates often acting as a dividing line. Talks have been under way to extend a formal demarcation line, officials have said. The U.S. coalition has said the SDF does not plan to enter Deir al-Zor city, where Syrian soldiers have broken an Islamic State siege that lasted since 2014. Still, in June, the SDF accused the Syrian military of bombing its positions in Raqqa province, and the United States shot down a government warplane in Syria s crowded airspace. Ahmed Abu Khawla, the commander of the SDF s Deir al-Zor military council, said Russian or Syrian fighter jets flew in from government territory before dawn on Saturday. The warplanes struck as the SDF waged  heated and bloody battles  in the industrial zone on the eastern bank, seizing factories from Islamic State militants, he said.  We have requested explanations from the Russian government,  he told Reuters.  We have asked for explanations from the coalition ... and necessary action to stop these jets.  The air raid came a day after Khawla said his fighters would not let Syrian government forces cross the Euphrates. On Friday, he warned the army and its allies against firing across the river, which he said they had done in recent days.  The Russian foreign ministry said units of the Syrian army had already crossed. A senior aide to President Bashar al-Assad said the government would fight any force, including the U.S.-backed fighters, to recapture the entire country.  I m not saying this will happen tomorrow ... but this is the strategic intent,  Bouthaina Shaaban said in a TV interview. Syrian troops and allied forces captured villages on the western bank of the Euphrates on Saturday, state media said.  Shi ite militias fighting with Damascus also launched attacks against Islamic State in the south of Deir al-Zor province along the border. Just over the frontier inside Iraq, the military said Iraqi armed forces dislodged Islamic State from the natural gas-rich Akashat region. The  caliphate  that Islamic State said in 2014 it had established, spanning both countries, effectively collapsed in July when an Iraqi offensive captured the city of Mosul. In Syria, the militants have lost much of their headquarters in Raqqa to the SDF with the help of air strikes and special forces from the U.S.-led coalition. ",1
19863,Petrol bombs and tear gas in Athens rally to mark rapper killing,"ATHENS (Reuters) - Greek police fired tear gas at protesters who hurled petrol bombs in Athens on Saturday during a rally marking four years since the killing of an anti-fascism rapper by an ultranationalist Golden Dawn supporter. The killing of Pavlos Fyssas, who performed under the stage name Killah P, had sparked protests across Greece and led to an investigation into Golden Dawn for evidence linking it to violent attacks. A trial of party members is continuing.   Clashes broke out on Saturday after dozens of hooded demonstrators broke off from a march of about 2,000 people, including activists and migrants, towards the Golden Dawn offices in central Athens.   Protesters shouted  Pavlos is alive! Crush the Nazis!  and held up banners demanding the party s offices are shut down and its members are jailed.  Police buses and officers in riot gear blocked the column from reaching the building.  A second rally to mark Fyssas s death anniversary on Sept. 18 has been called for Monday in the working-class neighborhood of Keratsini where he was stabbed to death. ",1
19864,"Venezuela's Maduro upbeat on talks, opposition fear 'show'","CARACAS (Reuters) - President Nicolas Maduro has predicted a new foreign-led effort to mediate Venezuela s political crisis would produce a deal soon, but the opposition said on Saturday it would not accept another time-wasting  show .  Following months of anti-Maduro protests earlier this year that led to at least 125 deaths, both sides sent delegations to meet the Dominican Republic s president this week for a possible start to a negotiated solution.   After weeks of conversations, we are close to an agreement, of political co-existence, of peace and sovereignty,  Maduro said in a speech late on Friday.  We re very near.  But the opposition, which accuses Maduro of creating a dictatorship and ruining a once-prosperous oil economy, insisted the talks in Santo Domingo were only  exploratory  and would not proceed without firm guarantees of democratic change.  They want a date for the next presidential election, due by the end of 2018, with guarantees it will be free and fair, plus freedom for hundreds of jailed activists, a foreign humanitarian aid corridor, and respect for the opposition-led congress.   IRON-CLAD GUARANTEES   They can t mess us around like last year, when they promised heaven and earth, but nothing happened,  said Julio Borges, the leader of congress which has been overridden by a pro-Maduro legislative superbody called a Constituent Assembly.   If we don t have iron-clad guarantees ... that everything is leading to democratic change ... we won t take a step more,  he told reporters on Saturday, recalling failed 2016 Vatican-led talks.  We want to avoid a repeat of last year s show.  Maduro says the Constituent Assembly has brought peace to the South American nation of 30 million. But many major foreign powers do not recognize the body given its origins in a controversial election that the opposition boycotted.  After more than four months of often violent protests, which also led to thousands of injuries and arrests, Maduro says a U.S.-fanned coup attempt has been defeated. But the strife has seen international opinion harden against him.  Dominican leader Danilo Medina said Mexico, Chile, Bolivia and Nicaragua would join a new round of talks on Sept. 27, with two other countries to be defined. The Democratic Unity coalition said on Saturday one of those was Paraguay. While the government is eager to show the world it is entering a dialogue, opposition leaders face skepticism from their supporters, many of whom view a potential negotiation as a betrayal of dead protesters and legitimization of an autocrat. ",1
19865,Turkey says northern Iraqi referendum an issue of national security,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said on Saturday that the planned independence referendum in northern Iraq is an issue of national security, and Turkey will take any necessary steps. On Friday, Iraqi Kurdish leader Massoud Barzani said the vote would not be delayed, despite requests from the United States and other Western powers worried that tensions between Baghdad and Erbil would distract from the war on Islamic State militants who continue to occupy parts of Iraq and Syria. Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said in an interview on Friday that Barzani s decision not to postpone the referendum was  very wrong .  ",1
19866,Russia knew U.S.-backed Syrian forces were in area it bombed: Pentagon,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Russian jets bombed a target east of the Euphrates River near Dayr Az Zawr in Syria where it knew US-backed Syrian Democratic Forces and coalition advisers were located, the Pentagon said on Saturday.  Russian munitions impacted a location known to the Russians to contain Syrian Democratic Forces and coalition advisers,  the Pentagon said in a statement.  Several SDF fighters were wounded,  it added.  Coalition troops advising and assisting the SDF were not wounded, the Pentagon added. The SDF is an alliance of Kurdish and Arab militias fighting with the U.S.-led coalition. (This story corrects spelling to Dayr Az Zawr, not Dayr Az Zawat in first paragraph) ",1
19867,"Car bomb kills one, wounds 10 in disputed Iraqi oil city","KIRKUK, Iraq (Reuters) - A car bomb killed one person and injured ten in Kirkuk, an Iraqi oil city where local Kurdish authorities plan to hold a referendum on independence despite opposition from the central government and the region s non-Kurdish population. The blast targeted a liquor store, according to a security source. An Iraqi interior ministry statement described the attack as  terrorist aggression  and did not link it to the tension caused by the Kurdish plan to hold the vote, on Sept. 25. Kirkuk is home to sizeable Arab and Turkmen populations and lies outside the official boundaries of the Kurdistan region. It is claimed by both the Kurds and the central government in Baghdad. Kurdish peshmerga fighters seized Kirkuk and other disputed territories when the Iraqi army collapsed in the face of Islamic State in 2014, preventing its oilfields from falling into militant hands. ",1
19868,Catalan mayors defy Spanish courts ahead of independence vote,"BARCELONA (Reuters) - More than 700 mayors from across Catalonia gathered in Barcelona on Saturday to confirm their support for a planned independence referendum that Madrid has declared illegal. The Catalan government plans to hold a referendum on self rule for the wealthy northeastern region on Oct. 1, despite strong opposition from government which has challenged the vote in the Constitutional Court. The mayors met with Catalonia s regional head Carles Puigdemont in a show of defiance, following Spanish prosecutors warning earlier this week that officials engaging in any preparations for the vote could be charged with civil disobedience, abuse of office and misuse of public funds. On Wednesday, Spanish prosecutors summoned for questioning more than 700 mayors who had said they would allow municipal spaces to be used for voting. If the mayors do not respond to the order, police should arrest them, the order said. Meeting in downtown Barcelona in front of hundreds of flag waving pro-independence protesters, the mayors gave speeches in which they promised continued support for the referendum amid chants of  we will vote  and  independence.  Barcelona mayor Ada Colau, who has reached an agreement with the Catalan regional government to allow voting in the city, criticized Madrid s response to the crisis in a short speech in the city hall.    It s a disgrace that we have a government that is incapable of dialogue and instead dedicates itself to pursuing and intimidating mayors and the media,  Colau said.     So far, 740 of 948 municipal leaders have said they would allow municipal spaces to be used for the referendum, according to the Association for Municipalities for Independence (AMI).     Spanish police have raided several print shops and newspaper offices in recent days in a hunt for voting papers, ballot boxes and leaflets to be used for the referendum. Catalonia s top court on Friday issued a warning to seven newspapers not to publish campaign notices for the referendum, a court spokesperson said.     On Saturday, Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy called for a return to  rationality and legality  and promised to block the vote.  The only thing I ask of (Catalan) mayors is that they comply with the law, and as such don t participate in an illegal referendum,  Rajoy said.    Polls show a minority of Catalans want independence, although a majority want the chance to vote on the issue. The Scottish government lent its support to the Catalan referendum. Cabinet Secretary for External Affairs Fiona Hyslop said Scotland s 2014 referendum on self rule, which was agreed to by both Westminster and Edinburgh, was a positive example of how to resolve such disputes.  All peoples have the right to self determination and to choose the form of government best suited to their needs, a principle which is enshrined in the UN Charter,  Hyslop said in a statement on Saturday.  The  No  side won in the Scottish independence referendum. ",1
19869,Ukraine PM says review of gas price formula is under way,"KIEV (Reuters) - Ukraine s prime minister, Voldoymyr Groysman, said on Saturday the government was reviewing the way it sets domestic gas bills to make sure market prices are taken into account - a bid to answer demands under a $17.5-billion IMF aid program. The long-delayed disbursement of a next tranche of IMF loans depends on Ukraine adjusting gas prices, and also on pension reform and the creation of an independent judicial body to tackle endemic graft. Speaking at the annual Yalta European Strategy conference, Groysman said the gas pricing formula was being reviewed but did not say how tariffs would be affected.  We believe that the gas price should be determined in accordance with the gas market and in accordance with a formula. The most important thing is for this formula to be fair,  news agency Interfax Ukraine quoted Groysman as saying at the annual Yalta European Strategy conference.  At the moment our technical division is working on verifying the formula that determines the gas price,  he said. The IMF wants gas prices to be set by external market dynamics through an automatic formula to stop tariffs being set unsustainably low as a populist measure. Ukraine has so far received $8.4 billion from the Fund, helping it recover from a two-year recession following the annexation of Crimea by Russia in 2014 and the outbreak of a Russian-backed insurgency in its industrial east. On Friday, the IMF s first deputy managing director, David Lipton, said Ukraine risked undoing progress made under the program and urged the authorities to push ahead with reforms needed for the next loan tranche. Earlier on Saturday Groysman said Ukraine needed to set up an independent anti-graft judicial body quickly - adding that it did not matter if it was a separate court, as envisaged by the IMF, or a chamber to existing courts.  We need to quickly establish an instrument that would allow  corruptioneers  to face justice and whether it s called an anti-corruption chamber or court doesn t matter,  he told the conference. On Friday President Petro Poroshenko said an anti-graft chamber within the existing court system would be more feasible in the short-term - a proposal that reform activists have said would limit the independence of the body. (This story corrects headline and second para to clarify Ukraine is reviewing the gas price formula, not gas prices, which the IMF wants under its reform program) ",1
19870,UK police keeping open mind on number of suspects in London train bombing,"LONDON (Reuters) - British police are keeping an open mind on whether more than one person was responsible for a London train bombing that injured 30 people, after they arrested an 18-year-old man earlier on Saturday.  We are still pursuing numerous lines of enquiry, and at great pace,   Senior National Co-ordinator for Counter Terrorism Policing Neil Basu told reporters.   Our priorities are ... to identify and locate any other potential suspects.   ",1
19871,At least 30 Burundian refugees die in clashes with Congolese security forces,"KINSHASA (Reuters) - At least 30 Burundian refugees have been killed in clashes with Congolese security forces over plans to send some of them home, a Reuters witness and local activists said on Saturday.  Police and soldiers opened fire as the refugees protested over the plan in the town of Kamanyola in eastern Democratic Republic of Congo on Friday, the activists told Reuters. Congo s government spokesman Lambert Mende denied that those killed were refugees, saying that the clashes broke out when assailants from an unidentified armed group attacked an office belonging to the national intelligence agency. Five soldiers and 20 of the attackers were killed in the fighting, Mende said.  More than 400,000 refugees have fled Burundi - including 40,000 to neighboring Congo - since violence erupted in April 2015 when President Pierre Nkurunziza said he would seek a third term in office, a move his opponents said was unconstitutional. Wendo Joel, an activist from a Congolese pro-democracy and human right group, said the refugees had seized a weapon and killed a soldier as they tried to free some of their arrested compatriots.  The soldiers first fired in the air but there were many refugees,  Joel told Reuters.  I have counted 32 bodies. There are also about 100 wounded.  Reuters TV footage showed more than 30 bodies covered by sheets on the roadside in Kamanyola, with many more wounded also lying in the street. A U.N. spokeswoman confirmed that at least 18 Burundian asylum seekers had been killed but said the toll was likely to rise. Many others had taken shelter at the U.N. peacekeeping mission s nearby base, she added. According to a spokesman for the U.N. refugee agency, more than 2,000 Burundian refugees live in Kamanyola with host families. In a statement, Burundi s main opposition grouping, CNARED, accused Burundian army troops and members of the ruling CNDD-FDD s youth group Imbonerakure of carrying out the killings with the Congolese army. Burundian officials could not be immediately reached for comment, but Burundi s foreign minister Alain Aime Nyamitwe wrote on Twitter:  My heart sinks as I learn of the shootings in Eastern #DRC.   Clarifications are needed on the shootings & circumstances around,  he added. The violence in Burundi has killed over 700 people and a U.N. commission said last week there were reasonable grounds to believe authorities had committed crimes against humanity. The government rejected the commission s findings as  propaganda . ",1
19872,Iraqi PM says Kurds 'playing with fire' with independence vote: report,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi said on Saturday that Kurdish plans to hold a referendum on independence was like  playing with fire , according to a local media website.   Abadi s comment came after the parliament of the autonomous Kurdish region in northern Iraq approved on Friday the Kurdistan Regional Government s plan to hold the vote on Sept. 25. The vote could jeopardize gains achieved by the Kurds under the self-rule regime, Abadi said, according to the Iraqi Media News Agency news website. Abadi s media office didn t answer calls to confirm his comments.  ",1
19873,Australia's Turnbull defends 'religious freedom' amid gay marriage poll,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australia s Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull, a strong supporter of gay marriage, defended the right of a church to refuse to marry a young couple who had posted support for same-sex unions on social media.  The minister of a Presbyterian church in the southern state of Victoria told a young couple in their 20s that they would not be allowed to hold their ceremony at the church after the bride posted a message on Facebook supporting same-sex marriage.  Australia is in the midst of a non-compulsory, non-binding poll to inform Parliament on whether it should become the 25th country to legalise same-sex marriage. The issue has threatened to fracture the ruling Liberal-National coalition government.   Churches are free to marry whoever they like,  Turnbull said on Friday in Canberra according to a press conference transcript.  As strongly as I believe in the right of same-sex couples to marry ... Religious freedom is fundamental and it will be protected in any bill that emerges from this Parliament.   Religious freedom in Australia is guaranteed under the constitution. The issue has dogged Prime Minister Turnbull for two years as progressive and conservative members of his ruling coalition have pulled in opposite directions threatening his narrow Parliamentary majority.   Australians have started receiving postal ballots for the poll, which runs until the end of October, and the issue is dividing the country s population of 24 million people along religious and generational lines. Despite securing 70 percent public support in an Ipsos/Fairfax poll, the issue of same-sex marriage had faced a political deadlock, only broken last week when the High Court gave the all-clear for the vote.  Fissures have opened within religions as some churches urge their followers to vote against same-sex marriage, while other churches have taken a neutral stance.  The Catholic Archbishop of Sydney, Australia s largest city, wrote to Sydney Catholic school principals on Friday afternoon, quoting Pope Francis and urging them to oppose the vote. The Bishop of Parramatta, Vincent Long Van Nguyen, however, told his parishioners in a pastoral letter that the vote was a matter of individual conscience.  The Anglican church, which officially opposes gay marriage, has been divided on the issue for years.  ",1
19874,Nine killed in fighting between different branches of Somali government forces: police,"MOGADISHU (Reuters) - Fighting between the military and police backed by intelligence forces killed nine people in the Somali capital on Saturday, police said.     It seems they mistook the Somali national army for (clan) militias. The death toll is nine people including a civilian,  Major Abdullahi Hussein, a police officer, told Reuters. He said the fighting occurred because police were wrongly informed that there were armed militias in the area.  Accidents happen,  he said.  Somalia has been riven by civil war since 1991, when clan-based warlords overthrew a dictator then turned against each other. The weak U.N.-backed government is now battling an Islamist insurgency, but many members of its security forces are badly trained and coordination is poor.   Last night security forces (the police and intelligence) besieged us and then opened fire. We defended ourselves and chased the so-called security forces after hours of fighting today. We lost two soldiers and a wife of my colleague,  Major Nur Osman, a military officer, told Reuters on Saturday.  The land belongs to the military, it houses the families of  soldiers. However, the security forces were trying to force us off the land,  he said.  Residents said the fighting was terrifying.   We were awoken last night ... by gunfire ... We took our babies on our shoulders and fled,  resident Mohamed Idle told Reuters. In a separate incident on Saturday, Islamist insurgents briefly entered the town of El Wak in Gedo region, southern Somalia, near the border with Kenya.  A few soldiers were in El Wak and they left in the morning for tactical practice. Many al Shabaab fighters advanced,  Captain Ibrahim Ali, a military officer, told Reuters. Al Shabaab said they stayed briefly, took weapons and supplies, and left.  ",1
19875,"Gunfight erupts in southern Yemen, one civilian killed - witnesses","DUBAI (Reuters) - A gunfight erupted briefly in Aden on Saturday when a contingent loyal to President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi refused to hand over its positions to a local force, security sources said, and witnesses said one civilian was killed in the incident. The clash underscores the complex situation in Yemen, where a Saudi-led coalition is fighting a 2-1/2 year war against Iran-aligned Houthis who control most of northern Yemen, including the capital Sanaa. Witnesses said the shooting occurred in al-Arish on the Aden Abyan road, when a group of Hadi s Presidential Protection Forces refused to obey an order to hand over a checkpoint to the Security Belt, a force set up by the United Arab Emirates, a key member of the Saudi-led coalition. A security source described the incident as a  mutiny  although it was soon brought to an end.  The mutiny has ended and the situation is under control,  the source told Reuters. The local Aden al-Ghad newspaper quoted the commander of the force, Brigadier-General Tareq Ali Hadi, as saying the incident arose from fear that forces under his command would be discharged without any compensation. Witnesses traveling on the road said a military helicopter from the coalition engaged the forces at a checkpoint during the clash.  They said one civilian was killed when he was caught in the crossfire, while three members of his family were injured by shrapnel from a rocket fired by an Apache helicopter that struck a nearby house. Yemen has been torn by war since 2015, when Houthi forces backed by government troops loyal to former President Ali Abdullah Saleh advanced on Aden, forcing Hadi to flee to Saudi Arabia. ",1
19876,At least four killed in British motorway crash: police,"LONDON (Reuters) - At least four people died when several vehicles including a truck crashed on one of Britain s main motorways on Saturday, police said. The collision took place around 2:30 p.m. (1330 GMT) in south Gloucestershire, prompting the motorway to be shut in both directions.  Sadly, at least four people have died,  Avon and Somerset Police said in a statement.  Major crashes involving multiple fatalities are relatively uncommon in Britain but eight people died in August when two trucks and a minibus collided at the start of a busy bank holiday weekend. ",1
19877,Singaporeans protest against uncontested presidential election,"SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Hundreds of Singaporeans, most dressed in black, held a silent protest on Saturday against an uncontested presidential election this week in which applications from four candidates were rejected. Political protests are rare in the wealthy city-state but the election of Halimah Yacob, a former speaker of parliament, as the country s first woman president had led to some dismay over how other prospective candidates were rejected.  ROBBED OF AN ELECTION #NotMyPresident , read a banner at the entrance to the park where the protest was held, a venue called Speakers  Corner, which has been designated as the site in the city for people to air their views.  We care about the country and where it s heading toward,  said 22-year-old Anna, who declined to give her last name.  This is an issue that I feel especially strongly about,  she said, adding that the power of authorities  had gone unchecked . She said it was the first time she had attended a protest. If the election had been held, all citizens above the age of 21 would have been eligible to vote. Aiming to strengthen a sense of inclusivity, multicultural Singapore had decreed the presidency, a largely ceremonial six-year post, would be reserved for candidates from the minority Malay community this time. Of the four other applicants for the presidency, two were not Malays and two were not qualified to contest, the elections department said on Monday. Halimah had automatically qualified because she held a senior public post for over three years and was declared elected after nominations closed on Wednesday. The stringent eligibility rules include a stipulation that a candidate from the private sector should have headed a company with paid-up capital of at least S$500 million ($370 million). Organizers of Saturday s protest said it was silent as speeches that touched on race and religion would have needed a police permit. Gilbert Goh, one of the main organizers, said an estimated 2,000 people participated. Tan Cheng Bock, who lost the previous presidential election in 2011, said in a Facebook post:  It is not President Halimah as a person that Singaporeans are unhappy about. It is about the way our government has conducted this whole walkover presidential election.   Displays of dissent are unusual in Singapore, one of the richest and most politically stable countries in the world. It has been ruled by the People s Action Party (PAP) since independence in 1965 and the current prime minister, Lee Hsien Loong, is the son of the country s founding father Lee Kuan Yew. In the 2015 general election   held months after the death of Lee Kuan Yew   the PAP won almost 70 per cent of the popular vote and swept all but six of parliament s 89 seats. It was the third gathering of so many people at the Speakers  Corner since the beginning of July. The annual Pink Dot gay pride rally drew thousands of people to the site on July 1. And in mid-July, a protest was held at the venue calling for an independent inquiry into whether Lee abused his power in a battle with his siblings over what to do with their late father s house. ",1
19878,Pro-Damascus alliance declares Syria offensive near Iraq border,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - A military alliance fighting together with the Syrian army said it launched an assault in the east of the country on Saturday to drive Islamic State militants from the border with Iraq.  The alliance of Iran-backed Shi ite militias said the offensive, with Damascus s military support and Russian air cover, began in the southern corner of Deir al-Zor province.  The attack will target Islamic State all the way up to the town of al-Bukamal, where the Euphrates river meets the Iraqi border, it said.  Iraqi armed forces said on Saturday they had started an offensive to dislodge Islamic State from a border area holding some of the militants  last towns in the country. ",1
19879,"Ex-Nusra vows to fight on in Syria, denounces de-escalation deal","BEIRUT (Reuters) - The former al Qaeda branch in Syria has pledged to keep fighting government forces and their Russian and Iranian allies, and denounced ceasefire talks in Kazakhstan.   Russia, Iran and Turkey agreed on Friday to deploy observers on the edge of a  de-escalation  zone in Syria s Idlib province, which is largely under the control of Islamist insurgents.  While they hailed the agreement as a breakthrough after months of talks in the Kazakh capital Astana, they gave few details. The move falls under a broader deal in which they would set up four such zones across Syria.   The de-escalation plan has eased fighting in parts of western Syria between rebel factions and government forces loyal to President Bashar al-Assad.  But the ex-Nusra Front said the Astana process amounted to the surrender of rebel-held pockets, and what had started with a ceasefire would  end with restoring Bashar s rule to the areas . The group cut ties with al-Qaeda last year, rebranded, and now spearheads the Tahrir al-Sham jihadist alliance, controlling parts of the northwestern Idlib province, on the border with Turkey.  At least two million people live in Idlib, the largest populated area held by rebels - including some nationalist Free Syrian Army factions that have taken part in the Astana talks. Idlib s has population ballooned as thousands of civilians and fighters have left areas the Syrian army seized, with the help of Russian jets and Iran-backed militias.  Tahrir al-Sham criticized FSA rebels who have attended the Astana meetings, which began with Moscow-led diplomatic efforts separate from U.N.-based peace talks in Geneva.  We fear the day will come when those factions will line up alongside Russian warplanes and fight those who reject Assad and his regime,  it said in its statement. Bouthaina Shaaban, a senior aide to Assad, said on Friday that attempts to divide Syria had failed, and repeated the government s vow to take back the entire country, including  Idlib and other areas . Assad has gained the military upper hand against an array of rebel groups, including some that have received backing from the United States, Turkey and Gulf monarchies.  Damascus views any presence of Turkish forces as illegitimate, Syrian state news agency SANA cited a foreign ministry source as saying on Saturday.  The deal for Idlib is temporary. Its main goal is reviving the old Damascus-Hama-Aleppo road...and for all kinds of traffic to flow to Aleppo,  the source said. The government took full control of Aleppo city, east of Idlib, last year in a major blow to rebels.  Critics have described the de-escalation plan as de facto partitioning of Syria after years of multi-sided conflict. Moscow, Tehran, and Ankara deny this and say the zones will be temporary, although they could extend beyond the initial six-month term. ",1
19880,Bangladesh warns Myanmar over border amid refugee crisis,"DHAKA (Reuters) - Bangladesh has accused Myanmar of repeatedly violating its air space and warned that any more  provocative acts  could have  unwarranted consequences , raising the risk of a deterioration in relations already strained by the Rohingya refugee crisis. Nearly 400,000 Rohingya Muslims from western Myanmar have crossed into Bangladesh since Aug. 25, fleeing a Myanmar government offensive against insurgents that the United Nations has branded a  textbook example of ethnic cleansing . Bangladesh said Myanmar drones and helicopters had violated its air space three times - on Sept. 10, 12 and 14 - and it had called in a top Myanmar embassy official in Dhaka to complain.  Bangladesh expressed deep concern at the repetition of such acts of provocation and demanded that Myanmar takes immediate measures to ensure that such violation of sovereignty does not occur again,  the ministry said in statement late on Friday.  These provocative acts may lead to unwarranted consequences.  A Myanmar government spokesman said he did not have information about the incidents Bangladesh had complained about but Myanmar had denied an earlier accusation. The spokesman, Zaw Htay, said Myanmar would check any information that Bangladesh provided.   Our two countries are facing the refugee crisis. We need to collaborate with good understanding,  he told Reuters. Bangladesh has for decades faced influxes of Rohingya fleeing persecution in Buddhist-majority Myanmar, where the Rohingya are regarded as illegal migrants. Bangladesh was already home to 400,000 Rohingya before the latest crisis erupted on Aug. 25, when Rohingya insurgents attacked about 30 police posts and an army camp, killing a dozen people. The Myanmar security forces and Rakhine Buddhist vigilantes responded with what rights monitors and fleeing Rohingya say is a campaign of violence and arson aimed at driving out the Muslim population. Bangladesh has said all refugees must go home. Myanmar has said it will take back those who can verify their citizenship  but most Rohingya are stateless. Bangladeshi Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina was leaving on Saturday for the U.N. General Assembly where she would call for pressure to ensure Myanmar takes everyone back after stopping its  ethnic cleansing , her press secretary, Ihsanul Karim, told Reuters. The conflict has led to a humanitarian crisis on both sides of the border and raised questions about Myanmar s path under the leadership of Nobel laureate Aung San Suu Kyi after nearly 50 years of strict military rule.      The generals still control national security policy but nevertheless, Suu Kyi has been widely criticized abroad for not stopping or condemning the violence.  There is little sympathy for the Rohingya in a country where the end of military rule has unleashed old animosities and the military campaign in Rakhine State is widely supported. U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres and the U.N. Security Council have urged Myanmar to end the violence, which he said was best described as ethnic cleansing. Ethnic cleansing is not recognized as a separate crime under international law but allegations of it as part of wider, systematic human rights violations have been heard in international courts. Myanmar rejects the accusations, saying its security forces are carrying out clearance operations to defend against the insurgents of the Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army (ARSA), which claimed responsibility for the Aug. 25 attacks and similar, though smaller, attacks in October. The government has declared ARSA a terrorist organization and accused it of setting the fires and attacking civilians. The ARSA says it is fighting for the rights of Rohingya and has denied links to foreign Islamists. Myanmar s army chief, Senior General Min Aung Hlaing, said the violence - 93 clashes since Aug. 25 - was a bid by the insurgents to  build a stronghold , according to speech to officer trainees, posted on a military Facebook page. More than 430 people have been killed, most of them insurgents, and about 30,000 non-Muslim villagers have been displaced, Myanmar has said. Human Rights Watch said satellite imagery showed 62 Rohingya villages had been torched. The United States has called for the protection of civilians and a deputy assistant secretary of state, Patrick Murphy, is due in Myanmar next week. China, which also vies for influence in Myanmar, joined a U.N. Security Council call for an end to the violence while its ambassador in Myanmar expressed his support for the government s action, Myanmar media reported. Separately, the Committee to Protect Journalists has called on Bangladesh to release two Myanmar journalists detained last week while covering the refugee crisis. A police official told Reuters the two were found to be working on tourist visas and police were investigating. (For a graphic on 'Rohingya refugee crisis' click tmsnrt.rs/2eS8B9B) ",1
19881,Iraqi forces capture area on Syria border from Islamic State: military,"BAGHDAD/BEIRUT (Reuters) - Iraqi armed forces on Saturday dislodged Islamic State from a natural gas-rich border area with Syria, according to the military.  Iranian-backed forces fighting with Syrian President Bashar al-Assad s army simultaneously announced the start of an offensive to reach the same border area from the opposite side. An Iraqi military statement said Akashat, a desert region located south of the Euphrates river, was captured in an offensive which had been announced earlier in the day.  The attack on Akashat is meant to pave the way for the recapture of urban centers in the Euphrates valley, including the border post of al-Qaim, it said. Iranian-backed Shi ite paramilitary forces known as Popular Mobilization and Sunni tribal fighters known as Tribal Mobilization took part in the offensive, it added. The Iraqi air force dropped thousands of leaflets overnight on Akashat as well as on al-Qaim and the towns of Ana and Rawa, alongside the Euphrates, telling the militants to surrender or face death, the statement said.    Two different campaigns are also advancing on Islamic State positions on the Syrian side of the border there - Syrian government forces supported by Russian air strikes and Iran-backed militias, and a U.S.-backed alliance of Kurdish and Arab fighters known as Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF). An alliance of Shi ite militias fighting with the Syrian army said it launched an assault to reach al-Bukamal, the Syrian border town on the Euphrates, facing al-Qaim. Securing al-Bukamal is important for Iran s allies as the two other main crossings into Syria, to the north and to the south, are under the control of forces allied with the U.S. Securing a land corridor across Iraq could make it easier for Iran to ferry heavy weapons to Syria should Baghdad approve such transfers. The Shi ite-led Iraqi government in Baghdad has good relations with both Tehran and Washington.     The Russian- and U.S.-backed campaigns against Islamic State in Syria have mostly stayed out of each other s way as the sides seek to avoid conflict, with the Euphrates often acting as a dividing line between them.  But a senior Assad aide this week said the Syrian government was ready to fight the U.S.-backed SDF to recapture the entire country. The cross-border  caliphate  declared by Islamic State in 2014 in effect collapsed in July, when a U.S.-backed Iraqi offensive captured Mosul, the militants  capital in Iraq. The towns in the border region with Syria and Hawija, a northern province close to the oil-rich city of Kirkuk, are the only urban centers still under Islamic State control in Iraq. The group overran about a third of Iraq in 2014 in a sweeping offensive that allowed the militants to grab hundreds of millions of dollars worth of weaponry and vehicles left by the fleeing Iraqi forces. ",1
19882,UK threat level remains at critical: minister,"LONDON (Reuters) - The threat level facing Britain remains at critical, interior minister Amber Rudd said on Saturday, as she praised the police for making a  very significant  arrest following a London train bombing which injured 30 people a day earlier.  Police arrested an 18-year-old man earlier on Saturday following the attack in west London.   The threat level remains at critical and there will be further investigations and part of the operation later today,  Rudd told reporters.    This is a very significant arrest. The police have made very good progress.  She added that it was too soon to know whether the culprits behind the attack were known to the authorities. ",1
19883,"UK police evacuate, search properties in London train bomb investigation","LONDON (Reuters) - British police said they have evacuated and are searching a residential address in Surrey, southern England, after arresting an 18-year-old man in connection with a London train bombing that injured 30 on Friday. The police said in a statement that residents in the buildings surrounding the address were also being evacuated as a precautionary measure.  Cordons are being put in place at a 100 meter radius to facilitate the Metropolitan Police Service s operation, which is being supported by colleagues from Surrey Police,  they said. ",1
19884,Police arrest seven youths after deadly Malaysia school blaze,"KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - Police in Malaysia have arrested seven youths in connection with a fire at an Islamic boarding school in Kuala Lumpur that killed at least 23 people, mostly teenagers. The seven, aged 11 to 18, were brought to court and remanded for seven days, Kuala Lumpur police chief Amar Singh told reporters at a news conference on Saturday.  I can assure you now that the case is solved with the arrest of the seven of them,  Singh said. It was the most deadly incident of its kind in Malaysia in two decades, and has outraged the public, some of whom have called for greater safety and tougher regulation at such religious schools. The arrested include students from the surrounding neighborhood, and some have tested positive for consuming marijuana. The police are treating the case as one of murder and mischief by fire. The blaze erupted early on Thursday in a top-floor dormitory at the three-storey boarding school where most of the students were sleeping in bunk beds, with many of the windows covered by metal grilles. Asked if the suspects had planned to kill the victims, Singh said:  Intention was to burn, but it could be because of their age or because of their maturity levels, perhaps they may not have known that it would cause deaths.  Two gas cylinders were brought up from the kitchen to the second floor, he said. ",1
19885,Egypt court sentences Mursi to 25 years in Qatar spy case,"CAIRO (Reuters) - An Egyptian court on Saturday sentenced ousted president Mohammed Mursi of the Muslim Brotherhood to 25 years in prison in a final ruling over a case accusing him of spying for Qatar, judicial sources said. Mursi, democratically elected after Egypt s 2011 revolution, was overthrown in mid-2013 by then-general Abdel Fattah al-Sisi, now the president, following mass protests against his rule. He was immediately arrested. Egypt s Court of Cassation reduced Mursi s sentence in the Qatar case to 25 years in its final ruling, from an original 40 years.  Mursi is already serving a 20-year sentence after being convicted for the killing of protesters during demonstrations in 2012. Since toppling Mursi, Sisi has clamped down on dissent. Mass trials have been held for thousands of Muslim Brotherhood supporters, and hundreds have received death sentences or lengthy prison terms. In 2014, Egypt charged Mursi and nine others with endangering national security by leaking state secrets and sensitive documents to Qatar. Egypt s relations with Doha were already troubled by Qatar s backing of Mursi. Egypt is one of four Arab nations in a Saudi-led bloc that cut relations with the Gulf state on June 5, accusing it of backing militant groups and cooperating with their arch-foe Iran, allegations Doha denies. ",1
19886,"Zimbabwe opposition chief Tsvangirai suddenly ill, airlifted to hospital: source","HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai suffered severe vomiting after a party meeting and was airlifted to a Johannesburg hospital, a senior party source said on Saturday. Tsvangirai - who is due to challenge President Robert Mugabe in elections next year - was stable, the source said, dismissing reports in the media that he was dangerously sick.     The 65-year-old s symptoms came on suddenly at a meeting of his opposition coalition, the Movement for Democratic Change (MDC), on Thursday evening in Kadoma, a city around 160 km (100 miles) southwest of the capital Harare, the source said.  Two other Zimbabwean political sources confirmed the details of his sudden illness and airlift on Friday to South Africa. But the MDC said in an official statement that Tsvangirai was in South Africa for a routine medical procedure.  Morgan Tsvangirai ... is in a very stable condition contrary to morbid media reports that he is critical and is battling for his life,  the MDC statement said. The announcement came a month after Vice President Emmerson Mnangagwa, seen as a favorite to succeed 93-year-old Mugabe, was rushed to South Africa for emergency medical care. Mnangagwa, who has since returned, dismissed local media speculation that he had been poisoned. Tsvangirai said last year that he was being treated for colon cancer. The party source said on Saturday the sudden illness was not related to that condition. ",1
19887,"Iceland president accepts request for early vote, Nov. 4 possible date: PM","REYKJAVIK (Reuters) - Iceland s prime minister said on Saturday the president had accepted his request for a snap parliamentary election, and Nov. 4 had been discussed as a possible date. Prime Minister Bjarni Benediktsson called on Friday for the snap vote after one party in the ruling coalition quit.  ",1
19888,Merkel vows to restrict trade with Turkey over arrests,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany will have no choice but to restrict its economic ties with Turkey to pressure its NATO partner into releasing German citizens it imprisoned on political grounds, Chancellor Angela Merkel said in remarks published on Saturday. Relations between the two countries are strained by Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan s crackdown on opponents after a failed coup last year. Germany and its partners in the European Union say the crackdown undermines democracy. Turkey and Germany are also at odds over Berlin s refusal to extradite asylum seekers Erdogan accuses of involvement in the botched coup against him.  We will have to further cut back our joint economic cooperation with Turkey and scrutinize projects,  Merkel told the Passauer Neuen Presse newspaper in an interview when asked how she wants to secure the release of Germans held in Turkey. The simmering tensions have seeped into campaigning for a federal election in Germany, especially after Erdogan urged German Turks to boycott the main parties in the vote on Sept. 24. Home to some 3 million people of Turkish descent, Germany has traditionally had good relations with Turkey, which is also a major trade partner and tourist destination for German sun-seekers. German officials have been enraged by Turkey s arrest of around a dozen German citizens, including the German-Turkish journalist Deniz Yucel, who has been held for more than 200 days. Merkel, whose conservatives are expected to win the election and secure her a fourth term in office, said on Tuesday Germany would restrict some arms sales to Turkey. Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel of the center-left Social Democrats (SPD) who are trailing the conservatives in opinion polls, had earlier said that all major arms exports to Turkey had been put on hold. Merkel said during a televised debate earlier this month that Turkey should not become a member of the European Union - Turkey s largest trading partner with which it has a customs union. She said she would talk to Germany s EU partners to reach a compromise on ending Turkey s accession talks with the bloc.       ",1
19889,UK's Boris Johnson reignites leadership speculation with Brexit plans,"LONDON (Reuters) - British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson set out his plans for a  glorious  Brexit on Saturday that angered colleagues and reignited speculation he would challenge Prime Minister Theresa May for the leadership of the Conservative party.  With May due to set out her vision for Brexit in a speech in the Italian city of Florence on Friday, Johnson published a 4,300-word newspaper article that roamed well beyond his ministerial brief and, in some cases, went beyond the approach set out by the government.  Britain, he said, would not pay to access European markets in the future. Once out of the European Union, the country should borrow to invest in infrastructure, reform the tax code and set immigration levels as it sees fit.  A prominent Brexit campaigner in last year s referendum, Johnson also repeated the controversial claim that the government would be 350 million pounds ($476 million) better off per week once outside the EU.   My friends, I must report that there are at least some people who are woefully underestimating this country,  Johnson wrote in the Daily Telegraph.  They think Brexit isn t going to happen.   I am here to tell you that this country will succeed in our new national enterprise, and will succeed mightily.   We have a glorious future.  With some colleagues angered by the timing - Johnson s article was published a day after a bomb injured 30 people on a train - he later added on Twitter:  Looking forward to PM s Florence Speech. All behind Theresa for a glorious Brexit . A favorite with grassroots members of the Conservative Party, Johnson had been expected to challenge for the leadership after May gambled away her parliamentary majority in a June election she did not need to call.  Instead, he publicly pledged his loyalty. But the Times newspaper reported earlier this week that Johnson believed he had since been sidelined as May prepares to compromise over a divorce bill with the EU to ease the negotiations.   We would not expect to pay for access to their markets any more than they would expect to pay for access to ours,  he wrote. The article made no reference to a transition period the government is expected to negotiate.  And yes   once we have settled our accounts, we will take back control of roughly 350 million pounds per week,  he said.  It would be a fine thing, as many of us have pointed out, if a lot of that money went on the NHS (health service).   During the campaign, Johnson traveled around Britain on a bus emblazoned with a slogan suggesting that Britain was sending 350 million pounds a week to the EU - a figure rejected as inaccurate by experts - and that the money would be better spent on the NHS.  Saturday s article also included Johnson s belief that Britain needed to leave the EU because  so many young people with the 12 stars lipsticked on their face  were beginning to have split allegiances between Europe and their own country. Opposition Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn said Saturday s comments also laid bare the conflicts within May s government and cut the ground from beneath the prime minister s authority. But a source within Downing Street said Johnson s views were well known.  As you ll see in the PM s speech next week the government is united in our determination to make the most of the opportunities for a successful future outside the EU.  Colleagues criticized the timing of the article, which came around two hours after May put Britain on the highest threat level of critical, meaning an attack may be imminent.   On the day of a terror attack where Britons were maimed, just hours after the threat level is raised, our only thoughts should be on service,  said Ruth Davidson, the popular leader of the Conservatives in Scotland.  Will Tanner, a former adviser to May, said the timing was astonishing, self-serving and disloyal.  The real PM *just* raised threat level. Meanwhile guy who wants to replace her issues a prelude to resignation, to save face over 350 million pounds. Hmm.  ",1
19890,Catalonia asks Spain for dialogue as independence struggle intensifies,"MADRID (Reuters) - Catalonian leaders on Friday appealed to the Spanish government for dialogue to avert an impending political crisis over a planned referendum on independence as Madrid took measures to stop state cash being used to fund the vote. Police also intervened to stop a meeting organized by a pro-independence Catalan party, the first public police crackdown on the process. The government of the wealthy northeastern region has pledged to hold a referendum on breaking away from Spain on Oct. 1 in defiance of Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy, who has declared the event illegal and is bringing the weight of the state to bear to prevent it.     In a letter released on Friday, regional president Carles Puigdemont and Barcelona mayor Ada Colau wrote to Rajoy and Spain s King Felipe saying the state had mounted  an unprecedented repression offensive .     The letter called for  political dialogue, based on the legitimacy we all have, to make possible something that in a democracy is never a problem and even less a crime: listening to the voice of the people . The government said it had not received the letter.  To talk about dialogue when the only thing the Catalan government has wanted for months, years, is a referendum come what may, seems like a threat,  government spokesman Inigo Mendez de Vigo told a news conference. Shortly after Puigdemont and Colau s appeal, the Budget Ministry said the uncertainty created by the stand-off could damage the economy and push up sovereign borrowing costs. Some investors sold Spanish government bonds and switched to Italian debt earlier this week. Also on Friday, the government passed measures to gain more control over how the regional administration spends its money in a bid to stop it from using state cash to pay for the ballot. Budget Minister Cristobal Montoro said the Catalan authorities could not be trusted to spend the money on public services rather than the planned vote.  The central government made arrangements to take over the funding of most essential public services if Puigdemont failed to guarantee, within 48 hours of the measures coming into force, that public cash was not being used to fund the referendum.  In Vitoria-Gasteiz in northern Spain, police interrupted a meeting held by the small pro-Catalan independence CUP party. The CUP meeting in a civic building in the capital of the Basque Country, which also has a separatist movement, finished early after police arrived. Participants waved ballot papers and flags as they left.  The planned referendum would be the culmination of many years of campaigning by the independence movement.   Most of Catalonia s 5.5 million voters want to have a say on the region s relationship with Spain but the independence cause has lost support in recent years and surveys now indicate less than half the population would choose full self-rule. The referendum would pose the question  Do you want Catalonia to be an independent republic?  to all Spanish citizens living in Catalonia. Leaders have said the assembly would declare independence within 48 hours of a  yes  vote. Puigdemont has said no minimum turnout will be required to make the result binding. Rajoy, who is due to attend an event for his ruling People s Party (PP) in Barcelona, Spain s second-biggest city, later on Friday, has said the government would come down with all the force of the law to ensure no referendum goes ahead. Two new laws passed by the Catalan assembly paving the way for the vote have been suspended while state judges consider whether holding it would breach Spain s constitution, which says  the country is indivisible. King Felipe was widely quoted as praising Spain s democracy and social harmony at an awards ceremony on Wednesday, saying  the constitution will prevail over any rupture in that . Mayor Colau gave a boost to the referendum campaign on Thursday with a message that the vote would go ahead in Barcelona, without civil servants involved risking their jobs.  Courts have already suspended from office and leveled millions of euros in fines at Catalan politicians who organized a non-binding referendum in 2014, which returned a  yes  vote on a low turnout. ",1
19891,Police in Catalonia hunt for hidden ballot boxes in bid to foil referendum,"MADRID (Reuters) - Armed police in Spain have raided several print works and newspaper offices in Catalonia in recent days in a hunt for voting papers, ballot boxes and leaflets to be used in an Oct. 1 independence referendum which Madrid vehemently opposes. The searches are part of a concerted effort by the government to prevent the ballot from going ahead, amid fears that a vote to break away could trigger a political crisis even if Spain does not recognize the outcome. On Friday, the government passed measures to tighten control over the region s spending to stop it using state cash to pay for the ballot, and earlier this week Madrid summoned over 700 Catalan mayors for questioning over their support for the vote.  They ve lost the plot,  said Albert Batet, mayor of the town of Valls and one of those summoned for questioning.  They are persecuting mayors, the press, printers. They are stretching the limits of democracy.  Catalonia s president Carles Puigdemont, who faces criminal charges for organizing the referendum, says he has over 6,000 ballot boxes ready to deploy next month, but their whereabouts are a secret.  Right now, we have no idea where they are,  said Toni Castejon, spokesman for the Catalan police force union. A spokesman for the Catalan regional government declined to say where the ballot boxes were or how the government was going to get them out of hiding to voting stations on Oct. 1. On Friday, police confiscated 100,000 campaign leaflets in a raid in Catalonia, the Interior Ministry said, without saying where. Catalonia s top court issued a warning on Friday to seven newspapers, many of them online, not to publish campaign notices for the referendum, a court spokesman said on Saturday. At the offices of Catalan newspaper El Vallenc in Valls, some 50 km west of Barcelona, six armed police knocked on the door last Saturday with a warrant to search the offices, said its editor, Francesc Fabregas. The search lasted five-and-a-half hours.  They didn t say what they were looking for,  Fabregas told Reuters, adding that he had not printed any voting papers. The raid led to an impromptu crowd gathering outside the building, with people singing the Catalan anthem and waving slips of paper chanting  Where are the ballot papers? .  When people saw that the streets had been cut off they started coming over with banners, they handed out roses to the police - the street turned into a party,  said Fabregas. For some supporters of the independence movement, the search for the ballot boxes and voting papers has become a symbol of what they see as state repression. Images of the Catalan police force - the Mossos d Esquadra - seizing what for many are symbols of democracy would be highly inflammatory, police say. The Mossos report to the Catalan regional government and are highly regarded by Catalans, particularly after their handling of the Islamist militant attacks in the region in August that killed 16. But Spanish state prosecutors have ordered all police - including the Catalan force - to act.  What no one wants is the image of the Mossos taking away the ballot boxes,  said Castejon of the police union.  That would lead to a lot of anger and even civil unrest.  Madrid has the constitutional power to take over a regional government or send in the police to force Catalonia to drop the vote, but either step would rock Spain s decentralized model of government where power is devolved to 17 self-governed regions. Although polls show less than half of Catalonia s 5.5 million voters want self-rule, most in the wealthy northeastern region want the chance to vote on the issue, causing unease that is beginning to be felt in financial markets. The Budget Ministry said that uncertainty created by the stand-off could damage the economy and push up sovereign borrowing costs. Some investors sold Spanish government bonds and switched to Italian debt earlier this week. Puigdemont and Barcelona mayor Ada Colau on Friday appealed to the Spanish government for dialogue to avert a crisis. But Puigdemont has shown no signs of backing down.  Does anyone think we re not going to vote? What kind of people do they take us for?  he said to cheering crowds from a stage in a bull-ring in Tarragona to launch the referendum campaign on Thursday. ",1
19892,Trump pledges 'close collaboration' with UK after attack: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Friday told British Prime Minster Theresa May the United States would continue to help the United Kingdom thwart attacks, the White House said in a statement after a blast on a London commuter train earlier in the day. In a telephone call with May, Trump expressed support for those injured and  pledged to continue close collaboration with the United Kingdom to stop attacks worldwide targeting innocent civilians and to combat extremism,  the White House said. ",1
19893,British police arrest 18-year-old in hunt for London train bomber,"LONDON (Reuters) - British police hunting those behind a bomb which injured 29 people on a London train on Friday said they had arrested an 18-year-old man in a move described as significant.   We have made a significant arrest in our investigation this morning,  Neil Basu, Senior National Co-ordinator for Counter Terrorism Policing, said in a statement.  Although we are pleased with the progress made, this investigation continues and the threat level remains at critical.  The man was arrested under the Terrorism Act in the southern port area of Dover.  ",1
19894,North Korea says seeking military 'equilibrium' with U.S.,"SEOUL/UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - North Korea said on Saturday it aims to reach an  equilibrium  of military force with the United States, which earlier signaled its patience for diplomacy is wearing thin after Pyongyang fired a missile over Japan for the second time in under a month.  Our final goal is to establish the equilibrium of real force with the U.S. and make the U.S. rulers dare not talk about military option,  North Korean leader Kim Jong Un was quoted as saying by the state news agency, KCNA. Kim was shown beaming as he watched the missile fly from a moving launcher in photos released by the agency, surrounded by several officials.  The combat efficiency and reliability of Hwasong-12 were thoroughly verified,  said Kim as quoted by KCNA. Kim added the North s goal of completing its nuclear force had  nearly reached the terminal . North Korea has launched dozens of missiles under Kim s leadership as it accelerates a weapons program designed to give it the ability to target the United States with a powerful, nuclear-tipped missile.     After the latest missile launch on Friday, White House National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster said the United States was fast running out of patience with North Korea s missile and nuclear programs.  We ve been kicking the can down the road, and we re out of road,  McMaster told reporters, referring to Pyongyang s repeated missile tests in defiance of international pressure.  For those ... who have been commenting on a lack of a military option, there is a military option,  he said, adding that it would not be the Trump administration s preferred choice. Also on Friday, the U.N. Security Council condemned the  highly provocative  missile launch by North Korea. It had already stepped up sanctions against North Korea in response to a nuclear bomb test on Sept. 3, imposing a ban on North Korea s textile exports and capping its imports of crude oil. The U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, Nikki Haley, echoed McMaster s strong rhetoric, even as she said Washington s preferred resolution to the crisis is through diplomacy and sanctions.  What we are seeing is, they are continuing to be provocative, they are continuing to be reckless and at that point there s not a whole lot the Security Council is going to be able to do from here, when you ve cut 90 percent of the trade and 30 percent of the oil,  Haley said. U.S. President Donald Trump said that he is  more confident than ever that our options in addressing this threat are both effective and overwhelming.  He said at Joint Base Andrews near Washington that North Korea  has once again shown its utter contempt for its neighbors and for the entire world community.  North Korea s latest test missile flew over Hokkaido in northern Japan on Friday and landed in the Pacific about 2,000 km (1,240 miles) to the east, the Japanese government said. It traveled about 3,700 km (2,300 miles) in total, according to South Korea s military, far enough to reach the U.S. Pacific territory of Guam, which the North has threatened before.  The range of this test was significant since North Korea demonstrated that it could reach Guam with this missile,  the Union of Concerned Scientists advocacy group said in a statement. However, the accuracy of the missile, still at an early stage of development, was low, it said. On Thursday, U.S. Secretary of State Tillerson called on China, Pyongyang s only ally, and Russia to apply more pressure on North Korea by  taking direct actions of their own.  Beijing has pushed back, urging Washington to do more to rein in North Korea.  Honestly, I think the United States should be doing .. much more than now, so that there s real effective international cooperation on this issue,  China s ambassador to the United States, Cui Tiankai, said on Friday.  They should refrain from issuing more threats. They should do more to find effective ways to resume dialogue and negotiation,  he said, while adding that China would never accept North Korea as a nuclear weapons state. North Korea staged its sixth and most powerful nuclear bomb test earlier this month and in July tested long-range intercontinental ballistic missiles capable of reaching at least parts of the U.S. mainland. Last month, North Korea fired an intermediate range missile that also flew over Hokkaido into the ocean. Warning announcements about the latest missile blared in parts of northern Japan, while many residents received alerts on their mobile phones or saw warnings on TV telling them to seek refuge. The U.S. military said it had detected a single intermediate range ballistic missile but it did not pose a threat to North America or Guam. Global equities investors largely shrugged off the latest missile test by North Korea as shares on Wall Street set new highs on Friday. Trump has promised not to allow North Korea to threaten the United States with a nuclear-tipped missile. Russia s U.N. ambassador, Vassily Nebenzia, said the United States needed to begin talks with North Korea, something that Washington has so far ruled out.  We called on our U.S. partners and others to implement political and diplomatic solutions that are provided for in the resolution,  Nebenzia told reporters after the Security Council meeting.  Without implementing this, we also will consider it as a non-compliance with the resolution.  Asked about the prospect for direct talks, a White House spokesman said,  As the president and his national security team have repeatedly said, now is not the time to talk to North Korea.  South Korean President Moon Jae-in also said dialogue with the North was impossible at this point. He ordered officials to analyze and prepare for possible new North Korean threats, including electromagnetic pulse and biochemical attacks. The United States and South Korea are technically still at war with North Korea because the 1950-53 Korean conflict ended with a truce and not a peace treaty. The North accuses the United States, which has 28,500 troops in South Korea, of planning to invade and regularly threatens to destroy it and its Asian allies. (For graphic on North Korea's missile and nuclear tests, click tmsnrt.rs/2f3Y8rQ) ",1
19895,China's Washington envoy says U.S. should stop threats over North Korea,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - China s ambassador to Washington on Friday called on the United States to refrain from making threats over North Korea, which a day earlier launched another missile over Japan into the Pacific Ocean. Ambassador Cui Tiankai told reporters at an embassy event:  Honestly, I think the United States should be doing ... much more than now, so that there s real effective international cooperation on this issue.   They should refrain from issuing more threats. They should do more to find effective ways to resume dialogue and negotiation,  he said. President Donald Trump and others in the United States and beyond have urged China to increase diplomatic and economic pressure on its Communist ally to help resolve the standoff over North Korea s weapons programmes. China fought alongside North Korea during the 1950-53 Korean War, in which Chinese leader Mao Zedong lost his eldest son, and Beijing has long been Pyongyang s chief ally and primary trade partner. But the Chinese government has pushed back against the notion that it has any control over Pyongyang, and says it is the United States that should be doing more. Trump tweeted earlier this month that the United States was considering halting trade with countries doing business with North Korea. Cui on Friday cautioned against putting China-U.S. trade on the table.  Efforts to undermine Sino-U.S. trade, or even slapping sanctions on China, I think would be off-target,  the Chinese state news agency Xinhua quoted Cui as saying on Friday at a Chinese National Day reception.  If someone were to pressure China or impose sanctions on China over the DPRK, it would not be supported by many U.S. citizens,  Cui said, referring to North Korea by the acronym for its official name, Democratic People s Republic of Korea.  Workers at U.S. airplane factories, farmers growing soybeans, companies that sell smartphones to China, manufacturers that enjoy large market shares in China, companies in the service sector that have gained trade surplus in China, U.S. states that engage in robust trade with China would all stand against it,  Xinhua quoted him as saying.  ",1
19896,Pakistan army pushed political role for militant-linked groups,"LAHORE, Pakistan (Reuters) - A new Pakistani political party controlled by an Islamist with a $10 million U.S. bounty on his head is backing a candidate in a by-election on Sunday, in what a former senior army officer says is a key step in a military-proposed plan to mainstream militant groups. The Milli Muslim League party loyal to Hafiz Saeed - who the United States and India accuse of masterminding the 2008 Mumbai attacks that killed 166 people - has little chance of seeing its favored candidate win the seat vacated when Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif was removed from office by the Supreme Court in July. But the foray into politics by Saeed s Islamist charity is following a blueprint that Sharif himself rejected when the military proposed it last year, retired Lieutenant General Amjad Shuaib told Reuters. Three close Sharif confidants with knowledge of the discussions confirmed that Sharif had opposed the  mainstreaming  plan, which senior military figures and some analysts see as a way of steering ultra-religious groups away from violent jihad.  We have to separate those elements who are peaceful from the elements who are picking up weapons,  Shuaib said. Pakistan s powerful military has long been accused of fostering militant groups as proxy fighters opposing neighboring arch-enemy India, a charge the army denies. Saeed s religious charity launched the Milli Muslim League party within two weeks after the court ousted Sharif over corruption allegations.  Yaqoob Sheikh, the Lahore candidate for Milli Muslim League, is standing as an independent after the Electoral Commission said the party was not yet legally registered.  But Saeed s lieutenants, JUD workers and Milli Muslim League officials are running his campaign and portraits of Saeed adorn every poster promoting Sheikh. Another Islamist designated a terrorist by the United States, Fazlur Rehman Khalil, has told Reuters he too plans to soon form his own party to advocate strict Islamic law.  God willing, we will come into the mainstream - our country right now needs patriotic people,  Khalil said, vowing to turn Pakistan into a state government by strict Islamic law. Saeed s charity and Khalil s Ansar ul-Umma organization are both seen by the United States as fronts for militant groups the army has been accused of sponsoring. The military denies any policy of encouraging radical groups. Both Islamist groups deny their political ambitions were engineered by the military. The official army spokesman was not available for comment after queries were sent to the press wing. Still, hundreds of MML supporters, waving posters of Saeed and demanding his release from house arrest, chanted  Long live Hafiz Saeed! Long live the Pakistan army!  at political rallies during the past week.  Anyone who is India s friend is a traitor, a traitor,  went another campaign slogan, a reference to Sharif s attempts to improve relations with long-time foe India that was a source of tension with the military. Both Saeed and Khalil are proponents of a strict interpretation of Islam and have a history of supporting violence - each man was reportedly a signatory to al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden s 1998 fatwa declaring war on the United States. They have since established religious groups that they say are unconnected to violence, though the United States maintains those groups are fronts for funnelling money and fighters to militants targeting India. Analyst Khaled Ahmed, who has researched Saeed s Jamaat-ud-Dawa charity and its connections to the military, says the new political party is clearly an attempt by the generals to pursue an alternative to dismantling its militant proxies.  One thing is the army wants these guys to survive,  Ahmed said.  The other thing is that they want to also balance the politicians who are more and more inclined to normalize relations with India.   The military s Inter-Services Intelligence agency first began pushing the political mainstreaming plan in April 2016, according to retired general Shuaib, a former director of the army s military intelligence wing that is separate from the ISI. He said the proposal was shared with him in writing by the then-ISI chief, adding that he himself had spoken with Khalil as well as Saeed in an unofficial capacity about the plan.  Fazlur Rehman Khalil was very positive. Hafiz Saeed was very positive,  Shuaib said.  My conversation with them was just to confirm those things which I had been told by the ISI and other people.  Saeed has been under house arrest since January at his house in the eastern city of Lahore. The United States has offered a $10 million reward for information leading to his conviction over the Mumbai attacks. Then-Prime Minister Sharif, however, was strongly against the military s mainstreaming plan, according to Shuaib and three members of Sharif s inner circle, including one who was in some of the tense meetings over the issue. Sharif wanted to completely dismantle groups like JuD. Disagreement on what to do about anti-India proxy fighters was a major source of rancour with the military, according to one of the close Sharif confidants.  In recent weeks several senior figures from the ruling PML-N party have publicly implied that elements of the military - which has run Pakistan for almost half its modern history and previously ousted Sharif in a 1999 coup - had a hand in the court ouster of Sharif, a charge both the army and the court reject. A representative of the PML-N, which last month replaced him as prime minister with close ally Shahid Khaqi Abbasi, said the party was  not aware  of any mainstreaming plan being brought to the table. Some analysts worry that mainstreaming such controversial groups would be a risky strategy for Pakistan.  U.S. President Donald Trump s administration has threatened sanctions against members of Pakistan s military and even raised the specter of declaring Pakistan a state sponsor of terrorism.  It will send a wrong message,  said analyst Zahid Hussain, who nevertheless thought that Saeed s new party would have a  negligible  effect on Pakistani elections because religious parties have never won more than a few seats in parliament. Others are not so sure. Sheikh, the MML candidate in Sunday s by-election who says he was handpicked by Hafiz Saeed, vowed to establish strict Islamic rule and  break  liberalism and secularism. Analyst Ahmed warned that few existing religious parties  have a charismatic leader like Saeed, and Pakistan may find itself unable to control a rising tide of Islamist sentiment.   If Hafiz Saeed comes into the mainstream, it s not that he is going to be politicized,  he added.  It s that he is going to make politics more religious.  ",1
19897,Body of Mexican teenager who vanished after Cabify ride found,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexican authorities said on Friday they had found the body of young woman who went missing after using ride-hailing service Cabify, and had arrested the driver on suspicion of her murder. State prosecutors in the central state of Puebla said the body of Mara Fernanda Castilla, 19, was found near a motel in the state capital, which is also called Puebla. In a statement, prosecutors said they believe the driver, identified only as Ricardo N., killed her at the motel after she had hailed a car with the service a week ago, and that they would be charging the man for Castilla s murder. State governor Tony Gali said on Twitter the suspect had been detained. A spokeswoman for Cabify, a Madrid-based company that competes with Uber for ride-hailing business, declined to comment on the case. In a statement, Cabify expressed its condolences about Castilla s death. There have been few reports of violent crimes involving ride-hailing services in Mexico. Last year authorities arrested a driver for Uber on suspicion of raping a passenger. ",1
19898,Mexico-U.S. trade would survive any NAFTA rupture: Mexico foreign minister,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Trade between the United States and Mexico would not end if the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) was terminated, Mexico s foreign minister said on Friday, after a new U.S. plan emerged to build a five-year sunset provision into the treaty.     In the shadow of repeated threats to scrap the deal by U.S. President Donald Trump and his officials, Mexico, Canada and the United States have set an ambitious goal to renegotiate the 23-year-old trade pact within the next few months. Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray said currently about half of Mexico s trade with the United States did not use NAFTA channels, and that if the deal were to end the tariffs it would face would average 3 percent - not enough to halt trading.  Mexico is much bigger than NAFTA,  Videgaray said in an interview with Reuters.  If the negotiation does not go well, it would not be the end of trade between Mexico and the United States...There would be no leap into the abyss,  he said, arguing that World Trade Organization tariffs would govern trade post-NAFTA. He also mentioned that Mexico could put higher tariffs on U.S. products, noting that apples from Arizona could face a 50 percent tariff to enter Mexico without NAFTA. Videgaray has said that Mexico would walk away from the talks if Trump followed through on a threat to trigger a 180-day countdown to scrap NAFTA as a negotiating tactic. The three countries are due to sit down for a third round of talks in Ottawa, Canada on Sept. 23.  U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross Thursday said the United States was seeking to add a five-year sunset provision to NAFTA to provide a regular,  systematic re-examination  of the pact. Ross argued it was needed because forecasts for U.S. export and job growth when NAFTA took effect in 1994 were  wildly optimistic  and failed to live up to expectations. Such a clause means NAFTA would automatically end after five years unless renewed. Videgaray said the idea of a sunset clause was unnecessary, since the pact s members can already trigger a renegotiation or leave it at any time, and noted that neither Mexico nor Canada had formally received such a proposal.  There is no strict need to have this exit mechanism since the treaty already has a much more flexible exit mechanism,  he said.  It seems redundant, or strange to add a date of every five years.  In an attempt to reduce its dependence on U.S. trade, Mexico has been doubling down on its open trade model, and is currently trying to secure more access to the European Union, Brazil, Israel, Singapore, Australia and New Zealand, among others. Despite the tensions over trade and repeated barbs by Trump, some aspects of the U.S.-Mexico relationship have been blossoming, including defense cooperation. On Friday, U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis visited Mexico to take part in Independence Day celebrations. Both Videgaray and Mattis said the two countries shared common concerns about issues that include drug trafficking in Mexico but also drug consumption in the United States that fuels the illicit industry. ",1
19899,Putin's proposed U.N. Ukraine peacekeepers must have full access: Merkel,"BERLIN(Reuters) - Any United Nations peacekeepers sent to eastern Ukraine must be granted access to the entirety of the region held by Moscow-backed separatists, German Chancellor Angela Merkel said. Russian President Vladimir Putin floated the idea of deploying U.N. troops to eastern Ukraine in a Monday call with Merkel, suggesting that the U.N. mission could protect observers from the international OSCE monitoring mission. With growing calls in Germany for the lifting of European Union sanctions against Russia over its activities in Ukraine, Moscow has been keen to float proposals that would help soften export bans that have hit Russians  living standards.   I find President Putin s proposal to send U.N. troops to protect OSCE observers interesting,  she told the FUNKE newspaper group on Friday.  A few days ago I discussed with him that the U.N. troops must have access to everywhere where the OSCE is stationed, so the entire Donetsk/Luhansk region.  The conflict between Ukrainian forces and Russian-backed separatists has claimed more than 10,000 lives since it erupted in 2014. Russia denies Western accusations it fomented the conflict and provided arms and fighters. The observers are there to monitor implementation of a peace deal agreed in Minsk in 2015, which has been largely unsuccessful in settling the conflict despite German and French urgings. Some German politicians have said sanctions should be lifted if the peace deal is implemented. Christian Lindner, leader of the Free Democrats, a likely coalition partner for Merkel after Sept. 24 elections, even suggested Germany must accept Russia s occupation of Ukraine s Crimean peninsula. Merkel said Putin s proposals were  tender shoots  of progress,  which give no cause for softening sanctions  so far. She rejected Lindner s proposal.  The annexation is against international law and must not be accepted,  she said. ",1
19900,Peru's Kuczynski eyes VP for prime minister after cabinet ousted: sources,"LIMA (Reuters) - Peru s center-right President Pedro Kuczynski is considering appointing Vice President Martin Vizcarra as his new prime minister in a new Cabinet he will swear in on Sunday to replace the one Congress ousted, two government sources said Friday. Kuczynski is also eyeing Claudia Cooper as his new finance minister, one of the sources said. A third source also confirmed Cooper, currently deputy economy minister, was being considered. The sources spoke on condition of anonymity because a final decision had not been made. Early on Friday, the opposition-ruled Congress voted 77-22 to dismiss Kuczynski s Cabinet in a motion of no-confidence, deepening a political standoff that could lead to new legislative elections if lawmakers reject the next cabinet. The crisis forced Kuczynski to cancel his trip to New York City, where he planned to dine with U.S. President Donald Trump and deliver a speech at the United Nations General Assembly. It also threatens to stifle a nascent economic recovery in the world s No.2 copper producer following a sharp slowdown early this year. Accusing the opposition of undermining his policies, especially on education, Kuczynski told Peruvians in a televised speech that he would keep working to better their lives.  That s the mandate I have until July 28, 2021 and I won t retreat one millimeter in that goal,  said Kuczynski, a former Wall Street banker who narrowly won last year s election. Kuczynski did not announce any cabinet appointments. While he cannot rename outgoing Prime Minister Fernando Zavala as prime minister, Kuczynski can reappoint other cabinet members. Zavala, who faced criticism that he was too much of a technocrat, has doubled as finance minister since Congress ousted the previous finance minister in June. Lawmakers with the opposition party Popular Force warned Kuczynski not to fill his cabinet with old faces. The rightwing populist party has a majority in Congress and is led by Kuczynski s defeated electoral rival, Keiko Fujimori, the eldest daughter of jailed former autocratic president Alberto Fujimori.        Appointing Vizcarra, a former governor of a mining region, could gratify lawmakers who have called for a cabinet with more political experience. But it might also anger Popular Force after the party pressured Vizcarra to resign as transportation minister over a proposed change to an airport contract. Cooper was also criticized by the opposition in the controversy. New legislative elections might provide an opening for anti-establishment parties with support for Kuczynski s government and Congress falling in opinion polls. Despite the sparring, Kuczynski and Fujimori both support free-market economic policies. Central Bank President Julio Velarde made a rare plea for politicians to refrain from fuelling tensions further.  I hope that doesn t happen. We re talking about adults, aren t we?  Velarde told reporters at an event Friday. ",1
19901,Defense for Brazil's Temer asks Supreme Court to send back new charges,"BRASILIA (Reuters) - Lawyers defending Brazilian President Michel Temer on Friday asked Supreme Court Justice Edson Fachin to send back to the prosecutor s general office the new graft charges that were presented against Temer on Thursday. Temer s defense said in the request that the new charges are irregular because they cite events that presumably happened before he became president. Under the Brazilian Constitution, a sitting president cannot be charged for possible crimes committed by him before he took office. Those charges would have to wait until he leaves to be taken to the courts. The corruption charges presented on Thursday were the second Temer could face. A first set of criminal charges saying that Temer took bribes from meatpacker JBS SA was blocked in August by his allies in the lower house of Congress, which has the power to decide whether a president should stand trial by the Supreme Court. Temer s lawyers said the second set of charges should return to the prosecutor s general office for reevaluation. They want the cases that happened before he took office to be scrapped from the charges.  It is not clear when Fachin would evaluate their request.  ",1
19902,U.S. judge will not dismiss accused Mexican drug lord El Chapo's indictment,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - A U.S. judge on Friday rejected an effort by Joaquin Guzman, the accused Mexican drug lord known as  El Chapo,  to dismiss a massive international narcotics conspiracy indictment on the ground he was extradited improperly to Brooklyn. While not challenging the merits of the case, Guzman s lawyers claimed that the indictment violated the extradition treaty between the United States and Mexico because Mexican authorities initially agreed to extradite their client only to southern California or western Texas. The lawyers questioned how Mexico could have suddenly consented to have U.S. authorities hurry Guzman to Brooklyn in New York City to face charges other than those for which his extradition had been sought, violating the so-called Rule of Specialty. But in a brief order, U.S. District Judge Brian Cogan said Guzman had no legal right to challenge the Brooklyn indictment because Mexico had not objected to it. Cogan also said the federal appeals court in Manhattan, whose jurisdiction includes the Brooklyn courthouse, upheld this principle in late July in an unrelated case.  Here, there is no protest or objection by Mexico, nor is there an express provision in the extradition treaty between the United States and Mexico,  Cogan wrote.  Therefore, defendant s motion to dismiss the indictment based on an alleged Rule of Specialty violation is denied.  Michelle Gelernt, a federal public defender representing Guzman, in an email said her office was  disappointed, but not surprised  with the order.  We still believe Mr. Guzman s rights under the treaty were violated, and given that other circuit courts give the defendant the right to object to violations of extradition treaties, hope that the Supreme Court will decide this issue favorably to Mr. Guzman,  she said. Prosecutors accused Guzman, 60, of running a global cocaine, heroin and methamphetamine smuggling operation as the leader of the Sinaloa Cartel, and playing a major role in a decade-long Mexican drug war where more than 100,000 people have died. Guzman faces life in prison if convicted. He is being held without bail. ",1
19903,Iraq's Kurdish parliament backs Sept 25 independence referendum,"ERBIL, Iraq (Reuters) - The parliament of Iraq s autonomous Kurdistan region approved a plan on Friday to hold a referendum on independence on Sept. 25, ignoring opposition from Baghdad and the wider region as well as Western concerns that the vote could spark fresh conflict. Parliament reconvened in Erbil, the seat of the Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) in northern Iraq, where an overwhelming majority of the Kurdish lawmakers taking part backed the plan. Hours after the decision, the White House publicly called for the first time on the KRG to cancel the referendum, warning that the vote was  distracting from efforts to defeat ISIS (Islamic State) and stabilize the liberated areas.   The United States does not support the Kudistan Regional Government s intention to hold a referendum later this month,  the White House said in a statement. It urged the KRG to  enter into serious and sustained dialogue with Baghdad, which the United States has repeatedly indicated it is prepared to facilitate.  The regional parliament s decision came despite an intense diplomatic drive by the United States, which has provided critical military aid to the KRG s fight against Islamic State, to persuade the Kurdish leadership to cancel the referendum. The parliament session was the first held since the legislature was suspended nearly two years ago, though only 68 of 111 lawmakers attended due to a boycott by the main opposition movement Gorran.  We ve been waiting more than 100 years for this,  Omed Khoshnaw, a lawmaker from the Kurdistan Democratic Party (KDR) of KRG President Massoud Barzani, told Reuters.  There is no other way to guarantee that genocide will never be repeated,  Khoshnaw told the assembly earlier, referring to the persecution of the Kurds and their expulsion from areas such as oil-rich Kirkuk under late Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein.   Some lawmakers wore Kurdish flags and rose to clap and sing the national anthem after the vote. The Baghdad parliament s decision earlier this week to oppose the referendum drew condemnation from deputies in Erbil.  We refuse to accept the Iraqi parliament s decision, which was unlawful,  Muna Qahwachi, a Turkman lawmaker, told Reuters. Qahwachi said she had voted in favor of the referendum because she said Turkmen were protected in Kurdistan, unlike in the rest of Iraq. Earlier, Barzani shrugged off requests from the United States and other Western powers to put off the referendum. They fear increased tensions between Baghdad and Erbil will distract from the war on Islamic State militants who still occupy parts of Iraq and Syria.  We still haven t heard a proposal that can be an alternative to the Kurdistan referendum,  Barzani told a rally in the Kurdish region, referring to a proposal put forward by the United States and other Western envoys this week. Iraq s neighbors Iran and Turkey also oppose the plebiscite, fearing an independent Kurdish state could fuel separatism among their own Kurdish populations. The opposition Gorran movement boycotted Friday s parliamentary session, the first since a dispute between them and Barzani s KDP caused the suspension of the assembly in October 2015.  Those assembled in parliament today think this is a lawful session, but this is unlawful,  Birzu Majeed, the head of Gorran s parliamentary block, told a news conference held while parliament was in session.  Lawmakers from a third party, the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan (PUK), ensured the required quorum. The PUK is a historic rival of the KDP but supports the referendum plan. Meanwhile, Iranian-backed Iraqi Shi ite paramilitary groups have threatened to dislodge the Kurdish forces from the Kirkuk region, which is due to take part in the referendum. Kirkuk is home to sizeable Arab and Turkmen populations and lies outside the official boundaries of the Kurdistan region. It is claimed by both the Kurds and the central government in Baghad. Kurdish peshmerga fighters seized Kirkuk and other disputed territories when the Iraqi army collapsed in the face of Islamic State in 2014, preventing its oilfields from falling into militant hands. ",1
19904,Florida governor vows aggressive probe of Irma nursing home deaths," (In Sept. 13 item, updates to correct spelling of the last name of Michael Beason from Benson, in 19th paragraph and throughout) By Andrew Innerarity and Ricardo Ortiz HOLLYWOOD, Fla./SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico (Reuters) - Florida Governor Rick Scott vowed on Wednesday that the state would aggressively investigate how six people died at a nursing home that lost power when Hurricane Irma rampaged through the region, as millions coped with another day without electricity. The death toll from the storm approached 80 as officials continued to assess the damage after Irma powered through the Caribbean as one of the most powerful Atlantic hurricanes on record and slammed into the Florida Keys archipelago with sustained winds of up to 130 miles per hour (215 km per hour). Irma killed at least 36 people in Florida, Georgia and South Carolina, according to officials. Some 4.2 million homes and businesses, or about 9 million people, were without power on Wednesday in Florida and nearby states. Police opened a criminal investigation at the Rehabilitation Center at Hollywood Hills in Hollywood, north of Miami, where three elderly residents were found dead at the facility and three later died at a nearby hospital, officials said.  I am going to work to aggressively demand answers on how this tragic event took place,  Scott said in a statement.  This situation is unfathomable. Every facility that is charged with caring for patients must take every action and precaution to keep their patients safe.  More than 100 patients at the nursing home were evacuated on Wednesday along with 18 patients from a nearby facility that was cleared due to the criminal investigation, Hollywood officials said.  Most of the patients have been treated for respiratory distress, dehydration and heat-related issues,  Randy Katz, a spokesman for Memorial Regional Hospital, told reporters. Memorial Regional is located across the street from the nursing home.  Police were first called to the facility at about 4:30 a.m. but did not arrive until after 6 a.m., officials said. The center had been without air conditioning, Broward County Mayor Barbara Sharief told reporters on Wednesday.  The building has been sealed off and we are conducting a criminal investigation inside,  Hollywood Police Chief Tomas Sanchez told reporters on Wednesday.  It was very hot on the second floor.  Florida Power & Light said it had provided power to some parts of the Hollywood nursing home but that the facility was not on a county top tier list for emergency power restoration. Irma caused about $25 billion in insured losses, including $18 billion in the United States and $7 billion in the Caribbean, catastrophe modeler Karen Clark & Co estimated on Wednesday. The Florida Keys were particularly hard hit, with federal officials saying that 25 percent of homes were destroyed and 65 percent suffered major damage when Irma barreled ashore on Sunday as a Category 4 hurricane. Most residents had left by then and police have barred re-entry to most of the Keys to allow more time to restore electricity and medical service and bring water, food and fuel.  I don t have a house. I don t have a job. I have nothing,  said Mercedes Lopez, 50, whose family fled north from the Keys town of Marathon on Friday and rode out the storm at an Orlando hotel, only to learn their home was destroyed, along with the gasoline station where Lopez worked. President Donald Trump is due to visit the region on Thursday. Irma wreaked total devastation in parts of the Caribbean, where at least 43 people have died. People who fled their homes in hard-hit islands including St. Martin and the U.S. Virgin Islands that were all but cut off from the world for days arrived in San Juan late Tuesday.  Michael Beason, 65, of St. John in the U.S. Virgin Islands, said he lost everything.   My house, my business, both my vehicles, everything is gone,  said Beason, who was stopping in San Juan before continuing to Boston to seek refuge with his wife s brother.   But we have life. We rode out that horrible storm in a shower that I had reinforced after Hurricane Marilyn,  Beason added.  I told the man (who installed the shower), I told him,  If the hurricane takes the rest of my house, I want this shower sticking up out of that slab like the last tooth in the mouth of a bum. And sure enough that s what s left.  Irma hit the United States about two weeks after Hurricane Harvey plowed into Houston, killing about 60 and causing some $180 billion in damage, mostly from flooding. ",1
19905,Factbox: Some 1.5 million still without power in U.S. Southeast after Irma,"(Reuters) - U.S. Southeast utilities said on Friday they restored power to over 80 percent of the 7.8 million homes and businesses knocked out by Hurricane Irma, leaving about 1.5 million of those customers still without electricity. Based on the number of individuals each customer represents, that, however, still leaves about 3.2 million people sweltering in the Florida and Georgia heat without air conditioning. Most of the remaining outages were in Florida Power & Light s service area in the southern and eastern parts of the state. FPL, the state s biggest electric company, said 960,000 customers had no power, down from more than 3.6 million on Monday. NextEra Energy Inc s FPL, which serves nearly 5 million homes and businesses, has said it expects to restore power to essentially all customers in the eastern portion of Florida by the end of the weekend and the harder-hit western part of the state by Sept. 22.  Outages at Duke Energy Corp, which serves the northern and central parts of Florida, fell below 300,000 from a peak of around 1.3 million on Monday. Duke said it expects to restore service to most of its customers by midnight Sept. 17. In coming days, temperatures are forecast to reach 90 degrees Fahrenheit (32 Celsius) in Miami, the high 80s F (low 30s C) in Jacksonville and the mid-80s F (around 30 C) in Atlanta, according to meteorologists at AccuWeather. Irma hit southwestern Florida on Sunday morning as a Category 4 hurricane, the second most severe on the five-step Saffir-Simpson scale. On Monday, when most customers were without power, the storm weakened to a tropical depression. In Georgia, utilities reported outages fell to about 61,000 from a peak of around 1.3 million on Monday. Other big power utilities in Florida are units of Emera Inc and Southern Co, which also operates the largest electric company in Georgia. The following lists major outages according to the utilities  websites:            Power Company                     State      Out Now         Served                       NextEra - FPL                      FL        960,000       4,904,000                       Duke - Florida                     FL        294,000       1,800,000                       Lee County Electric                FL         61,000        200,000                       Emera - Tampa Electric             FL         41,600        425,000                       Southern - Georgia Power           GA         31,500       2,482,000                       Georgia EMCs                       GA         30,100                                  Clay Electric                      FL         24,700        173,000                       JEA                                FL         20,900        455,000                       SECO                               FL         16,300        200,600                       Keys Energy Services               FL         13,900        29,000                       Florida Keys Electric              FL         12,200        33,000                       Glades Electric                    FL         11,400        16,000                       Withlacoochee River Electric       FL         8,200         217,000                       Orlando Utilities Commission       FL         7,400         234,700                       Suwanee Valley Electric            FL         4,800         25,600                       Peace River Electric               FL         3,000         40,000                       Gainesville Regional Utilities     FL         2,600         93,000                       Central Florida Electric           FL         2,300         35,600                       Duke - South Carolina            NC, SC       1,100         740,000                                                       Total Out   1,547,000                      ",1
19906,Guatemala Congress withdraws bill that cut anti-graft penalties,"GUATEMALA CITY (Reuters) - Guatemala s Congress on Friday repealed a controversial bill it had passed only two days earlier, which critics had blasted as a setback in the fight against political corruption. Prosecutors have accused President Jimmy Morales and the main political parties of illegal campaign financing, so opponents were outraged when Congress on Wednesday passed a  national emergency  decree to curb penalties for the offense. The legislation sought to make party accountants responsible for irregularities rather than party leaders. As public outcry mounted, Morales said on Thursday he was prepared to veto the legislation if it was against the nation s interest. Congress responded by announcing it would withdraw the bill.  A motion to repeal the bill passed on Friday afternoon with 130 votes in favor and none against in Guatemala s Congress, with 28 absentees. Earlier this week, the legislation had been approved by lawmakers with a vote of 105-19 in favor. Guatemalan lawmakers and anti-graft proponents have been locking horns in recent months.  U.N.-backed anti-graft body, the International Commission Against Impunity in Guatemala (CICIG), and Attorney General Thelma Aldana have accused Morales and political parties of using illicit financing in the 2015 election campaign and sought to impeach the president over the charge. However, Congress voted not to strip Morales of his immunity from prosecution earlier this month.  In August, Morales attempted to expel the head of the CICIG, veteran Colombian prosecutor Ivan Velasquez, from Guatemala. Instead the president was thwarted by the country s top court and came under a barrage of international criticism.  ",1
19907,Guatemala Congress says it will withdraw contested graft reforms,"GUATEMALA CITY (Reuters) - Guatemala s Congress announced on Thursday that it will withdraw controversial reforms that critics had described as a serious setback in the country s fight against political corruption. On Wednesday, Guatemala s Congress approved a  national emergency  decree to curb penalties for illegal election financing after President Jimmy Morales was linked to suspected irregularities during his 2015 election campaign. Morales, whose immunity from prosecution was reinforced by Congress earlier this week, had said he would veto the reforms if they were found to be harmful to the nation. After rowdy demonstrations in the capital on Thursday, Morales announced he had suspended an independence day parade that was to have taken place on Friday.  And as the public outcry mounted, leaders of the principal parties in Congress agreed to vote on Friday to cancel the measures, independent congressman Oliverio Garc a said.  There has been an objection from the general citizenship, organizations and institutions with respect to two decrees, and there is an agreement to not send those decrees to the executive (branch) and file them away definitively,  he told reporters.  The decrees would have been the latest blow to the attorney general s office and the United Nations-backed International Commission Against Impunity in Guatemala (CICIG) after Congress this week voted to preserve Morales  immunity from prosecution. Morales also urged Guatemalans on Thursday to remain calm and peaceful amid a charged atmosphere. The reforms were widely criticized in Guatemala, with opposition from the press and various government institutions and the human rights office. The U.S. ambassador to Guatemala, Todd Robinson, posted a scathing message on Twitter about the reforms, before Congress decided to withdraw them.  Years of malnutrition, insecurity, crime, corruption. Congress? No action. Amazing how fast they act to protect selves from prosecution,  he said.  Separately, Morales  presidential spokesman, Heinz Heimann, said the president would return a mysterious salary bonus that he had been receiving from the army and which raised his salary by more than a third, making him one of Latin America s best-paid leaders.  The president returned it out of good faith,  Heimann said of the payment, which is being probed by Guatemala s federal comptroller. On Monday, Morales will travel to New York and will head to the United Nations for the annual general assembly the following day. ",1
19908,Czech foreign minister lightly injured in car accident: ministry,"PRAGUE (Reuters) - Czech Foreign Minister Lubomir Zaoralek suffered a light head injury when his chauffeur-driven car was involved in a traffic accident, a spokeswoman from the Foreign Ministry said on Friday. Zaoralek, who leads his Social Democratic Party to a parliamentary election due next month, was treated at a hospital and later released for home treatment, she said.  He suffered an injury to his head, but his state is good,  Irena Valentova said in an emailed statement. The Social Democrats trail their main rival and current coalition partner, the ANO movement of former Finance Minister Andrej Babis, by a double-digit margin in polls. The election is scheduled for October 20-21. ",1
19909,Nigeria's Buhari to pass through London after U.N. General Assembly trip,"ABUJA (Reuters) - Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari will pass through London, where he spent five months on medical leave this year, on his way home from the United Nations General Assembly, his spokesman said on Friday.  Buhari will depart for New York on Sunday, his spokesman said in an emailed statement. It will be the first time he has left Nigeria since returning on Aug. 19 from Britain, where he received treatment for an unspecified ailment. Spokesman Femi Adesina said Buhari would hold a lunch meeting with U.S. President Donald Trump and other leaders, adding:  President Buhari will transit through London on his way back to the country.  Buhari will be accompanied on the trip by cabinet ministers and the governors of three states.  Nigeria s Foreign Minister Geoffrey Onyeama told reporters at the United Nations in New York on Friday that Buhari was in  very good health  and  back to what he was before.   We had a very long cabinet meeting two days ago and he was in excellent form in every way possible,  Onyeama said.  He s really leading, he s very, very strong and he s back to his very punishing schedule so it s just fantastic.  Adesina did not say whether Buhari would have medical treatment in London and declined a request to comment further.  The refusal to disclose details of the president s illness has caused speculation about whether the 74-year-old is well enough to run Africa s most populous country and biggest economy. Buhari was in London on medical leave for two months from January, and again from May 7 to Aug. 19. After the first trip, the president reduced his working day to a few hours, diplomats and government sources said at the time. Since the second trip, however, Buhari s office has released a flurry of photos and statements from his engagements, including meetings with his vice president, heads of the armed forces and economic ministers. ",1
19910,"Speculation not helpful, British PM May tells Trump after attack tweet","LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May said on Friday it was not helpful for anyone to speculate on investigations after U.S. President Donald Trump tweeted that the culprits behind a train bombing had been  in the sights  of the police. Soon after 22 people were injured in the attack on a busy underground train in west London, Trump tweeted:  Another attack in London by a loser terrorist. These are sick and demented people who were in the sights of Scotland Yard. Must be proactive!  His comments appeared to point the finger at British police. Asked whether Trump knew something Britain did not, May said:  I never think it s helpful for anybody to speculate on what is an ongoing investigation . Others chimed in, with May s former chief of staff, Nick Timothy, saying Trump s comment was  so unhelpful from leader of our ally and intelligence partner . London and Washington have long boasted of their  special relationship , close ties that were strained earlier this year when the United States leaked information on an investigation into a bomber who killed 22 at a Manchester pop concert. Trump told reporters after his tweet that he had been briefed on the London incident, and he also said he would be speaking with May, although it was not clear whether his reference to Scotland Yard came up on the call. A senior U.S. government official cast doubt on whether Trump was privy to information over whether the bomber in the west London attack was known or not. The official said that at this point, U.S. agencies had no information to back up any suggestion by Trump that Britain had advance warning or specific intelligence on the attack. At a White House briefing ahead of next week s U.N. General Assembly meeting, Trump s national security adviser, H.R. McMaster, said the president was referring generically to British efforts to combat terrorism and was not making a reference to any specific knowledge authorities in London may have had.  I think he means generally that this kind of activity is what we re trying to prevent, and so these organizations that are responsible for it, whatever comes out of this investigation, that remains to be seen,  McMaster said. Hours after Trump s tweet, Sky News cited security sources as saying they had identified a suspect in the attack, with the help of surveillance footage. ",1
19911,North Korea says goal is 'equilibrium' with U.S. after testing Hwasong-12 missile: KCNA,"SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea s goal is reaching  equilibrium  of military force with the United States, its state agency said on Saturday, a day after its leader Kim Jong Un ordered the test of a medium-to-long range Hwasong-12 missile that flew over Japan into the Pacific Ocean.  Our final goal is to establish the equilibrium of real force with the U.S. and make the U.S. rulers dare not talk about military option for the DPRK,  Kim was cited as saying in the report. Pyongyang had fired its second missile over Japan in less than a month on Friday, prompting the United States to say it has military options to deal with the North, signaling its patience for diplomacy is wearing thin. ",1
19912,Myanmar says U.S. official barred from Rohingya conflict zone,"YANGON (Reuters) - Myanmar said on Friday a visiting U.S. official would not be allowed to go to a region where violence has triggered an exodus of nearly 400,000 Rohingya Muslims that the United Nations has branded a  textbook example of ethnic cleansing . The Rohingya have fled from western Rakhine state to neighboring Bangladesh to escape a military offensive that has raised questions about Myanmar s transition to civilian rule under the leadership of Nobel laureate Aung San Suu Kyi. U.S. Deputy Assistant Secretary of State Patrick Murphy will voice Washington s concerns about the Rohingya and press for greater access to the conflict area for humanitarian workers, the State Department said. Myanmar officials said he would meet government leaders in the capital, Naypyitaw, and attend an address to the nation by Suu Kyi on Tuesday. He would also visit Sittwe, the state capital, and meet the governor of Rakhine, the state government secretary, Tin Maung Swe, told Reuters, but the north of the state, where the conflict erupted on Aug. 25 would be off limits.  Not allowed,  Tin Maung Swe said, when asked if Murphy would be going to Maungdaw district, at the heart of the strife that began when Rohingya insurgents attacked police posts and an army camp, killing a dozen people. While nearly 400,000 refugees have poured across the border into Bangladesh, fears have also been growing of a humanitarian crisis on the Myanmar side, but access for aid workers and reporters has been severely restricted. Myanmar insisted on Friday it was not barring aid workers but a government spokesman said authorities on the ground might have concerns over security. Rights monitors and fleeing Rohingya say the army and Rakhine Buddhist vigilantes have mounted a campaign of arson aimed at driving out the Muslim population. A Reuters photographer on the Bangladesh side of the border said he could see huge banks of dark smoke billowing up over Myanmar territory on Friday, while international aid organizations said the refugees kept coming.  There s really no sign that this flow of people is going to dry up,  Chris Lom of the International Organisation for Migration, said from the Bangladeshi border district of Cox s Bazar.  There are still, we believe, thousands of people waiting to take boats across to Cox s Bazar.  U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres and the U.N. Security Council have urged Myanmar to end the violence, which he said was best described as ethnic cleansing.       Myanmar rejects the accusations, saying its security forces are carrying out clearance operations to defend against the insurgents of the Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army, which claimed responsibility for the Aug. 25 attacks and similar, though smaller, attacks in October. Russia s U.N. Ambassador Vassily Nebenzia said on Friday that while Moscow was concerned  we cannot discard the fact that it was triggered by terrorist activities.   We re talking to the Myanmar government, of course,  he told reporters.  We are concerned with what is happening. ... We are looking forward to an early cessation of the violence and to elevating the humanitarian situation of the population.  The government has declared Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army a terrorist organization and accused it of setting the fires and attacking civilians. Ethnic cleansing is not recognized as a separate crime under international law but allegations of ethnic cleansing as part of wider, systematic human rights violations have been heard in international courts. Rights group Amnesty International said evidence pointed to a  mass-scale scorched-earth campaign  across the north of Rakhine that was unmistakably ethnic cleansing.  The evidence is irrefutable   the Myanmar security forces are setting northern Rakhine state ablaze in a targeted campaign to push the Rohingya people out of Myanmar,  said Tirana Hassan, the group s crisis response director. The group said it had detected 80 big fires in Rohingya areas since Aug. 25. While the extent of damage could not be verified, due to access restrictions by the government,  they are likely to have burned down whole villages . It said it also had credible reports of Rohingya militants burning the homes of ethnic Rakhine and other minorities. About 30,000 non-Muslims have also been displaced. U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said on Thursday he had spoken with Suu Kyi and that she said she was working to get aid to areas in Myanmar affected by violence. The generals still control national security policy but nevertheless, Suu Kyi has been widely criticized abroad for not stopping or condemning the violence. The campaign against the Muslim insurgents is popular at home. The U.N. refugee agency said the Rohingya arriving in Bangladesh were suffering  real hardship, and some of the most difficult conditions seen in any current refugee situation .  With the influx increasing daily, UNHCR is appealing for an initial amount of $30 million for the emergency humanitarian response in Bangladesh until the end of year,  an agency spokesman said in Geneva.     Bangladesh says all refugees must go home and has called for safe areas in Myanmar. Myanmar has ruled that out and says it will accept anyone who can verify their citizenship. Most Rohingya are stateless. Thousands of people demonstrated after Friday prayers in the Bangladeshi capital, Dhaka, to denounce the treatment of the Rohingya.  One protest leader said they were demanding a U.N. peacekeeping force and that Myanmar face charges in an international court. ",1
19913,U.S. urges Iraq's Kurdistan to call off independence referendum,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House said on Friday the plan for an independence referendum in Iraq s autonomous Kurdistan region this month distracts from efforts to defeat Islamic State and urged Kurdish leaders to call off the vote.  We therefore call on the Kurdistan Regional Government to call off the referendum and enter into serious and sustained dialogue with Baghdad, which the United States has repeatedly indicated it is prepared to facilitate,  the White House said in a statement. ",1
19914,Russia to the United States: Stay in Iran nuclear deal,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Russia s U.N. ambassador, Vassily Nebenzia, said Moscow s message to the United States during a likely meeting of the parties to the Iran nuclear deal next week on the sidelines to the United Nations General Assembly was to stay in the deal.   That is not only our message, but the rest of the participants and those that are outside are trying to send this message across,  Nebenzia told reporters on Friday.  ",1
19915,Trump says options for dealing with North Korea are 'overwhelming',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Friday following the latest missile launch by North Korea that he is  more confident than ever that our options in addressing this threat are both effective and overwhelming.  Speaking to a group that included military personnel at Joint Base Andrews near Washington, Trump said North Korea  has once again shown its utter contempt for its neighbors and for the entire world community.  ",1
19916,"Turkey, Iran and Russia to deploy observers around Syria's Idlib","ANKARA/ASTANA (Reuters) - Russia, Iran and Turkey will post observers on the edge of a de-escalation zone in northern Syria s Idlib region largely controlled by Islamist militants, the three nations said on Friday. The move is part of a broader plan under which Moscow, Tehran and Ankara will set up four such zones in different parts of Syria, an idea described by critics as de facto partitioning of the war-torn nation. While they hailed the agreement as a breakthrough after months of talks, Moscow, Tehran and Ankara provided very few details and said some issues were still to be worked out. They denied charges of aiming to partition the country, however, saying the zones where they plan to deploy forces would be temporary, although they could be extended beyond an initial six-month term. A top aide to President Bashar al-Assad, Bouthaina Shaaban, said attempts to divide Syria had failed, and reiterated the government s vow to take back the entire country, including  Idlib and other areas . Turkey s foreign ministry and Russian and Iranian diplomats who attended trilateral talks in Kazakhstan said on Friday their observers would be stationed in  safe zones  along the border of the Idlib de-escalation area. The Turkish ministry said in a statement the observers  mission will be to prevent clashes between  the (Syrian) regime and the opposition forces, and any violations of the truce . Russian negotiator Alexander Lavrentyev said the trio will each send about 500 observers to Idlib, and the Russians will be military policemen. Idlib province, in northwest Syria on the border with Turkey, is largely controlled by a rebel alliance spearheaded by the former al Qaeda offshoot Nusra Front. One analyst was unsure how effective the deal would be.  I m not sure what this deal means in practice or how or if it is going to get implemented on the ground,  said Aron Lund, a Syria specialist and fellow at The Century Foundation.  The obvious stumbling block is the fact that much of Idlib is under the control of Tahrir al-Sham, which is viewed internationally as a terrorist group.      A deal with Russia and Iran, which support President Bashar Assad s government, marks a shift in the policy of Ankara, which backs some of the rebels and raised objections to Russia and Iran s proposals at a previous meeting in July. But the details of the plan remained unclear as the three countries did not make public any of the documents agreed on Friday apart from their joint statement. Russia s Lavrentyev said that the exact deployment locations of de-escalation control forces in Idlib had yet to be determined. Yezid Sayigh, a senior fellow at the Carnegie Middle East Centre, said the agreement could pave way for an offensive against Hay at Tahrir al-Sham (HTS).  The calls to form a  unified opposition army  in the northwest under the aegis of groups close to the Muslim Brotherhood suggest that Turkey is preparing a proxy force to move against HTS in western Aleppo and Idlib: as in al-Bab and Jarablus, Turkish units would support opposition forces from behind,  he said. A Western diplomat said it was  still unclear what the final outcome will be, notwithstanding there was just a closing ceremony .  How much devil will be in the detail remains to be seen,  the diplomat said. Meanwhile, the Astana trio have started discussing setting up national reconciliation committees in Syria and will continue those discussions in late October, Lavrentyev said. The United Nations, which hosts separate Syria peace talks in Geneva, has previously urged Astana to focus on consolidating the ceasefire and avoid political matters. ",1
19917,U.S.-backed Syrian fighters say will not let government forces cross Euphrates,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - U.S.-backed Syrian militias will not let government forces cross the Euphrates River in their bid to recover eastern Syria, their commander said on Friday, but Russia said army units had already done so near the city of Deir al-Zor. An aide to President Bashar al-Assad meanwhile said the government would fight any force, including U.S.-backed militias, in efforts to recapture the rest of the country. Syrian government forces supported by Russian air strikes and Iran-backed militias, and a U.S.-backed alliance of Kurdish and Arab fighters, are converging on Islamic State in separate offensives around Deir al-Zor. The government side has advanced into the city from the west. Last week, they broke an Islamic State siege of the provincial capital, which sits on the western bank of the river. The Deir al-Zor military council, fighting as part of the U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), has meanwhile advanced toward Deir al-Zor from the eastern side of the river since launching an offensive into the province a week ago. Military council commander Ahmed Abu Khawla warned government forces and their militia allies against firing across the river as his fighters close in   something he said had happened in recent days.  Now we have 3 km between us and the eastern riverbank, once our forces reach the area, any shot fired into that area we will consider an attack on the military council,  he said.  We have notified the regime and Russia that we are coming to the Euphrates riverbank, and they can see our forces advancing,  he said.  We do not allow the regime or its militias to cross to the eastern riverbank.  But Russian foreign ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said the Syrian army had already crossed.  The suburbs of this provincial center (Deir al-Zor) have been liberated. Advance units have successfully crossed the Euphrates and are holding positions on its eastern bank,  she said, without specifying where. Abu Khawla said this was  mere propaganda ... no one has crossed.  Assad aide Bouthaina Shaaban later said the Syrian government was ready to fight the SDF.  Whether it s the Syrian Democratic Forces, or Daesh (Islamic State) or any illegitimate foreign force in the country ... we will fight and work against them so our land is freed completely from any aggressor,  she said in an interview with Hezbollah s Al Manar TV.  I m not saying this will happen tomorrow ... but this is the strategic intent,  she said, dismissing suggestions that Washington and Moscow s military decisions would decide Syria s fate. The Russian- and U.S.-backed campaigns against Islamic State in Syria have mostly stayed out of each other s way as the sides seek to avoid conflict, with the Euphrates often acting as a dividing line between the sides. Talks have been underway to extend a formal demarcation line that has separated the campaigns, officials have said. The SDF accused Syrian government forces of attacking its positions near the town of Tabqa in Raqqa province and the United States shot down a Syrian government warplane in June. Abu Khawla said a civilian administration would be set up to run areas of Deir al-Zor province captured from Islamic State by his fighters, including oil fields. The Syrian government was  not fit to lead and rule the people , he said. Oil-rich Deir al-Zor province is Islamic State s last major foothold in Syria and Iraq. It is bisected by the Euphrates River and abuts Iraq.  Every village around the eastern riverbank of the Euphrates river until the Iraqi-Syrian border is a goal for our forces,  he said.  We are moving forcefully and quickly. We do not have a timeline, but we hope soon to free the entire eastern bank.  Reflecting the demarcation line, the U.S.-led coalition said on Thursday the SDF was not planning to enter Deir al-Zor city.     But while Deir al-Zor city was not an SDF target, Abu Khawla did not rule out the possibility it may become one, saying people in the city wanted to be liberated from  the regime and Daesh at the same time . But  right now, we have a schedule that we re following which is the liberation of the eastern riverbanks of the Euphrates , he said.      He said Islamic State had  shown fierce resistance  when SDF fighters entered the outskirts of Deir al-Zor on the eastern bank.  The battles are continuous,  he said. Abu Khawla, who is in his early 30s, said 10,000 fighters were taking part in the Deir al-Zor campaign, the bulk of them members of Arab tribes from eastern Syria. The campaign is supported by the Kurdish militia that dominate the SDF.  All our soldiers  training (is) in the Coalition training camps, they oversee our training and our armament,  he said. Abu Khawla was a member of a Free Syrian Army rebel group in Deir al-Zor until Islamic State took over most of the province in 2014 at the height of its expansion in Syria and Iraq. He fled to Turkey before returning to Syria and joining the SDF.  Now we are setting up a civil council parallel to the military council of Deir al-Zor, and this civilian council will run all areas freed from (Islamic State),  he said. ",1
19918,"Assad aide says Syria will fight any force, including U.S.-backed militias","BEIRUT (Reuters) - A top aide to President Bashar al-Assad said on Friday the Syrian government would fight any force, including U.S.-backed forces also battling Islamic State militants, in its drive to recapture the whole of the country. Assad has previously vowed to recapture the whole of Syria. The government controls the main urban centres in the west of the country and has taken back much of the eastern desert from Islamic State in recent months.  Whether it s the Syrian Democratic Forces, or Daesh (Islamic State) or any illegitimate foreign force in the country ... we will fight and work against them so our land is freed completely from any aggressor,  Bouthaina Shaaban said in an interview with Hezbollah s Al Manar TV. Shaaban said the U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) had captured areas from Islamic State  without any fighting , apparently accusing them of collusion with the jihadists. The SDF  are trying to get areas (where there is) oil ... but they will not get what they want,  she said. Shaaban also said plans to  divide  Syria had failed, without elaborating. The Kurdish YPG militia, which dominates the SDF, has for years controlled large parts of northeastern Syria. Advances against Islamic State in its Raqqa stronghold and a new offensive in Deir al-Zor are bringing more territory under the control of the SDF. ",1
19919,Nigerian military labels Biafra separatist group a terrorist organization,"ABUJA (Reuters) - Nigeria s armed forces said on Friday a group campaigning for the secession of a part of southeastern Nigeria formerly known as Biafra had been categorized as a  terrorist organization . The move follows days of tension in which members of the group accused the army of laying siege to their leader s home, which the army denied. A curfew was imposed in Abia state where the residence is located.  The Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) group has stepped up calls for secession since its leader, Nnamdi Kanu, was released on bail in April after being detained nearly two years on charges of criminal conspiracy and belonging to an illegal society. Secessionist sentiment has simmered in the region since the Biafra separatist rebellion plunged Africa s most populous country into a civil war in 1967-70 that killed an estimated one million people. The military presence in southeastern Nigeria has increased in the last few weeks as part of an operation that the military said was part of efforts to crack down on crime.  The Armed Forces of Nigeria wishes to confirm to the general public that IPOB from all intent, plan and purpose as analyzed, is a militant terrorist organization,  said armed forces spokesman John Enenche in an emailed statement.  The statement said IPOB had formed a  Biafra secret service  a paramilitary division, extorted money from people on public roads and attacked members of the armed forces.  An IPOB spokesman was not immediately available for comment.  The tension is another security challenge for President Muhammadu Buhari in addition to the eight-year Boko Haram jihadist insurgency in the northeast and attempts to maintain a fragile ceasefire in the southern Niger Delta energy hub. Militant attacks on oil facilities in the Niger Delta last year cut crude production by more than a third. Renewed calls for Biafran secession prompted Buhari to use his first speech after returning from three months of medical leave in Britain in August to say Nigeria s unity was  not negotiable .  Amid mounting tensions in the region, the army on Thursday said it was investigating video footage circulating on social media that purportedly showed troops at a checkpoint in Abia  using sticks to flog men stripped to the waist and forcing them to drink muddy water. Amnesty International in 2016 accused Nigeria s security forces of killing at least 150 Biafra separatists at peaceful rallies. The military and police denied the allegations. (This version of the story corrects typo in headline) ",1
19920,"Trump to 'slap' foes, embrace friends in first U.N. speech: envoy","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump will pummel foes and embrace friends in his first speech to the United Nations General Assembly next week, keeping pressure on Washington s adversaries North Korea  and Iran, U.S. Ambassador Nikki Haley said on Friday. Briefing reporters ahead of the annual U.N. meeting, Haley and White House national security adviser H.R. McMaster took a tough line on North Korea, warning that a military option to deal with its nuclear threats was available. Trump will meet with leaders from Europe, Asia, the Middle East and Latin America throughout the week, but his remarks, scheduled for Tuesday morning, will be the president s highest profile opportunity to explain his foreign policy vision couched in his  America first  agenda.  I personally think he slaps the right people, he hugs the right people, and he comes out with (the) U.S. being very strong, in the end,  Haley, speaking at the White House, said of Trump s speech. Haley declined to say whether Trump would commit Washington to maintaining its current level of funding for the 193-nation body. Trump has complained that the United States funds 22 percent of the U.N. budget and nearly 30 percent of U.N. peacekeeping duties. Trump will kick off the week with a meeting about U.N. reform on Monday. He will then have meetings with French President Emmanuel Macron and Israeli Prime Minister Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu that will focus on Iran, McMaster said. Trump has dinner scheduled with Latin American leaders. On Tuesday, he will meet Qatar s emir, Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad al-Thani. Trump said last week he would be willing to mediate the worst dispute in decades between Qatar and U.S.-allied Arab states. On Wednesday, he will meet with leaders from Jordan, the Palestinian Authority, Britain and Egypt and on Thursday there are talks scheduled with leaders from Turkey, Afghanistan and Ukraine before holding a lunch with the leaders of South Korea and Japan. McMaster said it was unlikely that Trump would speak to Venezuela s President Nicolas Maduro, whom the White House has sanctioned and called a dictator. ",1
19921,"FACTBOX: Oil companies in Caribbean, southeast U.S. continue restart after Irma","(Reuters) - Energy infrastructure companies in the Caribbean and southeastern United States continued to restart as of Friday after shutdowns due to Hurricane Irma. Irma was downgraded to a tropical depression on Monday and weakened further into a post-tropical cyclone by Tuesday, the National Hurricane Center said.  Kinder Morgan Inc said it is making  significant progress  on restarting systems that were temporarily or partially shut down as a precaution during the passage of Irma. It said the Orlando and Tampa products terminals and their associated truck racks, the Central Florida Pipeline (CFPL), Elba Island LNG Terminal, the Plantation Pipe Line system, and other terminals in Alabama, Georgia and South Carolina are fully operational. Dominican Republican Refidomsa s Haina refinery and its docks returned to normal after Irma, a source familiar with the matter told Reuters. Statoil  said operations at South Riding Point resumed earlier this week after being shut down during the weekend.  Buckeye Partners LP did not immediately have an update available on its Bahamas crude oil and fuel terminal, previously known as Borco. The terminal is Buckeye s largest and can store about 26.2 million barrels of oil, fuel oil, gasoline and other products. Buckeye s terminals in Puerto Rico have returned to normal, a spokesman told Reuters in an email. Port Everglades, South Florida s main petroleum delivery hub, said it is open with no restrictions. Of the 12 petroleum terminals supplying transportation fuels, 10 were up and delivering fuel to retail stations and two that are still working to reopen have water intrusion and related issues, the Port said. Irma, which had ranked as one of the most powerful Atlantic storms on record before striking the U.S. mainland as a Category 4 hurricane on Sunday, has been blamed for at least 82 deaths, with several hard-hit Caribbean islands, including Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands, accounting for more than half the fatalities.             COMPANY             LOCATION      ACTION                 FULL STORY                      Refidomsa           Haina,        Refining, docks back                                             Dominican     to normal                                                        Republic                                                   COMPANY         LOCATION      ACTION                 FULL STORY                      Norfolk         U.S.           Opened origin                               Southern Corp   Southeast     facility gates for                                                         shipments destined to                                                      Charleston, South                                                          Carolina, though                                                           gates remained closed                                                      to traffic destined                                                        for Jacksonville,                                                          Florida,                                                                   Savannah-Garden City                                                       in Georgia, and                                                            Florida East Coast                                                         Railway locations                            COMPANY         LOCATION      ACTION                 FULL STORY                      Buckeye         Puerto Rico   Terminal facilities                          Partners                      in Puerto Rico have                                                        returned to normal                                                         operations                                   Buckeye         Freeport,     Targets normal                               Partners        Grand Bahama  operations at Bahamas                                        Island        oil, fuel terminal on                                                      Tuesday                                      Statoil         Grand Bahama  South Riding Point                                           Island        storage and                                                                transshipment                                                              terminal operations                                                        resumed                                      NuStar          St.           Statia terminal                                              Eustatius     suffered damage to                                                         several tanks and                                                          other equipment due                                                        to Hurricane Irma.                                                         All employees safe,                                                        no oil spills have                                                         been registered;                                                           Assessments were put                                                       on hold due to                                                             Hurricane Jose                               Limetree Bay    St. Croix,    Hovensa terminal                             Terminals       U.S. Virgin   shuttered due to                                             Islands       storm, traders said                          American        Brunswick,    Shut down around noon                        Midstream       Georgia       on Friday and                                Brunswick                     evacuated employees                          Terminal                                                                   Odfjell         Charleston,   Continuing                                   Terminal        South         operations,                                                  Carolina      monitoring the status                                                      of storm                                     Port            Hollywood,    Open with no           [nL4N1LU4L9]                      Everglades      Florida       restrictions                                 Kinder Morgan                 Making  significant                                                        progress  on                                                               restarting systems                                                         that were temporarily                                                      or partially shut                                                          down as a precaution                         COMPANY         LOCATION      ACTION                 FULL STORY                      Shell           Eastern Gulf  Reduced staff at its                                         of Mexico     eastern Gulf of                                                            Mexico assets as a                                                         precautionary measure                        BP              Thunder       Non-essential                                                Horse         personnel evacuated                                          platform      from platform and                                                          associated drill ship                                                      West Vela                         ",1
19922,Trump to meet with long list of leaders in New York next week -White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump will hold a series of meetings with world leaders on the sidelines of the U.N. General Assembly meeting next week in New York, the White House said on Friday. Trump will meet with the leaders of France and Israel on Monday before holding a dinner with Latin American leaders that evening, Trump s national security adviser H.R. McMaster told reporters. On Tuesday, he will meet Qatar s emir, and on Wednesday, he will meet with leaders from Jordan, the Palestinian Authority, the United Kingdom and Egypt, McMaster said. Trump will meet on Thursday with leaders from Turkey, Afghanistan and Ukraine before holding a lunch with the leaders of South Korea and Japan, he said. ",1
19923,"More than a third of German voters undecided before election, poll shows","BERLIN (Reuters) - Support for Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives has slipped and over a third of Germans are still unsure how they will vote, an opinion poll showed on Friday, fuelling uncertainty about what kind of coalition will emerge from an election on Sept. 24. The weekly survey, conducted by pollster Forschungsgruppe Wahlen for ZDF television, showed support for Merkel s conservative bloc falling 2 points to 36 percent   a result that would still make it the largest group in parliament. Support for its nearest rivals, the left-leaning Social Democrats (SPD), rose by 1 point to 23 percent. The business-friendly Free Democrats (FDP) and the anti-immigration, euro-hostile Alternative for Germany (AfD) were both on 10 percent. The poll of 1,383 voters, conducted from Sept. 12 to Sept. 14, also showed that 39 percent of those surveyed were still unsure how they would vote.  More than ever, all these polls should be taken with a grain of salt now. There surely could be some surprises on election night,  said Gero Neugebauer, political scientist at Berlin s Free University. He doubted the SPD could overtake Merkel s conservatives, who he expected to be the largest parliamentary party with the Social Democrats the second biggest.  But in the fight among the smaller parties for third place and possible power in a coalition, everything is still up in the air,  Neugebauer added.     With the election likely to install six parties in parliament, up from four now, Germany will be marked by a more fractured political landscape after the vote. This could make coalition-building difficult. Friday s poll showed support for the far-left Linke stood at 9 percent, with the environmentalist Greens on 8 percent. Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel, a senior Social Democrat, told broadcaster SWR he favored a so-called  traffic light  coalition with the FDP and Greens. However, the poll put support for such an alliance at just 41 percent. [B4N1JZ031] The survey showed there would be sufficient support for both a repeat of the incumbent  grand coalition  of Merkel s conservatives and the SPD, and for a so-called  Jamaica  coalition of the conservatives, FDP and Greens. However, Greens co-leader Cem Ozdemir sounded a skeptical note about a possible three-way Jamaica tie-up   a reference to the parties  colors: black (conservatives), yellow (FDP) and green (Greens).  I don t see how we should get together with the FDP,  he told the daily Berliner Zeitung. FDP leader Christian Lindner also played down the likelihood of such an alliance.  The Greens have long since bid farewell to Jamaica by raising their demands to the max,  he told Der Spiegel magazine. Lindner, a potential finance minister if the FDP joins a ruling coalition, also set out red lines on euro zone policy ahead of potential coalition negotiations.  I fear that Chancellor Merkel and French President Macron are agreed on new pots of money in the euro zone to create a gigantic financial transfer system,  he said, before taking aim at European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker.   Mr Juncker wants to expand the euro zone, though its consolidation should be the priority now. Neither would be on with us,  Lindner added, with reference to a transfer system and euro zone expansion. Neugebauer said the FDP was fishing in the AfD s waters.  FDP leader Lindner has turned a former pro-European party into some kind of AfD-light,  he added.  The poll s margin of error was some 3 percentage points. With support for Merkel s conservatives and the FDP   natural allies who have ruled together in the past   at 46 percent, the margin of error suggests they could yet squeak into power. A separate poll released on Thursday showed support for the SPD had slumped to its lowest level this year - at 20 percent - with Merkel s conservatives steady at 37 percent.  There is high volatility not only because of those who are still undecided,  said Neugebauer.  There are also many swing voters who change tack at the last minute for tactical reasons to ensure or prevent a certain coalition option.  ",1
19924,British police 'chasing down suspects' after train bombing,"LONDON (Reuters) - British police are chasing down the people they suspect of being behind a bomb which injured 29 people on a packed commuter train in west London on Friday, the country s most senior counter-terrorism officer said.  Mark Rowley said officers were sifting through surveillance footage and examining the remains of the device.  This is a very complex investigation which is continuing at speed,  he told reporters.  We are chasing down suspects.  ",1
19925,"Britain raises security threat level to critical, PM May says","LONDON (Reuters) - Britain lifted its national security threat level to critical from severe on Friday, meaning an attack is expected, after a bomb on a London commuter train injured 29 people.  Prime Minister Theresa May said in a televised statement that armed police and members of the military would be seen on the streets in the coming days.  For this period, military personnel will replace police officers on guard duties at certain protected sites that are not accessible to the public,  she said. ",1
19926,Lebanon says foils attacks after warnings from foreign embassies,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanon s army said on Friday it had arrested Islamist militants who were planning attacks in the country after foreign embassies warned their citizens to avoid public places. Army intelligence  carried out several raids arresting 19 people linked to a cell  belonging to Islamic State, the army said in a statement. Security forces were taking extra precautions, it added. The cell which had  planned and prepared to carry out terrorist action  was led by Egyptian Fadi Ibrahim Ahmed, who was based in the Ain el-Hilweh Palestinian refugee camp in southern Lebanon, the army said. Lebanon s Interior Ministry said earlier it was looking into warnings issued by foreign embassies over potential attacks in the country, but that there was no need to panic.  These warnings are based on information from a foreign intelligence agency,  the ministry said.  Lebanese security services are following up to check its authenticity and accuracy ... There is no cause for fear or exaggeration.  The French Embassy in Beirut urged French citizens in Lebanon on Friday to be vigilant over the next 48 hours, citing an  elevated risk of attack targeting public places . The U.S. Embassy said earlier in the week it had barred staff from visiting the Casino du Liban in Jounieh, north of Beirut. Canada also warned its citizens on Thursday to avoid that area. ",1
19927,Erdogan says will discuss case of ex-Turkish minister with Trump during visit,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said on Friday he would discuss with U.S. President Donald Trump next week the case of a former Turkish economy minister indicted in the United States for conspiring to violate U.S. sanctions on Iran. Former minister Zafer Caglayan and the ex-head of a state-owned Turkish bank were charged on Wednesday with conspiring to violate U.S. sanctions on Iran by illegally moving hundreds of millions of dollars through the U.S. financial system on Tehran s behalf. The indictment marks the first time an ex-government member with close ties to Erdogan has been charged in an investigation that has further strained already difficult ties between Washington and Ankara. Caglayan was also charged with taking bribes in cash and jewelry worth tens of millions of dollars.  There are truly some problematic issues regarding this period, and the wrongful steps taken by those under President Trump are evidently casting a shadow on Trump s administration. I don t think this should be allowed,  Erdogan said in an interview with broadcaster A Haber. Last week Erdogan said he had told Washington that Turkey had never agreed to comply with its sanctions on Iran, and called on the United States to review the indictment. He also said Trump had called him and vowed to follow the case more closely. On Monday Turkey said Caglayan had acted within international law and that charges against him amounted to a coup attempt through American courts. Relations between Washington and NATO ally Turkey, an important partner in tackling the Syrian conflict, have become more strained following last year s failed military coup in Turkey and Erdogan s subsequent crackdown on his opponents. Ankara is seeking - so far without success - the extradition of a U.S.-based Muslim cleric whom it accuses of orchestrating the coup attempt. The cleric, Fethullah Gulen, denies involvement in the abortive coup. Erdogan will travel to the United States on Sunday for the United Nations General Assembly in New York and is due to meet Trump on the sidelines of that event. ",1
19928,Latin American nations seek Venezuela crisis mediation,"SANTO DOMINGO/CARACAS (Reuters) - Various Latin American nations will join an attempt to mediate Venezuela s political crisis in new talks later this month, the president of the Dominican Republic said on Thursday. Danilo Medina hosted high-level delegations from Venezuela s feuding government and opposition for two days in the latest foreign-led effort to ease a standoff alarming the world.  We advanced definition of an agenda on Venezuela s big problems. A commission of friendly countries was agreed,  the Dominican leader told reporters, saying Mexico, Chile, Bolivia, Nicaragua would join the process with others to be announced.  The next talks would be held on Sept. 27, again in the Dominican capital Santo Domingo, he added.  Mexico and Chile have been bitterly critical of President Nicolas Maduro s socialist government over rights and democracy issues, while fellow leftist-led Bolivia and Nicaragua are staunch allies.   Venezuelan s government is eager to ease foreign censure of and its delegates came out of Thursday s talks smiling.   A dialogue of peace is being installed so that Venezuela can resolve its affairs among Venezuelans,  senior Socialist Party official Jorge Rodriguez told reporters.  Earlier, opposition leaders, who faced a backlash from supporters after failed talks with Maduro last year, insisted they had only traveled to push long-standing demands, including a presidential election and the release of jailed activists.  Decrying Maduro as a  dictator  who has wrecked the OPEC member s once-prosperous economy, Venezuelan opposition leaders led street protests earlier this year seeking his removal that led to the deaths of at least 125 people.  Maduro says they were seeking a coup with U.S. connivance.  Though both sides met the Dominican president this week, it was unclear if they had also sat down and talked together.  In a statement after Thursday s meetings, the opposition Democratic Unity coalition said it had accepted an invitation by Medina and the United Nations to an  exploratory meeting  in the hope of advancing Maduro s exit by constitutional means.  Only through democratic and non-violent change will it be possible to overcome the current social and economic tragedy afflicting all Venezuelans,  it said.  The coalition said six countries would be acting as guarantors, and any final accord must include a date for a presidential vote, reform of the national electoral board, release of political prisoners, and emergency humanitarian aid.  Any agreement should go to a referendum, it added. The government delegation included Delcy Rodriguez, leader of Venezuela s all-powerful and pro-Maduro Constituent Assembly whose creation brought widespread foreign condemnation as it overrides the existing opposition-led congress.  The opposition delegation was led by Julio Borges, head of that congress, fresh from a trip to Europe where he was received by the leaders of Germany, France and Spain.  Maduro routinely calls for dialogue, but his adversaries suspect he may use talks as a stalling tactic to help his image without producing concrete results. A dialogue brokered by former Spanish Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero and the Vatican in 2016 did nothing to advance opposition demands. ",1
19929,Islamic State claims responsibility for London blast: Amaq news agency,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Islamic State has claimed responsibility for a blast on Friday that injured 22 people on a packed commuter train on the London underground network, the militant group s Amaq news agency said. ",1
19930,Pakistani court sentences Christian man to death for blasphemy,"LAHORE, Pakistan (Reuters) - A Christian man has been sentenced to death on blasphemy charges by a court in eastern Pakistan after a close friend accused him of sharing anti-Islamic material, the defendant s lawyer said on Friday. Blasphemy is a criminal offence in Muslim-majority Pakistan, and insults against the Prophet Mohammad are punishable by death. Most cases are filed against members of minority communities. Nadeem James, 35, was arrested in July 2016, accused by a friend of sharing material ridiculing the Prophet Mohammad on the Whatsapp messaging service. Lawyer Riaz Anjum said his client intended to appeal against the verdict, passed on Thursday by a sessions court in the town of Gujrat. There was widespread outrage across Pakistan last April when student Mashal Khan was beaten to death at his university in Mardan following a dorm debate about religion. Police arrested over 20 students and some faculty members in connection with the killing. Since then, parliament has considered adding safeguards to the blasphemy laws, a groundbreaking move given the emotive nature of the issue. There have been at least 67 murders over unproven allegations of blasphemy since 1990, according to figures from a research center and independent records kept by Reuters. And in 2011, a bodyguard assassinated Punjab provincial governor Salman Taseer after he called for the blasphemy laws to be reformed.  Taseer s killer, executed last year, has been hailed as a martyr by religious hardliners. ",1
19931,Iceland PM calls snap election after coalition party quits over 'breach of trust',"REYKJAVIK (Reuters) - Iceland s prime minister called for a snap parliamentary election on Friday after one party in the ruling coalition quit the government formed less than nine months ago. The outgoing party, Bright Future, cited a  breach of trust  after Prime Minister Bjarni Benediktsson s party allegedly tried to cover up a scandal involving his father.  That leaves the country, whose economy was wrecked by the collapse of its banking system nearly a decade ago, facing its second snap election in less than a year. The outgoing government would be the shortest-living in Iceland s history. The previous government was felled by the Panama Papers scandal over offshore tax havens.   We have lost the majority and I don t see anything that indicates we can regain that. I am calling an election,  Benediktsson told reporters. He said he would be looking to hold the election in November though that would mean it would not be possible to finish next year s budget. It is ultimately up to President Gudni Johannesson, whom Benediktsson will meet with on Saturday, to make the decision on a new election.  If he accepts the call for an election he is likely to ask the government to stay in place until a new coalition is formed but he could also ask other parties to try form a majority. Johannesson was not immediately available for comment. The news knocked more than 1 percent off the value of the Icelandic crown against the euro and the dollar. The scandal revolves around a letter written by Benediktsson s father to help an old friend have his criminal record expunged after he was convicted of sex offences against children.    The board of Bright Future has decided to terminate cooperation with the government of Bjarni Benediktsson,  the party said in a statement.  The reason for the split is a serious breach of trust within the government.   The Ministry of Justice, under Sigridur Andersen, a member of Benediktsson s Independence Party, initially refused to disclose who had written the letter of recommendation. She was later ordered to do so by a parliamentary committee. Andersen told broadcaster Stod 2 that she had informed Benediktsson about his father s involvement in July but had not told anyone else.       I was told by the justice minister that we were discussing confidential matters, which followed the rules of the ministry...I decided to handle the issue as a confidential matter,  Benediktsson said. He had later informed the chairmen of the coalition parties, he said.  First, it was illegal for me to indulge the information, second, I informed them when I could.  The prime minister s father, Benedikt Sveinsson, confirmed on Friday that he had signed a letter supporting his friend s application to have his  honor restored , a procedure that effectively erases a criminal record. Among the requirements is a letter of recommendation from a close friend or associate.        Sveinsson said he had not discussed the letter with anyone.  This week, it came forth that my father had written a letter... I couldn t have written such a letter myself and I will never try to defend that,  Bendiktsson told a news  conference. Capital Economics economist Stephen Brown said a change of government could frustrate plans to overhaul Iceland s monetary policy framework. Benediktsson s administration has asked experts to look at options, including pegging the crown to the euro or the pound to keep sharp shifts in the currency from  destabilising the economy. The central bank cut interest rates four times in the year to June to tame the crown. The currency has soared on the back of a tourism boom that has helped the economy recover from years of crisis but increased the risks of overheating. The strong currency is also hurting Iceland s exports.       I think if there s going to be another election and possibly the chance of a more left-wing government, then that probably decreases the chance of monetary policy being loosened any further in the future,  Brown said.   That could be quite important.  ",1
19932,Euro zone enlargement call sparks backlash in Germany,"TALLINN (Reuters) - After years of bailing out Greece, the idea of letting more poorer states into the euro zone has sparked controversy, particularly in Germany, where Chancellor Angela Merkel is seeking re-election in two weeks time.  The backlash came after European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker called on Wednesday for non-euro zone countries to quickly adopt the single currency so that the European Union can find new unity in the euro after Britain leaves in 2019. Juncker promised to propose technical and financial help for the willing, quickly triggering concern from influential German members of the European Parliament, like the deputy chairman of the economic committee Markus Ferber. Juncker s call was interpreted by some in Germany as meaning the Commission would be lenient in assessing the readiness for the single currency of the mostly former communist and poorer eastern European countries like Bulgaria or Romania. Greece, which adopted the euro in 2001, later turned out not to have been ready because of falsified deficit statistics. The country triggered a massive debt crisis in the euro zone and had to be bailed out three times by other euro zone governments.  Euro for all EU countries? There are clear criteria and rules for joining. Greece can not repeat itself,  Ferber tweeted after the Juncker speech. EU officials became concerned that the misreading of the Juncker speech in Germany could fuel support for populist and eurosceptic parties and Juncker aides took to Twitter on Friday to try and counter that effect. They stressed that countries would only be allowed into the single currency if they met economic and governance criteria. In German language-only tweets they also pointed out that some, like keen would-be member Bulgaria, already meet many, though not all, of the economic standards for entry. To adopt the euro, a European Union country has to have low inflation, interest rates and debt, a deficit within the EU limits, as well as a stable exchange rate, proven by two years spent in the Exchange Rate Mechanism II without severe tensions.  The exchange rate of the Bulgarian Lev is absolutely stable to the euro since 2006,  Juncker s head of cabinet Martin Selmayr tweeted.  The Inflation rate of Bulgaria is just at 0.2 pct and much lower than in the euro area.  Addressing German sensitivity to debt, he tweeted:  German debt is almost 66 pct of GDP, more than twice as high as the Bulgarian one.  Romania and Bulgaria meet all the nominal criteria to join the euro except the two-year exchange rate stability test in the ERM II and the compatibility of their central bank laws with euro zone requirements.  They are also far from meeting the  soft  criterion of real economic convergence with euro zone economies   a factor that could prevent them getting the go-ahead for adopting the euro. Countries outside the euro zone include Bulgaria, Croatia, Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland, Romania, Sweden, Denmark and Britain, but the last two have a formal opt-out from joining. Others have a legal obligation to adopt the euro when they meet all the criteria, but there are no deadlines for that. Commission Vice President Valdis Dombrovskis said Bulgaria had expressed to him a clear desire to join the euro zone. Romania has expressed a similar sentiment.  But some of the biggest and more wealthy non-euro members of the EU like Sweden, Poland or the Czech Republic and Hungary have no plans to adopt the currency in the foreseeable future, preferring to keep the economic flexibility provided by control over their own exchange rate. ",1
19933,"Italy's 5-Star launches vote for leader, Di Maio hot favorite","ROME (Reuters) - Italy s anti-establishment 5-Star Movement, which leads most opinion polls ahead of a national election due by May next year, on Friday launched an internal ballot to choose its leader and candidate for prime minister. The hot favorite is 31-year-old lower house deputy Luigi Di Maio, the party s most high-profile and popular politician, who has made no secret of wanting the job and appears to have no rivals to worry him. The biggest problem for the maverick movement founded eight years ago may be finding credible alternative candidates in the contest, which will take the form of an online vote of 5-Star s members, in line with its credo of direct democracy. Di Maio, who is deputy speaker of the Chamber of Deputies, is considered a good communicator and one of 5-Star s more moderate figures. A post on 5-Star s official mouthpiece, the blog of its founder Beppe Grillo, said the candidate for prime minister would also be the party s leader, something which is not always the case in Italian politics. Grillo, who founded 5-Star in 2009, has so far acted as its de facto chief, though he has never run for any office and the party has always prided itself as having a horizontal structure with no official leader. The only person considered a realistic threat to Di Maio, the fiery deputy Alessandro Di Battista, has given no indication that he plans to run. Another deputy seen as a potential challenger, Roberto Fico, who represents the left wing of the party and has recently distanced himself from Di Maio s tough positions on law-and-order and immigration, has also not yet made any move. The post on Grillo s blog said 5-Star s local and national representatives who wish to run had until Monday to present their candidacies. The timing of the online vote has not yet been set but the winner is due to be announced on Sept 23 at 5-Star s annual national meeting at the Adriatic coastal town of Rimini. ",1
19934,Vatican recalls Washington diplomat amid child pornography investigation,"VATICAN CITY (Reuters) - A Vatican diplomat working in Washington has been recalled to the Holy See after the U.S. State Department said the priest may have violated child pornography laws, the Vatican said on Friday. Prosecutors in the Vatican have opened an investigation into the case, which represents a fresh blow to the Roman Catholic Church as it struggles to overcome repeated sex abuse scandals among its clergy.  The State Department notified the Holy See in August  of a possible violation of laws relating to child pornography images by a member of the diplomatic corps of the Holy See accredited to Washington,  the Vatican statement said. A State Department spokesman said the United States had requested that the man s diplomatic immunity be waived to open the way for possible prosecution, but the Vatican refused. The priest, who was not named, has returned to Vatican City and is awaiting the outcome of the Holy See investigation, which could lead to a trial in the tiny city state.  The U.S.-based Survivors Network of Those Abused by Priests (SNAP) said possession of child pornography was not a victimless crime because the children involved were being abused.  (Pope Francis) must bring the diplomat back to the United States in order to adhere to his promises of complying with investigations by civil authorities in cases of child sexual abuse,  SNAP managing director Barbara Dorris said. Pope Francis has declared zero tolerance over abuse scandals that have beset the Church for decades, but has appeared to struggle to overcome resistance within the Vatican hierarchy. The State Department spokesman said the pope had promised to  act decisively with regard to cases of sexual abuse  and punish those found guilty of wrongdoing.  The United States encourages the Holy See to ensure full implementation of its reforms and policies designed to protect minors and provide justice regarding allegations,  the spokesman said. Two years ago the Vatican put the former papal ambassador to the Dominican Republic on trial for child sex offences, a case that was seen as showing the pope s determination to clean up the Church. The priest, Jozef Wesolowski, was charged with paying boys to perform sexual acts, of downloading and buying pedophile material. He died before a verdict was reached. He was the first high-ranking Catholic official to stand trial in the Vatican on such sex charges and the case was closely watched by victims of priestly abuse, who have accused the Vatican of repeatedly hushing up previous scandals. Earlier this year, Cardinal George Pell, a top adviser to Pope Francis, was charged with multiple historical sex crimes in his native Australia. The highest-ranking Church official to face such accusations, Pell has denied any wrongdoing. Just last month, in the foreword to a new book written by a Swiss man who was raped by a priest when he was eight years old, Pope Francis said sexual abuse of children by priests was a  monstrosity  and pledged to take action against perpetrators. ",1
19935,Burundi says U.N. office break-in may have been fabrication,"GENEVA (Reuters) - A break-in at the U.N. human rights office in Burundi s capital may have been an attempt to smear the government, a  presidential aide told reporters on Friday in Geneva. U.N. staff in Burundi filed a complaint with police after a group of armed men broke into the office in Bujumbura at around 2.30 a.m. on Wednesday, a U.N. spokeswoman said.  Nobody was hurt and there was no damage in the attack, which came a week after a U.N. human rights inquiry said Burundian officials at the highest level should be held accountable for crimes against humanity. Willy Nyamitwe, senior communications officer in the office of the president, said the two guards at the office had been arrested and it was probably not a simple burglary.  What the police have already said is apparently there was no attack coming from the outside, which certainly means the guards would seem to be complicit. But ... we should wait for the final conclusions of this investigation.  Nyamitwe is expected to respond to the allegations at the U.N. Human Rights Council next week. Burundi has rejected the findings of the U.N. inquiry, which Nyamitwe said was a puppet of the European Union. U.N. human rights spokeswoman Elizabeth Throssell called for an investigation of the break-in that complied with international legal procedures. ",1
19936,U.S. nearing limits of diplomacy on North Korea: Trump adviser McMaster,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - White House national security adviser H.R. McMaster said on Friday the United States was approaching the limit of what sanctions and diplomacy can accomplish in terms of reigning in North Korea s weapons program.  For those ... who have been commenting on a lack of a military option, there is a military option,  McMaster told reporters at the White House, adding that it would not be the Trump administration s preferred choice. ",1
19937,"Turkey's Erdogan: Iraqi Kurds' decision not to postpone referendum ""very wrong""","ANKARA (Reuters) - Iraqi Kurdish leader Massoud Barzani s decision not to postpone an independence referendum later this month is  very wrong , Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said on Friday. Speaking in an interview with broadcaster A Haber, Erdogan said Turkey would announce its official position on the referendum after its National Security Council and cabinet have convened on Sept. 22. Earlier on Friday Barzani said the vote would not be delayed, despite pressing requests from the United States and other Western powers worried that the tensions between Baghdad and Erbil would distract from the war on Islamic State militants, who continue to occupy parts of Iraq and Syria. ",1
19938,Russia: Syria government forces now on east bank of Euphrates river,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Advance units of the Syrian government army have crossed the Euphrates river and taken up position on the eastern bank, a Russian foreign ministry spokeswoman said on Friday. U.S.-backed Syrian militias opposed to President Bashar al-Assad had set the Euphrates River as a red line, saying they would not allow government forces to cross onto the east bank.   After a major victory near Deir al-Zor, the Syrian government army continues to clear Islamic State terrorists from the eastern regions of the country,  ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova told a news conference.  The suburbs of this provincial center have been liberated. Advance units have successfully crossed the Euphrates and are holding positions on its eastern bank.  ",1
19939,Greece sees no need for precautionary credit line to exit bailout,"ATHENS (Reuters) - Greece does not expect it will need a precautionary credit line when it exits its bailout next year, a view that is in line with its official creditors, the finance minister said on Friday after a meeting of euro zone ministers in Tallinn. Greece s 86-billion-euro bailout program, its third since 2010 when its debt crisis exploded, ends in August next year and by then Athens aims to have fully returned to market financing.  It is pretty clear that the Greek government, the European institutions and the IMF are not thinking of a precautionary credit line, there is no reason for it,  Euclid Tsakalotos told reporters. He said that based on a Eurogroup decision in June, Greece  should have a buffer of funds to ensure a clean exit from the bailout program and to pay down state arrears. The money will likely come from bailout funds that will be left unused.  What emerges from the Eurogroup s statement in June is that we may get part of these funds to form a buffer and pay down state arrears. This is a discussion that will take place between February and May, not now,  he said. Tsakalotos echoed European Central Bank Executive Board member Benoit Coeure, who said he saw no need to conduct an asset quality review (AQR) at Greek banks as a broader European Union-wide stress test is already being planned for 2018.  The Greek case is simple, Greek banks are part of the European system. We have the European authorities, the ECB and the SSM (Single Supervisory Mechanism), neither of which is asking for an asset quality review,  Tsakalotos said. The minister said that Greek banks will take part in the pan-European stress test next year and projected that economic recovery in the next two years will help lenders reduce their high level of non-performing loans. ",1
19940,Iceland PM calls snap election after a coalition party quits,"REYKJAVIK (Reuters) - Iceland s prime minister called a snap parliamentary election on Friday following the decision of one of the three coalition parties to quit the government formed less than nine months ago.  We have lost the majority and I don t see anything that indicates we can regain that... I am calling an election,  Bjarni Benediktsson told reporters, adding that he would prefer the vote to take place in November. The outgoing government party Bright Future made its decision to quit due to a  breach of trust  after the prime minister s party purportedly tried to cover up a scandal involving his father. ",1
19941,Rights groups condemn Saudi arrests as crackdown on dissent,"(Reuters) - The campaign group Human Rights Watch on Friday condemned the arrest by Saudi authorities of some 30 clerics, intellectuals and activists this week as a  coordinated crackdown on dissent , and Amnesty International echoed the sentiment. The arrests were made after exiled opposition figures called for demonstrations following Friday s afternoon prayers, which did not appear to attract much support amid a heavy security deployment. Activists this week circulated on social media lists of people detained. They included prominent Islamist preacher Salman al-Awdah, as well as some people with no clear links to Islamist activity or obvious history of opposition. The detentions come amid widespread speculation, denied by officials, that King Salman, 81, intends to abdicate in favor of his son, Crown Prince Mohammed, who dominates economic, foreign and domestic policy. There are also growing tensions with Qatar over its alleged support of Islamists, including the Muslim Brotherhood, which is listed by Riyadh as a terrorist organization.  These apparently politically motivated arrests are another sign that Mohammed bin Salman has no real interest in improving his country s record on free speech and the rule of law,  said Sarah Leah Whitson, Middle East director at Human Rights Watch. The New York-based group said the arrests fitted a pattern of human rights violations against peaceful activists and dissidents, including harassment, intimidation, smear campaigns, travel bans, detention and prosecution. Crown Prince Mohammed has rocketed to the pinnacle of power in the kingdom, pushing a reform agenda called Vision 2030 aimed at weaning the country off oil and introducing social reforms. Critics say he is not doing enough to liberalize politics in a country where the king enjoys absolute authority. Amnesty International also denounced the crackdown, urging the authorities to reveal the whereabouts of the detainees and give them access to families and lawyers.  In recent years we cannot recall a week in which so many prominent Saudi Arabian figures have been targeted in such a short space of time,  said Samah Hadid, the group s director of campaigns in the Middle East.  It is clear that the new leadership under Crown Prince Mohammed Bin Salman is sending a chilling message: freedom of expression will not be tolerated, we are coming after you.  A government spokesman did not immediately respond to a request for comment. All public protests are banned in Saudi Arabia, as are political parties. Labor unions are illegal, the media are controlled and criticism of the royal family can lead to prison. Riyadh says it does not have political prisoners, but senior officials have said monitoring of activists is needed to maintain social stability. The al-Saud family has always regarded Islamist groups as the biggest internal threat to its rule over a country in which appeals to religious sentiment cannot be lightly dismissed and an al Qaeda campaign a decade ago killed hundreds. Islamist movements such as the Muslim Brotherhood, which originated in Egypt and briefly held power there after the 2011 Arab Spring, represent an ideological threat to Saudi Arabia s dynastic system of rule. The Brotherhood-inspired Sahwa movement agitated in the 1990s to bring democracy to Saudi Arabia and criticized the ruling family for corruption, social liberalization and working with the West, including allowing U.S. troops into the kingdom during the 1991 Iraq war. The Sahwa were weakened by a mixture of repression and co-optation, but remain active. Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Bahrain and Egypt cut diplomatic and transport links with Qatar in June over its alleged support for Islamists including the Brotherhood   a charge Doha denies. At a mosque in central Riyadh that protest organizers had identified as one of several potential gathering spots, the imam warned worshippers against demonstrating.  All the groups that exist today and call for political action or aspire to rule   they are all misguided, deviant groups headed by the Muslim Brotherhood,  he said. Most people seemed to heed that message, with no demonstrations reported across the kingdom. ",1
19942,Tanzania charges officials with economic sabotage over seized diamonds,"DAR ES SALAAM (Reuters) - Tanzanian prosecutors charged two government officials on Friday with economic sabotage after they were accused of undervaluing an export-bound consignment of diamonds seized from a mine majority owned by London-listed Petra Diamonds. Archard Kalugendo, director of the state-run diamond and gemstone valuation unit, and government gemstone valuer Edward Rweyemamu were jointly charged with being responsible for $1.1 million of lost tax revenue. The court case is the latest twist in a government crackdown on the minerals industry this year, with President John Magufuli accusing the sector of not giving the government a fair share of Tanzania s mineral wealth.  Kalugendo, 49, and Rweyemamu, 50, are both employees of the Ministry of Energy and Minerals. They were not allowed to enter pleas at the Kisutu Resident Magistrate s court in Tanzania s commercial capital, Dar es Salaam. Lawyers said the two officials will enter their pleas when the case is transferred to the high court, which has jurisdiction to hear economic sabotage trials. The accused were denied bail and will be held on remand until the next hearing on Sept. 29. The pair face maximum jail terms of 20 years if found guilty. The diamonds were seized as they were being exported to Antwerp, Belgium, from Tanzania s main airport in Dar es Salaam on Aug. 31. Petra Diamonds said on Monday that it had halted operations at its Williamson mine after the government seized the diamonds and questioned some of its employees. Petra owns 75 percent of the mine, with the Tanzanian government holding the remaining shares. Petra has denied that it under-declares its diamond exports, saying that it follows all government laws and procedures in its business. The government said it will nationalize the diamonds, the value of which it puts at $29.5 million, twice the provisional value approved by the two government officials charged in court. The government has not disclosed how it came to its $29.5 million valuation.  Magufuli had ordered the examination of exports by individual companies after a parliamentary investigation found that the country s diamonds and other precious gemstone exports were under-declared. Mining accounts for about 4 percent of Tanzania s GDP. ",1
19943,Switzerland voters likely to weigh in on facial covering ban,"ZURICH (Reuters) - Switzerland could become the latest country to ban facial coverings worn by some Muslim women after activists collected more than the 100,000 signatures required to put the proposal to a national vote. The group, called  Yes to a Mask Ban  delivered the petition on Friday, setting up a vote by 2020. Some of its leaders also spearheaded the 2009 Swiss ban on new minarets being built in the country. A delegation of leaders from the group delivered three boxes containing 106,600 signatures to the federal chancellery, part of the Swiss parliament building in Bern. Full-face coverings such as niqabs and burqas are a polarizing issue across Europe, with some arguing that they symbolize discrimination against women and should be outlawed. The clothing has already been banned in France.  Facial coverings are a symbol of radical Islam that have nothing to do with religious freedom but are rather an expression of the oppression of women,  said Anian Liebrand, a Swiss campaign leader.  In Switzerland, we show our faces when we talk to each other.  Others contend that bans unnecessarily intrude on religious freedom.  How many people wear these burqas in Switzerland?  said Oender Guene , a spokesman for the Federation Of Islamic Organisations in Switzerland, which represents more than 200 mosques.   You can probably count those living in Switzerland on maybe one or two hands. The rest are usually rich tourists from the Gulf.  Two thirds of Switzerland s 8.4 million residents identify as Christians. But its Muslim population has risen to 5 percent, largely because of immigrants from former Yugoslavia. One Swiss canton, Italian-speaking Ticino, already has a similar ban. At least two demonstrators who wore veils in defiance after the ban came into effect last July paid fines of 250 Swiss francs ($260), Swiss media have reported. The Switzerland-wide initiative foresees parliament deciding on penalties. Though the measure would also forbid protesters from concealing their faces during demonstrations, the main focus has been on burqas. France s ban was upheld in 2014 by the European Court of Human Rights. This year Germany s parliament backed a ban on  full-face veils for civil servants, judges and soldiers, while Austria and the Netherlands have debated the issue. With signatures in hand, leaders of the Swiss initiative expect three years of wrangling in Switzerland s system of direct democracy before voters get the chance to register their view.  Liebrand is optimistic his initiative s path will mirror the progress of the 2009 minaret ban.  The minaret campaign started as underdogs and was something the big parties didn t want,  he said.  But I reckon the facial coverings ban will also resonate with the people.  ",1
19944,Merkel warns Hungary of financial consequences of defying EU on migrants,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Hungary could face financial consequences if it defies a European court ruling ordering it to accept its allocated share of refugees arriving in Europe, German Chancellor Angela Merkel said in a newspaper interview. The remarks suggest a hardening of Germany s line on the right-wing Hungarian government of Viktor Orban, who has been outspoken in his opposition to an agreement that each European Union country should agree to take in a quota of refugees.  Anyone who rejects this solidarity must accept that this will not be without consequences, including for negotiations over future financial support,  Merkel said in the interview with Nordwest Zeitung published on Friday. Merkel s tougher line, which comes a week before parliamentary elections in which the conservative is running for a fourth term as Chancellor, mirrors the position of Martin Schulz, her Social Democratic rival, who has long been a fierce critic of Orban s nativist style. More than 1.5 million migrants and refugees have arrived in Europe since 2015, many fleeing war in the Middle East.  The EU s highest court ruled on Sept. 6 that member states must take in a share of the refugees, dismissing complaints by Slovakia and Hungary and reigniting an east-west row that has shaken the Union s cohesion. A suspension of financial support could have serious fiscal consequences for Hungary, which has prospered on the back of large claims on EU cohesion and development funds. Hungary has been allocated 25 billion euros ($30 billion) in European Structural and Investment funds via a range of programs over the period 2014-2020, according to the European Union website. Orban, who has built border fences and made keeping out migrants a key plank of his re-election campaign for next year, this week announced plans for a  national consultation  on Brussels  plans to distribute asylum-seekers in the EU. ",1
19945,Rohingya grieve after baby dies in border crossing,"SHAH PORIR DWIP, Bangladesh (Reuters) - A crying Rohingya mother in a yellow headscarf cradling her  five-week-old infant son who died after their boat capsized is one of the most powerful Reuters images of Muslim refugees fleeing violence in Myanmar. Hamida, her husband Nasir Ahmed and their two young sons were among 18 refugees on a small fishing boat crossing the Bay of Bengal to the Bangladesh village of Shah Porir Dwip.  As they neared the shore, the boat capsized and they were tossed into the murky water. Reuters photographer Mohammad Ponir Hossain was taking pictures of exhausted refugees on the beach when he heard an autorickshaw driver shouting that a boat had capsized.  I rushed to the spot and found people crying over the dead body of a child,  Ponir said. Click here for a photo essay - reut.rs/2wfJOUr He took a picture of Hamida, cradling the tiny pale body of her child, Abdul Masood. He appears to have died as the survivors scrambled through the crashing waves to shore. Another picture showed the anguish on the face of Nasir Ahmed as he carried his son away from the crowd. The couple s other son survived the accident. Around 400,000 Rohingya have arrived in Bangladesh in less than three weeks and people are still arriving, by land and sea, after attacks by Rohingya militants sparked a fierce counteroffensive by Myanmar s army.  Senior United Nations officials have described the violence as a  textbook example of ethnic cleansing . Hamida s family was among tens of thousands of Rohingya who embarked in a rickety fleet of small wooden fishing boats on the crossing from Myanmar s coast to southern Bangladesh, a journey that can take up to five hours.  They are so desperate that they are risking their lives to escape Myanmar. The pictures show what is going on here,  Ponir said. ",1
19946,Qatar's emir says ready to talk to end Gulf crisis,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Qatar is ready to sit at the negotiating table to try to end a dispute with its Gulf Arab neighbors, Emir Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad al-Thani said on Friday in Berlin. Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Egypt and Bahrain cut diplomatic and trade links with Qatar on June 5, accusing the world s biggest exporter of liquefied natural gas of financing terrorism and cozying up to their arch-rival Iran. Doha denies the charges. Saudi Arabia s Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman spoke by phone with Sheikh Tamim a week ago in what looked like a breakthrough. But Riyadh promptly suspended any dialogue with Doha, accusing it of  distorting facts  in its news agency s report of the interaction.  As you know we have had a siege of more than 100 days against Qatar,  Sheikh Tamim told a joint news conference with German Chancellor Angela Merkel in Berlin.  We spoke about Qatar s readiness to sit at the table to solve this issue.  For her part, Merkel said she was concerned that there was still no solution to the crisis, adding she supported efforts by Kuwait and the United States to mediate an end to the dispute. Sheikh Tamim also said he retained confidence in German firms and will hold on to stakes in Deutsche Bank and Volkswagen. Separately, Qatar s foreign ministry warned its citizens against traveling to Egypt, because it said the authorities there had imposed  security measures  on Qataris entering the country. It did not provide details in a statement. ",1
19947,Spain passes measures to control Catalan finances ahead of independence vote,"MADRID (Reuters) - The Spanish government on Friday passed measures to increase control over how Catalonia spends its money in an effort to stop the regional administration from using state cash to pay for an illegal independence referendum. The wealthy northeastern region launched its official campaign for an independence referendum on Thursday in defiance of Madrid, which has declared the process illegal, and the Constitutional Court, which has suspended the vote. The Catalan authorities could not be trusted to spend the money on public services rather than the planned Oct. 1 vote, Budget Minister Cristobal Montoro said on Friday. The central government will take over the funding of most essential public services in the region, he said.   These measures are to guarantee that not one euro will go toward financing illegal acts,  Montoro said following the weekly cabinet meeting. The increased control on the region s financing would continue for as long as the  exceptional  situation continues, Montoro said. Spain s 17 regions pay taxes to the central government which then redistributes funds back to regional heads for local social security, police and emergency services and education, a system that Catalans claim is weighed against it. Since July, Madrid has obliged the Catalan government to provide weekly spending reports in an attempt to guarantee that public cash is not used to organize the Oct. 1 referendum. On Thursday, Catalan regional Vice President Oriol Junqueras said the arrangement implied  political control  and had nothing to do with budget stability, though Montoro on Friday disagreed, saying the measures were within budget stability rules.  Catalonia, an industrial region with a strong export sector and a thriving tourist destination, produces about a fifth of the country s total economic output but complains it receives a lot less back. Montoro said he would appear before parliament next week to give the full details of the measures which would also include a demand by Madrid that the central government oversees all short-term debt operations by the regional government.  ",1
19948,Spain to control Catalan spending as long as 'exceptional' situation continues,"MADRID (Reuters) - The Spanish government said on Friday it would continue controlling Catalan spending so long as  the exceptional situation  continued, referring to the regional government s plans to hold an independence referendum it says is illegal.  The state will pay to a great extent (civil servants) salaries. That s what the spending control means and that will be in place as long as the exceptional situation continues,  Budget Minister Cristobal Montoro said following the weekly cabinet meeting. ",1
19949,Spain will not rule out exceptional measures over Catalonia,"MADRID (Reuters) - Spain s central government can not rule out taking  exceptional measures  over the region of Catalonia s plans to hold a referendum on independence from the rest of the country, a vote Madrid says is illegal, the spokesman said on Friday.  The government does not rule anything out. We are acting firmly to ensure the rights and liberties of everyone and will react to whatever the secessionists do,  the government spokesman Inigo Mendez de Vigo said. The northeastern region has clashed with the central government in Madrid over its attempts to hold a referendum on whether it should split from the rest of the country. ",1
19950,Crocodile kills British journalist holidaying in Sri Lanka,"COLOMBO (Reuters) - A young British journalist was dragged into a river and killed by a crocodile while holidaying in Sri Lanka, the country s navy said on Friday. Paul McClean, 24, who worked in London for the Financial Times, had been on a surfing holiday in the popular eastern coastal area of Arugambay when the incident occurred on Thursday, the navy said. His body was found on Friday.  The navy was able to recover the body of a foreigner who had been snatched by a crocodile on September 14,  the Sri Lankan navy said in a statement. The BBC quoted an eyewitness as saying local people had heard him screaming for help as he was pulled into the river.  By the time they went to the spot where the croc attacked, they couldn t save him because already the crocodile had pulled him inside the water so they couldn t see what was going on,  it quoted Fawas Lafeer, the owner of a surf school, as saying.  McClean, an Oxford University graduate with a first-class degree in French, joined the FT as a graduate trainee two years ago and worked most recently for the fastFT news service.  The FT s managing editor James Lamont described McClean as  a talented, energetic and dedicated young journalist  who had had  a great career ahead of him  at the newspaper.  Our thoughts are with his family, friends and loved ones,  Lamont said. ",1
19951,"North Korea deepening economic, diplomatic isolation: Mattis","MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Friday that North Korea is deepening its economic and diplomatic isolation with its latest ballistic missile launch, adding the United States was still assessing the new test by Pyongyang.  I believe it will further North Korea s isolation, diplomatic and economic isolation, because more and more nations are realizing there s simply no collaboration (by Pyongyang) with the international community,  Mattis told reporters traveling with him to Mexico City. ",1
19952,Norway foreign minister becomes president of World Economic Forum,"OSLO (Reuters) - Norway s Foreign Minister Boerge Brende has resigned from his position to become president of the World Economic Forum, he told a news conference on Friday Brende will keep his position until mid-October. Before becoming foreign minister in 2013, he was the WEF s managing director in 2008-2009 and 2011-2013 Prime Minister Erna Solberg won re-election on Monday and is in talks to other parties to form a new government.  ",1
19953,Puerto Rico opens arms to refugees from Irma's Caribbean chaos,"SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico (Reuters) - Saddled with economic problems and its own damage from Hurricane Irma, Puerto Rico is taking thousands of refugees from the U.S. Virgin Islands whose homes were destroyed by the storm, with a cruise ship carrying up to 2,000 more due to set sail for the U.S. territory on Wednesday.  Visibly shaken residents from St. Martin and the Virgin Islands arrived on Tuesday on U.S. military aircraft, bringing tales of terrifying winds and a breakdown of law and order.  The people of Puerto Rico - what big hearts you guys got because our (local) government did nothing - nothing,  said William Vonfabrice, 61, from St. John in the U.S. Virgin Islands.  People coming at us with machetes, offering bullets and saying  There is more for you,  breaking into houses, hurting people.  Royal Caribbean s  Majesty of the Seas cruise ship was expected to depart the badly damaged St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands, on Wednesday evening bound for San Juan, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands commissioner of tourism Beverly Nicholson-Doty said. Irma skirted Puerto Rico last week, knocking out power to 70 percent of the island, damaging buildings and killing at least three people, but the destruction was not nearly as bad as elsewhere in the Caribbean. The storm s 185 mph (297 km/h) winds hammered a string of tiny Caribbean islands that are territories of Britain, France, the Netherlands and the United States. Homes, hotels, hospitals, marinas and airports were badly damaged and the extent of the chaos seemed to catch the wealthy nations off guard. Britain s government said local authorities had imposed a curfew on the British Virgin islands, where locals complained of widespread looting and violent crime after Irma. U.K. Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson visited the islands on Wednesday, calling them a  scene of utter devastation  on Twitter as his government announced  25 billion ($33 billion) in extra aid for its territories. The nations all have launched military relief operations but locals and tourists have criticized the response for being too slow and not reaching everybody evenly. Visiting the French Caribbean on Monday, French President Emmanuel Macron promised to quickly rebuild St. Martin, a French territory shared with the Netherlands. British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson met with security officials in Anguilla. Dutch King Willem-Alexander said the destruction he saw in St. Martin was on a scale he  had never seen before.  Charles Morrison, 89, an evacuee from the Dutch part of the island, Sint Maarten, said one person was killed when the hotel he was staying in was flooded and partially destroyed. Morrison then took shelter in a friend s more secure place.  The fact is, that s the end of Sint Maarten,  he said as he was pushed through San Juan s Luis Munoz Marin International Airport in a wheelchair. Puerto Rico has $70 billion in debt, a poverty rate above 46 percent, and near-insolvent pension and health systems, a fact not lost on the arrivals.  God bless Puerto Rico and the hearts because you guys are struggling. And from the hardest struggle, that s where the real people come out,  Vonfabrice said, thanking Puerto Rico for sending food, water and ships to the Virgin Islands. A Puerto Rico government spokeswoman said the financial situation and expected length of stay of the 2,000 refugees due to arrive in San Juan was still unclear, but that expenses would be covered by emergency federal funding.  Puerto Rico has set up a large convention center to house refugees who cannot afford to go to a hotel. Other countries in the region also helped. St. Lucia has agreed to house prisoners from the Turks and Caicos Islands and the British Virgin Islands, after the storm damaged the prisons in those British territories. The Cayman Islands has sent police to help reinforce security in the British Virgin Islands after more than 100 prisoners escaped when the storm breached the prison. Mexico s foreign minister Luis Videgaray instructed his diplomats in the Caribbean to offer unspecified help to Puerto Rico and Cuba even as it seeks to cope with the fallout from a massive earthquake. St. Thomas resident Laci Rivers, 33, was waiting on board the Royal Caribbean s Majesty of the Seas, eager to bring her two small children to safety after days of uncertainty.  Everyone is stressed and hungry and confused,  she said. Rivers said her car was broken into with a hammer, items were stolen from the flattened sushi restaurant where she worked, and she saw fights break out in St. Thomas among increasingly desperate people jostling for food and water. She was under no illusions about what would happen to her home in western St. Thomas.  We ve already realized it s going to be looted while we re gone,  she said. ($1 = 0.7571 pounds) ",1
19954,Deadly riots block mining operations in Guinea bauxite town,"CONAKRY (Reuters) - Unrest over wages and electricity cuts kept the Guinean bauxite mining hub of Boke partially blocked on Friday after a night of gunfire in which witnesses said youths set up roadblocks and burnt tyres. A 17-year-old boy was shot and killed on Thursday, his grandfather said. The West African state s Security forces shot dead another man when they intervened to break up riots on Wednesday. A hospital official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said over 50 people had been injured, including some police.  What is happening in Boke is unfortunate,  government spokesman Damantang Albert Camara said by telephone.  Our approach is to resume dialogue with the protesters and try to...restore calm.  This week s riots are the latest in a series that have gripped Boke this year, spurred by frustration at electricity cuts, pollution and a perceived failure of mining to raise living standards.  The situation remained tense on Friday, although violence appeared to be subsiding.  There was a lot of shooting during the night. This morning the young people are still angry even if some of them are starting to listen to the envoys who came to sensitize them and get them to lift the barricades,  said Boke resident Mamadou Diallo.    Of our three (mining) sites Katougouma, Malapouyah and Dapilong, only Katougouma is partly operational and the other two are blocked because of this difficult situation,  said Frederic Bouzigues, general manager of Societe Miniere de Boke (SMB). SMB is owned by China s Winning Shipping Ltd and Shandong Weiqiao [SDWQP.UL], along with UMS International Ltd and the Guinean state. It is one of two mining companies in Boke that each produce about 15 million tonnes of the aluminum ore bauxite annually. The other company, the Compagnie des Bauxites de Guinee (CBG), did not respond to requests for comment. CBG is 49 percent owned by the Guinean state and the remainder by Alcoa, Rio Tinto Alcan [RIOXXA.UL] and Dadco. Bauxite is the principal ore used in the production of aluminum. ",1
19955,"U.S. wants to see North Korea sanctions bite, no options ruled out","GENEVA (Reuters) - The United States wants to exhaust every diplomatic option on North Korea s nuclear and missile programs, and to see loopholes in the North Korean sanctions regime closed, U.S. disarmament ambassador Robert Wood said on Friday.   Sanctions have not had a real opportunity to bite as hard as we would like them to bite, and that comes from the fact that they have not been fully implemented,  Wood told a news conference in Geneva.  North Korea fired a second missile over Japan far out into the Pacific Ocean on Friday, South Korean and Japanese officials said, deepening tension after Pyongyang s recent test of its sixth and most powerful nuclear bomb. Washington has in the past accused China, North Korea s main trading partner, of failing to apply enough economic pressure to its neighbor. U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said on Tuesday that if China failed to implement the latest U.N. sanctions on North Korea, he would seek new financial sanctions against Beijing. Wood, formally U.S. ambassador to the Geneva-based Conference on Disarmament, said North Korea had exploited  gaping holes  in the sanctions regime to secretly acquire equipment for its ballistic missile and nuclear weapon programs:  We want to close those loopholes.  Asked if war or a U.S. military strike was possible, Wood said:  We are not taking any options off the table but ... we are pursuing the diplomatic track right now.   That s where we are. We want to exhaust all diplomatic options.   The United States wanted to see North Korea further isolated, with more countries breaking off or downgrading relations and cutting off trade. He said China had the same interest as the United States in seeking the denuclearization of the Korean peninsula, and had helped to apply pressure on North Korea by supporting two U.N. Security Council resolutions. But he said there was much more that China could do, and suggested that Beijing s  unique leverage  was only just coming into play.    We re at a real inflection point with regard to China,  Wood said.  In a wide-ranging briefing on U.S. disarmament interests, Wood also reiterated President Donald Trump s view that Iran was not fulfilling the spirit of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, the 2015 deal that allowed Iran sanctions relief in return for curbing its nuclear program.    If you look at what Iran is doing with regard to ballistic missile activity ... when you look at the support it is giving to the Assad regime in Syria, to Hezbollah, to Hamas, their funding and support for the Houthi rebels in Yemen ... Iran is not in any way, we think, fulfilling the aspirations of the JCPOA.  He cited the preface of the JCPOA, which says the signatories anticipate that the agreement will  positively contribute to regional and international peace and security . Trump must decide next month whether Iran is complying with the deal. ",1
19956,Tillerson says North Korea's aggression endangers 'entire world',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Friday that North Korea s continuing missile tests threaten the entire world and stressed the United States was working closely with regional allies Japan and South Korea on the problem.  In East Asia, an increasingly aggressive and isolated regime in North Korea threatens democracies in South Korea, Japan, and more importantly, and more recently, has expanded those threats to the United States, endangering the entire world,  Tillerson said to a gathering of the Community of Democracies.  We first look to our regional allies South Korea and Japan.  By working with them and other democratic partners, we continue to build consensus at the United Nations Security Council to create a united international front that upholds our values and strives to make us safer.  ",1
19957,Turkey releases French journalist detained on Iraqi border,"PARIS (Reuters) - Turkey on Friday released French journalist Loup Bureau who was seized by security forces on the Iraqi border last month, his lawyer said on Friday. Bureau was detained by Turkish border guards in early August after he was found to have photographs and interviews with Kurdish militia fighters among his possessions.   We are pleased to announce the release of journalist #LoupBureau. He will be expelled from Turkey shortly,  lawyer Martin Pradel said via Twitter. French President Emmanuel Macron last month expressed his concerns about Bureau s detention in a telephone call with Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan. The announcement came as French Foreign Affairs Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian concluded a two-day visit to Turkey. Turkey considers the Kurdish YPG militia, with which Bureau is accused of having links, to be an extension of the Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) militant group. The PKK has fought a three-decade insurgency in southeast Turkey and is designated a terrorist organization by Ankara, the United States and the European Union. Bureau s lawyer said a Turkish court had not closed the case.  We must continue to fight,  Pradel said in another tweet. ",1
19958,"Possible Thales, Leonardo role in Franco-Italian ship talks: sources","ROME/PARIS (Reuters) - Italy and France are discussing a ship-building alliance that could lead to partnerships with Europe s second and third biggest defense contractors, Thales and Leonardo, two sources close to the matter said. The idea has emerged as Paris and Rome try to resolve a dispute over a shipyard in Western France which the French government nationalized to block an attempted takeover by Italy s Fincantieri.  France was concerned about job losses at the STX shipyard, the only French site big enough to build aircraft carriers and other large warships.  The two governments hope to resolve the STX shipyard dispute in time for a Sept. 27 summit in Lyon where French President Emmanuel Macron and Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni hope to smooth tensions created by growing French influence over Italian businesses.   Progress has been made toward the possibility of a European civil and military shipbuilding enterprise,  an Italian official with access to the bilateral talks told Reuters.  It s clear that Leonardo, along with Thales, cannot be ignored, even if it is difficult to say now how they will be involved.  A French official familiar with the discussions said Thales and Leonardo could be brought in as partners for Fincantieri and Naval Group, another French shipbuilder and a small shareholder in STX. Thales owns 35 percent of Naval Group. The official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said Thales and Leonardo could become shareholders in a wider equity alliance or merely suppliers, but that there was no Thales-Leonardo deal for now. Thales and Leonardo declined to comment.      A spokesman for Naval Group said,  Naval group has always made clear its desire for an industrial alliance at the European level. Continuing discussions with Fincantieri would allow us to intensify the fruitful cooperation we have and, in time, create a global leader.  He declined to comment on the possibility of widening the alliance to Leonardo and Thales. An Italian government source said the two nations may work over the next 12 months to study valuations and flesh out ideas on the military part of the proposal.  Defence Minister Roberta Pinotti is  worried about possible knock-on effects for Italians defense companies, among which Leonardo is the main one,  the source added. ",1
19959,Two women injured by hammer-wielding attacker in eastern France,"LYON, France (Reuters) - Two women were injured on Friday by an attacker wielding a hammer and shouting Allahu Akbar in the eastern French town of Chalon-sur-Saone in Burgundy, local officials said. The local prosecutor s office said witnesses of the attack in a public park of the town center heard the attacker shout Allahu Akbar while hitting the women, who were taken to hospital but whose life is not in danger. Prosecutors said they were treating the incident as a possible terror attack, but also did not rule out the possibility the attacker was deranged. The attacker was still on the run on Friday afternoon, police said. ",1
19960,Irish PM not optimistic Brexit talks will move onto next stage in October,"CLONMEL, Ireland (Reuters) - Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar on Friday said he was not optimistic that Britain and the European Union will have made enough progress by an October leaders  summit to launch negotiations on the post-Brexit relationship. The EU has said that talks on the future relationship can only start after the other 27 EU governments are satisfied that  sufficient progress  has been made on the terms of Britain s departure.  At this moment in time, I m not optimistic that it will be possible to come to the view in October that we re able to move onto the next phase of talks,  Varadkar told a news conference.  As of now enough progress hasn t been made but that can change.  Irish Foreign Minister Simon Coveney, who was also at the briefing said the EU was unlikely to agree to move to the second phase of the negotiations  unless there is a significant further move from the British government . The summit is taking place on Oct. 19-20. ",1
19961,Trump says to call UK's May on Friday following train blast,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Friday he was preparing to call British Prime Minister Theresa May after a home-made bomb on a London train injured 22 people. Trump, who spoke briefly with reporters before going into the Oval Office, said he had been briefed on the attack, which police called a terror incident, calling it a  terrible thing.  Asked about a Friday morning tweet in which Trump said the U.S. ban on travelers from certain countries should be more  specific,  Trump said:  We have to be tougher and we have to be smarter.  (This story corrects third paragraph to show Trump was referring to the U.S. travel ban in his quote, not the London attack.)  ",1
19962,Britain has identified a suspect in London train bomb: Sky News,"LONDON (Reuters) - British security services have identified a suspect involved in the bombing of a busy commuter train in west London with the help of surveillance footage, Sky News reported, citing security sources.  Security sources say they ve identified a suspect involved in the Parsons Green bombing, with the aid of CCTV footage,  Mark White, a home affairs correspondent for Sky News, said on Twitter.  ",1
19963,Romanian soldier killed in Afghanistan convoy attack,"KABUL/BUCHAREST (Reuters) - A Romanian soldier from a NATO-led mission was killed and two others wounded in Afghanistan on Friday when a vehicle rigged with explosives crashed into their convoy, the Romanian defense ministry said. The soldiers were traveling in a convoy in the Kandahar region, the ministry said in a statement.  Romania, a NATO member since 2004, is contributing more than 620 troops to NATO s Resolute Support mission in Afghanistan which faces attacks from Taliban fighters. The European Union state has lost 29 soldiers on foreign missions, with 180 wounded, the ministry said.  The security situation in Afghanistan remains unstable, with the majority of incidents occurring in eastern and southern provinces,  the statement read.  NATO forces ... remain permanent targets of potential insurgent attacks.   The coalition maintains nearly 13,000 troops from 39 countries, as part of a mission to train, advise and assist Afghan troops. U.S. military commanders in Afghanistan have asked for several thousand additional troops, but the request is stalled in Washington, where Trump has expressed scepticism over extending the American commitment. ",1
19964,UK police arrest suspected knifeman near Birmingham train station: paper,"LONDON (Reuters) - British police arrested a suspected knifeman near Birmingham New Street Station, the Birmingham Mail newspaper reported on its website on Friday. Police did not immediately comment. ",1
19965,Part of West London metro line closed due to earlier bomb,"LONDON (Reuters) - Part of London s busy underground train system was closed on Friday following a bomb attack which police are treating as a terrorist incident. Trains between Wimbledon and Edgware Road in west London on the District line were suspended swiftly after the incident.  A further stretch of the District line between High St Kensington and Edgware Road which had reopened was closed again due to the attack which injured 22 people.  It is related to the Parsons Green incident,  a spokesman for Transport for London said. ",1
19966,"Malaysia identifies victims of religious school fire, amid outrage over safety","KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - Malaysia has identified all 23 people who died in a horrific fire at an Islamic boarding school, an official said on Friday, as calls mounted for tougher regulation after the worst such tragedy in two decades. The fire killed 21 teenage boys and two teachers after it broke out early on Thursday at a  tahfiz  school, where students learned to memorize the Koran.   We hope and pray this will be the last such incident and preventive actions must be in place and be the order of the day,  said Noor Hisham Abdullah, Malaysia s director general of health, adding that DNA tests were used to identify the bodies.    There have been 31 similar fire incidents in the past, Malaysian officials said, but media put the figure higher. Among 1,034 fires in religious schools during the two years to August 2017, 211 schools burned to the ground, the Star daily said, quoting fire department figures. Family members of Mohamad Haikal Abdullah, a 12-year-old who died in the blaze, were furious over reports that the only door to the school s dormitory had caught fire while metal bars on the windows trapped the boys, leaving them unable to escape.  From what we understand, there was only one way out, but they couldn t get through because it was on fire,  said his brother, Faizal Abdullah, as he waited outside a hospital morgue for his sibling s remains to be identified.   How could they have escaped? How could something like this have happened? We want to know.  Fire officials said they found no damage to the electrical wiring of the dormitory, ruling out their earlier suggestion that a short circuit probably caused the blaze. The incident is being investigated as negligence, the fire chief, Wan Mohd Nor Ibrahim, told state news agency Bernama. The school denied a statement by authorities that it had made structural changes without approval from fire officials. Muslim-majority Malaysia offers a secular education system, but growing conservatism has led to a boom in the number of Islamic religious schools, most privately-run and not overseen by education authorities.  Some offer a curriculum similar to secular schools, but with a greater emphasis on Islamic knowledge, while others provide more specialized education. Inadequate regulation and training has led to a slew of safety issues at such schools, including reports of fires, abuse, and student deaths, religious leader Mohamad Asri Zainul Abidin said on social media site Facebook. Some owners had set up schools simply as money-making enterprises or to satisfy their own interests, said Mohamad Asri, the mufti of the northern state of Perlis.  Some low quality schools, in order to save costs, also take in anyone ready to teach, even when they have nothing to do with the subjects they re teaching,  he added. Some religious schools were reluctant to follow government regulations for fear of interference in their administration, said Deputy Prime Minister Ahmad Zahid Hamidi.    Former prime minister Mahathir Mohamad, whose tenure lasted 22 years, said no lessons had been learned in nearly three decades, citing a 1989 tragedy that killed 27 girls at a religious school.   I m sad that this kind of incident happened again,  news portal the Malaysian Insight quoted him as saying after visiting victims  families.  Safety measures are very important. I hope after this, all schools will review (safety measures).   ",1
19967,"Zambian president urges unity as government, opposition prepare for talks","LUSAKA (Reuters) - Zambian President Edgar Lungu on Friday called for unity among political groups ahead of talks between the government and the opposition aimed at reconciliation after a political crisis earlier this year. The leader of the opposition United Party for National Development (UPND), Hakainde Hichilema, was arrested with five others in April and charged with plotting to overthrow the government after his convoy failed to make way for Lungu s motorcade. The case stoked political tensions in Zambia, a major copper producer and seen as one of Africa s more stable and functional democracies, following a bruising election last year. Hichilema was freed from prison in August after the state dropped the charges, to pave the way for dialogue between the two sides following mediation by Commonwealth Secretary-General Patricia Scotland.  Scotland s special envoy Ibrahim Gambari is in Zambia and has separately held talks with Lungu, Hichilema and other opposition leaders. In an address at the opening of the national assembly, Lungu said Zambians could disagree and quarrel but would always remain one.  The factors that unite us are much greater than those that seek to divide us,  he said. Opposition UPND members of parliament, who boycotted Lungu s last address, attended Friday s session, saying their attendance would give confidence to the process of dialogue.  The UPND MPs took this decision in the interest of the country in view of the forthcoming political dialogue,  their spokesman Jack Mwiimbu said in a statement. ",1
19968,Merkel can well imagine a European finance minister,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Friday she could well imagine a European finance minister but stressed that the creation of such a position would have to be underpinned with reforms of substance.  We certainly need to strengthen the governance of the euro zone ... I have nothing against a European finance minister. I can well imagine that,  she told a joint news conference in Berlin with French Prime Minister Edouard Philippe.  But what is important to me is that we underpin the slogans -  economic government  and  European finance minister  and  budget  - with substance.  Merkel added that although monetary policy in the euro zone was harmonized, economic cooperation was still  incoherent.  ",1
19969,Putin and Macron discuss North Korea's missile launch: Kremlin,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin held a phone call with French President Emmanuel Macron and discussed North Korea s latest missile launch, the Kremlin said in a statement on Friday. Both leaders condemned Pyongyang s  provocative  actions, which risk leading to  irreversible consequences , the Kremlin said. They agreed on the need for a diplomatic solution, including through resuming direct talks on North Korea, according to the statement. ",1
19970,Macron enacts public ethics law with a whiff of U.S.-style razzmatazz,"PARIS (Reuters) - President Emmanuel Macron invited cameras into his Elysee Palace office on Friday as he signed into law new legislation, making him the first French president to wield his constitutional power in public view. Social media users were quick to draw parallels between the images on Friday of Macron sat at his ornate desk to sign the documents and U.S. President Donald Trump s love for the media spotlight.  Our Pdt Macron in a very  Trumpian  mood,  wrote one Twitter user. Another said:  Macron pretending to be Donald Trump. Who is that bad news for? Him or us?  said a second user mocking Macron s image-conscious style. The president, who defeated the established parties to enter the Elysee, has already challenged French political conventions, donning a fighter pilot s suit at an air base and seeking a formal role for his wife as First Lady.  On Friday he was enacting legislation to tighten up ethical standards in French politics - one of his main election promises after a campaign race marred by financial scandal.  The law prohibits ministers, national lawmakers and locally elected officials from employing family members, prevents individuals with criminal records from seeking elected office, and refuses parliamentarians the right to hold advisory roles during their mandates. Government spokesman Christophe Castaner said Macron wanted a ceremony befitting of a  historic moment in the relationship between the French and their political class . ",1
19971,Labour and National even in tight New Zealand election race: Roy Morgan poll,"WELLINGTON (Reuters) - Support for New Zealand s opposition Labour Party was neck-and-neck with the National Party, a poll showed, threatening the center-right government s decade-long grip on power.  Backing for Labour had surged 7 points to 39.5 percent, virtually even with National on 40 percent, a Roy Morgan Poll showed on Friday.  The result highlights the unusually tight race to the vote on Sept. 23, with surveys by separate pollsters this week showing both National and Labour in the lead.  The narrow gap between the major parties means the final outcome of the election will be decided by the second string parties   and it is here that Labour has a decisive edge,  Gary Morgan, the pollster s executive chair, said on its website. Labour s possible coalition partner, the Green Party, posted support of 9 percent, putting the pair in a strong position to form a government with the smaller M ori Party, whose support was 2 percent. The nationalist New Zealand First Party dropped 2.75 points to just 6 percent, making it less likely that Labour would need the populist party to form a government. ",1
19972,U.N. chief condemns North Korea missile launch,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.N. Secretary-General Ant nio Guterres condemned North Korea s missile launch over Japan on Friday and said he would discuss the situation at the United Nations General Assembly s gathering next week.  The Secretary-General calls on the DPRK leadership to cease further testing, comply with the relevant Security Council resolutions, and allow space to explore the resumption of sincere dialogue on denuclearization,  Guterres said in a statement, adding that he would discuss it  with all concerned parties in the margins of the upcoming  U.N. General Assembly. (This story corrects first paragraph to make clear Guterres said he will discuss North Korea, not entire U.N.) ",1
19973,UK police making urgent inquiries to find who was behind metro incident,"LONDON (Reuters) - London police said on Friday they were making urgent inquiries to track down who was responsible for an explosion at a metro station, which officers are treating as a  terrorist incident.    Counter Terrorism detectives are making fast-time inquiries to establish who was responsible for the incident at Parsons Green tube station,  London s Metropolitan police tweeted on Friday.  ",1
19974,U.S. majority backs military action vs. North Korea: Gallup poll,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A majority of Americans support military action against North Korea if economic and diplomatic efforts fail, according to a Gallup poll released on Friday amid rising tension over Pyongyang s nuclear weapons program and recent missile launches.  The survey of 1,022 U.S. adults last week found that 58 percent said they would favor military action against North Korea if the United States cannot accomplish its goals by more peaceful means first.  Such support, however, was largely split along political party lines. Among Republicans, 82 percent would back military action compared with 37 percent among Democrats. Among political independents, 56 backed such action.   Half still think the situation can be resolved with sanctions and diplomacy,  and the majority of Americans doubt any U.S. military attack is imminent in the next six months, Gallup said. The poll findings came as North Korea fired another missile that flew over Japan earlier Friday, according to South Korean and Japanese officials.  A majority of Americans appear ready to support military action against that country, at least as a last resort,  Gallup wrote in its report. But, it added  Americans still think North Korea is bluffing.  The findings were a shift from 2003, when it last asked about U.S. support for military action against Pyongyang and 47 percent said they backed it, according to Gallup. Most of the shift was seen among Republicans and independents, it added.   A sharp increase in support among Republicans - possibly mirroring President Donald Trump s promise to respond with  fire and fury  to North Korean leader Kim Jong Un s threats - explains much of this,  Gallup said. In August, Trump warned North Korea it would face  fire and fury  if it threatened the United States. The survey, conducted by telephone interviews between Sept. 6 and Sept. 10, has a sampling error of plus or minus 4 percentage points. ",1
19975,Lack of clear UK stance making Brexit talks tough: French PM,"BERLIN (Reuters) - French Prime Minister Edouard Philippe said during a visit to Berlin on Friday that Britain had still not clearly defined its positions on Brexit and that this was making negotiations with the EU-27 more difficult. Answering questions from an audience in Berlin after a speech on the French government s reform drive, Philippe rejected a suggestion that other European countries were being  tough  on Britain and said it bore blame for difficulties in the talks.  Our aim is not to be tough with the British. What is true is that these are difficult negotiations,  Philippe said.  And they are difficult, they have been made difficult, because the initial positions of British diplomats still need to be clearly defined to a certain extent,  he added, before heading to the chancellery for a meeting with Germany s Angela Merkel. Nearly three months into talks on the terms of Britain s departure from the European Union, the two sides have made little progress on the issues that Brussels wants resolved before talks on a future trading relationship begin. These include expatriate citizens  rights, the Irish border and the bill that London should pay its EU partners to settle existing financial commitments. Philippe said he regretted Britain s decision to leave the EU and, coming from Normandy, felt like he was among cousins when he traveled to the United Kingdom. But he said it was important for the EU-27 and its lead negotiator, Frenchman Michel Barnier, to ensure that the interests of citizens on the continent were protected. For that, the bloc had to stick to its sequencing plan.  It is our responsibility to ensure that the exit is done in an orderly manner,  Philippe said. ",1
19976,Putin discusses North Korean missile test with his security council: agencies,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - President Vladimir Putin has discussed North Korea s latest missile launch with Russia s security council, Russian news agencies reported on Friday.  Participants exchanged their views about the situation on the Korean Peninsula with regard to the new missile launch,  agencies quoted Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov as saying. Pyongyang fired a missile that flew over Japan s northern Hokkaido far out into the Pacific Ocean on Friday, deepening tension after its recent test of its most powerful nuclear bomb. ",1
19977,"Suspected U.S. drone strike targets militants in Pakistan, regional official says","PARACHINAR/PESHAWAR, Pakistan (Reuters) - A suspected U.S. drone strike killed three people in the tribal area of Pakistan near the Afghanistan border on Friday, a senior regional official said, in what Afghan Taliban sources say was an attack targeting a Haqqani network militant. If confirmed, it would be the first U.S. drone strike inside Pakistan since President Donald Trump outlined a new Afghanistan strategy and pushed Islamabad to take greater action against Pakistan-based Haqqani militants who are allied to the Afghan Taliban. Baseer Khan Wazir, the political agent and the most senior administrator in the Kurram Agency region in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas (FATA), said the drone strike took place close to the border with Afghanistan.      Two missiles were dropped on the home of Maulvi Mohib and three people have been killed,  Wazir said. A spokesman for the U.S.-led international force in Kabul had no immediate information on the report but said he would look into it. Two Afghan Taliban sources, speaking on condition of anonymity, said Mohib was affiliated with the Haqqani network.  He remained associated with the Haqqani network but wasn t a prominent figure,  said one senior Taliban member. A second commander confirmed that Mohib was part of the Afghan Taliban:  We don t differentiate the Haqqani network and Taliban. This is just a propaganda of the western media,  he said. U.S. officials in Washington are currently discussing what measures to take if Pakistan continues to turn a blind eye to Haqqani militants operating on its soil. Pakistan denies there are any militant havens inside the nuclear-armed nation. Analysts have been predicting an increase in drone attacks inside Pakistan ever since Trump came into power, but since January there have only been a few. Another option being weighed by Washington, according to U.S. officials, is targeted sanctions against Pakistani officials with links to extremist groups such as the Haqqani network. But Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi told Reuters on Monday that such a move would be counter-productive, hurting both countries  fight against militancy.    ",1
19978,What we know so far about the London train bomb,"LONDON (Reuters) - An improvised explosive device exploded on a packed rush-hour commuter train in London injuring 22 people on Friday in what police said was the fifth terrorism incident in Britain this year. Here is what we know about the incident: Emergency services said they were called to reports of a fire on a train at Parsons Green station in West London at 8.20 a.m. (0720 GMT).  The train was traveling from Wimbledon in south London toward the city center during the morning commuter rush-hour. There were reports in local media that there had been an explosion and people suffered facial burns at 8.40 a.m. At 10.15 a.m., police declared they were treating it as a terrorism-related incident. The London Ambulance service said they had taken 18 people to hospital following the incident, which witnesses say prompted a stampede to leave the train. None of the casualties are suspected to have sustained serious injuries. The National Health Service said others had taken themselves to hospital, bringing the total number treated to 22. London fire brigade said six fire engines, two fire rescue units and about 50 firefighters were in attendance. British Prime Minister Theresa May will chair a meeting of the national security committee at 1.00 pm (1200 GMT).     Britain s top counter-terrorism officer said the blast was the result of an improvised explosive device. Pictures shared on social media showed embers burning from  a white bucket which had been wrapped in a plastic shopping bag. Wires were protruding from the bucket and witnesses described an acrid smell filling the carriages. A former Ministry of Defence Head of Counter-Terrorism told Sky News it  looks a pressure cooker device that has malfunctioned.  The broadcaster also reported that the device did not fully detonate. The Metropolitan Police s counter terrorism unit is leading the investigation into the incident, with support from the British Transport Police.  Mark Rowley of the Metropolitan Police said the intelligence services were supporting the police response. There have been no details or information about any suspects who might be linked to the blast. Rowley would not be drawn on whether the attacker was on the train at the time of the explosion.  It s very much a live investigation, and we re following down the lines of enquiries,  Rowley said. He did not comment when asked if he had any idea who did it. ",1
19979,Russia says North Korea's latest missile launch flouted U.N. resolutions: Ifax,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Russian Foreign Ministry said on Friday that North Korea s latest missile test violated United Nations Security Council resolutions, the Interfax news agency reported. Moscow called on all sides to show restraint, Interfax quoted Maria Zakharova, the foreign ministry s spokeswoman, as saying. Pyongyang fired a missile that flew over Japan s northern Hokkaido far out into the Pacific Ocean on Friday, deepening tension after its recent test of its most powerful nuclear bomb. ",1
19980,Turkey detains main opposition leader's lawyer over coup links,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey detained the main opposition leader s lawyer on Friday for alleged links to the network accused of carrying out last year s failed coup, in a widening government crackdown. Lawyer Celal Celik was a former top court judge who resigned from his post in September 2011 in protest of the rising influence of U.S.-based Muslim cleric Fethullah Gulen s network in the judiciary.  However, Celik had now been detained at his home in the capital Ankara as part of operations targeting the network. Turkey accuses cleric Gulen of orchestrating the abortive putsch in July 2016. Gulen, who has lived in self-imposed exile in the United States since 1999, denies involvement.   What happened today is a disgrace in the name of democracy. The detention decision concerning my lawyer is an eclipse of the mind,  main opposition Republican People s Party (CHP) chairman Kemal Kilicdaroglu was cited as saying by broadcaster CNN Turk. President Tayyip Erdogan and his ruling AK Party have recently adapted a harsher rhetoric against Kilicdaroglu, repeatedly accusing him and the CHP of being linked to Gulen s network and acting together with what it calls the  terrorist organization . Using Erdogan s acronym for the Gulen network, Kilicdaroglu said the government was  supporting the FETO under the banner of a fight against the FETO.       Prime Minister Binali Yildirim told reporters after Friday prayers that Celik s detention was a legal process, and that he hoped  a correct decision  would come from the investigations. CHP Spokesman Bulent Tezcan said the detention was a plot against the party.   Celik had resigned from his judgeship at the court of appeals to battle the FETO when it was at its most powerful. If Calik s home can be raided, then let it be known that every single person faces this threat,  Tezcan said.     More than 50,000 people have been jailed pending trial for alleged ties to Gulen s movement and some 150,000 people, including journalists and opposition figures, have been sacked or suspended from jobs in the public and private sectors for the same reason. Rights groups and Turkey s Western allies have expressed concern about the crackdown and suspect the government has used the coup as a pretext to quash dissent. The government says the purges are necessary due to the gravity of the threats it has faced since the failed putsch, in which more than 240 people were killed. ",1
19981,France condemns latest North Korean missile launch,"PARIS (Reuters) - France on Friday condemned the latest missile launch from North Korea, and reiterated its willingness to work with U.N. Security Council and European Union members to ensure the situation with North Korea did not worsen. North Korea fired a second missile over Japan far out into the Pacific Ocean on Friday, South Korean and Japanese officials said, deepening tensions after Pyongyang s recent test of its sixth and most powerful nuclear bomb.  Faced with this threat, France is ready to work - notably within the U.N. Security Council and the European Union - on strengthening measures that will help to allow the Pyongyang regime realize it has no interest in escalating the situation, and to help bring it back to the negotiating table,  a statement from the French Foreign Ministry said. ",1
19982,London Mayor says police presence to increase after metro explosion,"LONDON (Reuters) - London Mayor Sadiq Khan said Londoners will see more police on the streets of the British capital after an explosion at a metro station, which officers said was a  terrorist incident.    They will see over the course of today and the next few days an enhanced police presence, not simply on the public transport network but also across London,  Khan told LBC Radio.  ",1
19983,"Turkey, Iran and Russia to deploy observers in 'safe zones' around Syria's Idlib: Turkish ministry","ANKARA (Reuters) - Russia, Iran and Turkey have agreed to deploy observers around a de-escalation zone in northern Syria s Idlib region, which is largely controlled by Islamist militants, Turkey s foreign ministry said on Friday. It said the deployment was agreed in talks in Astana.  Observers from these three countries will be deployed at check and observation points in safe zones that form the borders of the de-escalation zone,  the ministry said in a statement.  The main mission of these observers has been defined as the prevention of clashes between the regime and the opposition forces and any violations of the truce . ",1
19984,"Trump denounces attack in London, urges 'proactive' steps","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Friday denounced an attack in London when a blast hit a packed commuter train, and urged authorities and others to take more  proactive  steps such as better policing of internet use by terrorist groups.  Another attack in London by a loser terrorist. These are sick and demented people who were in the sights of Scotland Yard. Must be proactive!  Trump wrote in a post on Twitter.  Loser terrorists must be dealt with in a much tougher manner. The internet is their main recruitment tool which we must cut off & use better!  ",1
19985,"London metro station incident caused by bomb, top UK police officer says","LONDON (Reuters) - British police said a bomb was used during an explosion at a London metro station which injured 18 people in what officers described as a  terrorist incident.   We now assess that this was a detonation of an improvised explosive device,  Britain s top counter-terrorism officer Mark Rowley said on Friday.  London s police is being supported by Britain s MI5 intelligence service, he said. ",1
19986,Key southern Thailand insurgent group says current talks doomed,"(Reuters) - Thailand s junta needs to show greater flexibility in talks with Malay Muslim insurgents to bring on board the main rebel group that is still fighting and end decades of bloodshed, a senior group member told Reuters.  In a rare interview, Pak Fakih of the secretive Barisan Revolusi Nasional (BRN) said the army s current peace talks with other factions were doomed and the government must drop pre-conditions, show greater respect to the separatists and adopt a more open-minded approach.  It is a mistake to think that we do not want to negotiate. We do, but not under the current circumstances,  said Fakih, 67, who said he had been fighting since he was 15 and lost a son in the conflict seven years ago.  More than 6,500 people have been killed since 2004 alone in the insurgency in the south of mostly Buddhist Thailand. A soldier and a policeman were killed on Thursday and 26 people wounded by roadside bombs which followed a new session of talks in Malaysia between the army and other insurgent factions. The BRN never claims or rejects any specific attack and Fakih said that policy would continue. It is widely seen as the group with the greatest control over combatants in the three southern provinces.   Our attacks are confined to the Deep South and are about sending a signal to the Thai government. We never want to cause widespread harm,  said Fakih, who declined to be photographed.  The government say they are fighting ghosts in the south so we want to show them that we exist and we mean business.  The Thai government made no immediate comment. In April, Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha rejected a BRN offer of talks mediated by a neutral third party and said they required no international mediation or observation. The government also sets recognition of Thailand s constitution as a pre-condition - a dealbreaker for the BRN. Until they were annexed in 1909, Thailand s three southernmost provinces of Pattani, Yala and Narathiwat were part of an independent Malay Muslim sultanate. Insurgent groups have long emphasized that their struggle is about identity and not a religious war.  We and the people are like fish and water: inseparable,  Fakih said. The BRN had been part of talks before the army seized power in 2014, but stayed out when negotiations restarted under the army in 2015. Talks have taken place between the government and Mara Patani, an umbrella group claiming to represent all major rebel factions. But Fakih disputed its claim to include BRN members too, saying there were only  former members . He said that the Thai government s policy toward the South was also complicated by different factions in the security forces jockeying for power.  They are fighting for control over the budget in administering the region rather than actually listening to what we have to say,  he said. ",1
19987,British PM May outraged at North Korea's 'reckless provocation': spokesman,"LONDON (Reuters) - Prime Minister Theresa May is  outraged  by North Korea s firing of a missile that flew over northern Japan on Friday and Britain will keep pressing China to increase the pressure on the state, her spokesman said. North Korea fired a missile that flew over Japan s northern Hokkaido far out into the Pacific Ocean, South Korean and Japanese officials said, deepening tension after Pyongyang s recent test of its most powerful nuclear bomb.  The prime minister is outraged by North Korea s continued reckless provocation and she strongly condemns the regime s illegal tests,  the spokesman said.  Our key focus now is continuing to press China to keep up the pressure on North Korea to change course.  ",1
19988,"Eighteen injured in west London incident, none seriously: UK ambulance service","LONDON (Reuters) - Eighteen patients have been taken to hospital after witnesses reported a blast on a commuter train in west London, the city s ambulance service said on Friday, though no-one is suspected to have sustained serious injuries.  We have taken 18 patients to a number of London hospitals. None are thought to be in a serious or life-threatening condition,  London Ambulance said in a tweet. ",1
19989,"Knifeman attacks soldier in Paris subway, terrorism probe opened","PARIS (Reuters) - France opened a counter-terrorism inquiry after a man wielding a knife attacked a soldier in a Paris subway station on Friday, the latest incident targeting troops protecting the capital s transport hubs and tourist sites. Paris and other European capitals are on high alert after a wave of attacks in past years by Islamist militants, many of them inspired by Islamic State. The Paris incident occurred hours before several people were hurt at a London underground station. Witnesses reported a blast which police were treating as a terrorism incident.  The assailant in Paris was wrestled to the ground and arrested. The soldier, part of Operation Sentinel, a force deployed in the wake of lethal Islamist attacks on France, escaped unhurt. Police said the attack happened just before 6.30 a.m. (0430 GMT) as the morning rush hour got under way at the Chatelet subway station, where tens of thousands of commuters converge from Paris s sprawling suburbs every day. Government spokesman Christophe Castaner said the investigation was being handled by counter-terrorism specialists.  A source close to the investigation said the assailant was Moroccan-born and about 40-years-old, with no known criminal background. Police raids at an address linked to the suspect were ongoing, the source added.  There have been more than half a dozen attacks against troops belonging to Operation Sentinel. In early August, a man rammed his car into a group of soldiers on patrol in the wealthy Paris suburb of Levallois-Perret.  France announced on Thursday that the 7,000-strong force was being adapted to make it more mobile and its movements less predictable. Days earlier, Interior Minister Gerard Collomb said security agencies had thwarted several bigger plots this year, including one plan to strike a Paris night club in late August.  Islamist militants have killed more than 230 people in a wave of attacks on French soil since early 2015 and dozens more have been killed in attacks in London, Manchester and Brussels. French war planes have carried out bombing raids against Islamic State strongholds in Syria and Iraq and the militant group has urged its followers to target France.  French media said the Chatelet aggressor shouted references to Islamic State as he attacked the soldier. ",1
19990,Kremlin calls North Korea's latest missile launch another 'provocation',"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Kremlin said on Friday that North Korea s latest missile test was part of a series of unacceptable provocations and that the United Nations Security Council was united in believing such launches should not be taking place.  Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov made the comments to reporters on a conference call after Pyongyang fired a missile that flew over Japan s northern Hokkaido far out into the Pacific Ocean on Friday, deepening tension after its recent test of its most powerful nuclear bomb.  In Russia we are deeply concerned about these provocative launches which are further stoking tensions. Clearly demonstrating that our position is that such launches are unacceptable is the most tangible thing we can do right now,  said Peskov.  Judging by the United Nations  Security Council, that is a unanimous point of view which unites Security Council members.  Peskov also said that President Vladimir Putin was expected to attend the Zapad-2017 military exercises on Monday and would observe the war games from a command center near St Petersburg. The war games have stirred unease in some countries because Russian troops and military hardware will be training inside Belarus, a Russian ally which borders Ukraine as well as NATO member states Poland, Latvia and Lithuania. Peskov said that Putin had held a phone call with French President Emmanuel Macron earlier on Friday. He did not provide further details. ",1
19991,Device used during London metro incident did not fully detonate: Sky News,"LONDON (Reuters) - The device used during an incident at a London metro station on Friday did not fully detonate, Sky News reported, citing unnamed sources. Several people were injured at a London underground station after witnesses reported a blast on a packed rush-hour commuter train which police were treating as a terrorism incident. ",1
19992,Germany condemns latest North Korea missile test in strongest terms,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany said on Friday it condemned North Korea s latest missile test in the strongest terms. North Korea fired a missile that flew over Japan s northern Hokkaido far out into the Pacific Ocean earlier on Friday, South Korean and Japanese officials said, deepening tension after Pyongyang s recent test of its most powerful nuclear bomb.  The government condemns the latest missile test from North Korea in the strongest terms,  a government spokesman told a regular government news conference. ",1
19993,Ukraine's Poroshenko suggests IMF-backed anti-graft court will take time,"KIEV (Reuters) - Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko on Friday said he hoped an anti-corruption chamber would be created next month, but expressed doubt that an independent court as envisaged by the International Monetary Fund could be set up before 2019. Under its $17.5 billion aid-for-reforms program, the IMF wants Ukraine to set up a special court to focus on tackling corruption, which remains entrenched. But Poroshenko said it would take time to establish this kind of institution.  I hope we create an anti-corruption chamber next month and then, if an anti-corruption court would be created in 2019, 2020 - welcome!,  Poroshenko said at the opening of the annual Yalta European Strategy (YES) conference. The proposal of an anti-corruption chamber in existing courts has previously been criticized by reform activists, who say the body would not be sufficiently independent. Poroshenko s comments are at odds with the views of the IMF s first deputy managing director, David Lipton, who visited Kiev this week to meet the authorities and said an anti-corruption court should be a priority.  We certainly agree that the creation of an anti-corruption court is an important next step. We encourage the government to do that,  Lipton was quoted on Friday as telling newspaper Ukrainska Pravda in an interview. Ukraine has received $8.4 billion from the IMF, helping it recover from a two-year recession following the annexation of Crimea by Russia in 2014 and the outbreak of a Russian-backed insurgency in its industrial east. But further disbursements depend in part on the adoption of pension reform, a review of gas prices and the creation of an anti-corruption judicial body. Some of these requirements face stiff opposition from populist lawmakers.  There are risks of going backwards,  Lipton said, referring to Ukraine s progress under the IMF program. He said it was too early to forecast when Ukraine could receive the next tranche of loans.  First, we need to see the reforms that are needed for this review to be implemented.  He said the focus of this review was pension reform and measures to speed up privatization and ensure concrete results in anti-corruption efforts. Fiscal and energy sector policies must remain consistent with the program also. ",1
19994,IMF's Lipton says Ukraine risks going backwards,"KIEV (Reuters) - Ukraine risks reversing progress made under a $17.5 billion aid-for-reforms programme from the International Monetary Fund, IMF first deputy managing director David Lipton was quoted as saying on Friday, urging the government to improve anti-graft efforts.  There are risks of going backwards,  Lipton told online newspaper Ukrainska Pravda in an interview during a visit to Kiev to meet Ukrainian authorities.  We certainly agree that the creation of an anti-corruption court is an important next step. We encourage the government to do that.  ",1
19995,UK PM May will chair meeting of emergency committee after west London incident,"LONDON (Reuters) - Prime Minister Theresa May will chair a meeting of Britain s emergency response committee later on Friday after an incident at a west London tube station, her office said in a statement.  My thoughts are with those injured at Parsons Green and the emergency services who, once again, are responding swiftly and bravely to a suspected terrorist incident,  May said in the statement.  The meeting of COBR, the emergency response committee, will take place at 1200 GMT. ",1
19996,Pakistan's top court rejects challenges to removal of ex-PM Sharif,"ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Pakistan s Supreme Court on Friday rejected petitions seeking a review of its July 28 ruling that disqualified Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif from office, upholding a verdict likely to influence the next general election, due in mid-2018. After an investigation into the Sharif family s wealth, the Supreme Court employed a little-used constitutional provision to rule Sharif unfit to hold office because he did not declare a small source of income, which he has disputed receiving.  The country s top court also disqualified three of Sharif s children, including heir-apparent Maryam and her husband, besides ordering a criminal investigation into the Sharifs and Finance Minister Ishaq Dar, who has stayed in his post. On Friday, a five-judge bench dismissed the petitions filed by the Sharifs and Dar, without specifying reasons.  All the review petitions stand dismissed,  said Asif Saeed Khosa, who headed the bench, which is expected to provide the reasons for its decision next week. It remains unclear, however, whether the Sharifs will be disqualified for a fixed time, perhaps several years, or be barred from office forever. That could have major implications for Nawaz and his daughter Maryam. She is being touted as a future leader of the ruling Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz party, and is likely to run for parliament in the 2018 polls. The ruling party has portrayed the Supreme Court decision as a slap for the electorate in the nuclear-armed nation.  The right to fair trial, which is the right of 210 million people of Pakistan, was not exercised in regard to Nawaz Sharif and his family,  said Anusha Rahman, a government minister. But Fawad Chaudhry, a senior official of the opposition Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) party, called the verdict a  victory of good governance in Pakistan . Sharif s disqualification stems from the Panama Papers leaks in 2016 which appeared to show that his daughter and two sons owned offshore holding companies registered in the British Virgin Islands and used them to buy properties in London. In April, the Supreme Court ruled there was insufficient evidence to remove Sharif from office - by a split 2-3 verdict - over the Panama revelations but it ordered further investigations into his family s wealth. The judges in July said Sharif did not declare a monthly salary, equivalent to $2,722, from a company owned by his son when the veteran leader, who had held power twice in the 1990s, become prime minister for the third time. Sharif has kept a grip on the ruling PML-N party, which has a solid majority in parliament, and elected one of his loyalists, Shahid Khaqan Abbasi, as his replacement within days of the court decision. ",1
19997,British police say 'terrorist incident' at London metro station,"LONDON (Reuters) - British police said on Friday that they were treating as a  terrorist incident  reports of a blast at a west London metro station.  Armed police rushed to reports of a fire on a train at a London underground station with local media reporting there had been an explosion on a packed rush-hour commuter train.  Deputy Assistant Commissioner Neil Basu, the senior national coordinator for CT policing, has declared it a terrorist incident,  the Metropolitan Police said in a statement on Friday.  ",1
19998,Risk of Afghan civilian casualties could damp support for U.S. strikes on militants,"KABUL (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump s plans to step up air strikes on Islamist militants in Afghanistan risk increasing civilian casualties and stirring resentment, despite an initial welcome by Afghan officials and international allies. Afghan President Ashraf Ghani has avoided vocal criticisms of errant air strikes, but in previous years they sparked intense friction and soured ties between his predecessor, Hamid Karzai, and the international coalition in Afghanistan. With the U.S. set to resume a more active role in the war, many analysts expect a rise in the U.N.-documented first-half figure of 232 civilian casualties from international and Afghan air operations, a spike of 43 percent from a year earlier.   The issue about air strikes is part of a broader package of concerns,  said one Western official.  I don t hear Western diplomats saying,  How many bombs should we drop?  I hear them saying,  Why are we bombing? What are we doing here, in general?  During the 16 years since a U.S.-led campaign toppled the Taliban from power in 2001, resentment has repeatedly been fueled by coalition missteps that undermined hard-won progress on the political or military fronts.  The exact contours of Trump s plan remain uncertain, but officials of several coalition nations told Reuters they feared more civilians could be harmed, despite avoiding the subject in public remarks. Additional airstrikes can be a double-edged sword for leaders looking to stem Taliban offensives, said Christopher Kolenda, a former U.S. Army officer who served in Afghanistan and worked on American military strategies for the conflict.  Better air support for Afghan forces on the ground will limit gains Taliban can make, and that s helpful in negotiations,  he said.  The downside is if this creates a rise in civilian casualties, then you run a high risk of creating a cascade of negative perceptions among Afghans.  There is no question Ghani cares deeply about protecting Afghan civilians, Kolenda added, but domestic political challenges and future elections make it inevitable that he will have to address any rise in civilian casualties. By the government s count, civilian casualties have dropped in recent years, a spokesman for Ghani said.  The Afghan government and its international partners  main aim is to provide a secure environment for its people,  Shah Hussain Murtazawi told Reuters, adding that Afghan forces coordinate with foreign troops to protect non-combatants.  Even as overall civilian casualties by pro-government forces dropped this year, casualties from aerial operations spiked 43 percent in the year s first half, the United Nations says. In the first six months, the U.N. recorded 29 civilian deaths and 85 injuries from Afghan air force strikes, and 54 deaths and 31 injuries in strikes by international warplanes. The prospects of more air strikes provoked mixed feelings in areas hardest hit, where many leaders fear attacks by Taliban or Islamic State, but also worry about the threat to residents.  Air strikes will not bring long-term security,  said Abdul Jabbar Qahraman, a lawmaker from the restive southern province of Helmand.  They can defeat enemies when Afghan forces are under a huge attack, but they can also promote hatred between locals and government.  In the eastern province of Nangarhar, where Islamic State made its greatest gains before being targeted by joint Afghan-U.S. offensives, the governor s spokesman, Attaullah Khogyani, agreed.  Air strikes are important and helpful in many situations, but if they cause civilian casualties repeatedly that may hurt government legitimacy.  U.S. Air Force aircraft dropped 503 weapons in August, in the most monthly air strikes since August 2012. American warplanes are also more likely to launch air strikes this year, with the Air Force dropping weapons during one of roughly every four close air support sorties, up from one in every eight last year, and one in every 14 in 2015. International advisers have also pushed the Afghan Air Force to take a greater role in the air war, boosting the number of civilians killed or injured by Afghan bombs and rockets. Pressure will probably grow for Ghani to ensure the Afghan forces take measures to protect civilians, Kolenda added.  Civilian casualties is one of many problems that is damaging the legitimacy of the government,  he said. ",1
19999,UK's May 'receiving regular updates' on London tube station incident: PM's office,"LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May is being regularly briefed after armed police rushed to an incident at a London underground station on Friday, with local media reporting there had been an explosion on a packed rush-hour commuter train.  The prime minister is receiving regular updates,  a spokesman from May s office said when asked if May was aware of the incident. ",1
20000,"UK transport police leading investigation of London incident, counter-terrorism police aware","LONDON (Reuters) - British counter-terrorism police were monitoring events after media reports of a blast on a train in Parsons Green station in west London on Friday, but the investigation into the incident is being led by transport police, a security source said. Armed police rushed to an incident at a London underground station on Friday with local media reporting there had been an explosion on a packed rush-hour commuter train. Counter-terrorism officers were on the scene of the incident.  ",1
20001,Pacific nations crack down on North Korean ships as Fiji probes more than 20 vessels,"WELLINGTON (Reuters) - South Pacific island nations are scouring shipping records for vessels with links to North Korea after Fiji said it had identified 20 falsely flagged ships it suspects the isolated regime is using to evade United Nations sanctions. Fiji, along with Interpol and the Singapore-based regional shipping regulator Tokyo MoU, are investigating the vessels for links to North Korea, a spokesman for the country s Maritime Safety Authority (MSAF) told Reuters on Friday. Interpol and Tokyo MoU did not immediately respond to requests for comment on their investigations. The 18 members of the Pacific Islands Forum this month agreed to launch an audit of every ship registered in the Pacific to search for any links to North Korea. New Zealand Foreign Affairs Minister Gerry Brownlee said Pacific countries, including his own, were concerned North Korea was using falsely flagged cargo ships as one avenue to trade goods in spite of sanctions.  What we do know is that declared North Korean GDP (gross domestic product) is not big enough to support the nuclear program that they re running so there has to be significant black market or offbook revenue going into the country,  Brownlee told Reuters in a phone interview this week. The move came as the UN on Monday ramped up sanctions on North Korea, including tightening up oversight of vessels on the high seas. Authorities will now be allowed to check suspected vessels for prohibited cargo with the authority of the flag country.  UN sanctions introduced in August banned North Korean exports of seafood as part of efforts to curtail the regime s access to foreign funds. North Korea had been expected to earn an estimated $295 million from seafood in 2017, one U.N. diplomat said. In Fiji s case, the North Korean-linked ships had adopted the island nation s flag without formally registering, the MSAF said. It was not known in what way the possibly more-than 20 vessels were linked to North Korea or what their suspected activities or locations were. The MSAF declined to provide details due to the ongoing investigation. In addition to the fraudulent use of flags, Pacific governments were concerned North Korean vessels could be quietly registering in nations that allow international ships to use their flags.     If it s not clear why they re on that register, in other words, they re not regular callers into Pacific ports, then further investigation is needed to untangle the ship owner,  said Brownlee. The review would take place over the next couple of months, Brownlee said, and Australia and New Zealand would provide intelligence to help the small island nations check any North Korean connections. ",1
20002,Three suspected al Qaeda militants killed in Yemen drone strike,"ADEN, Yemen (Reuters) - Three suspected al Qaeda militants were killed in a drone strike in southern Yemen late on Thursday, a local security official and residents said. The strike in Mudiyah district in Abyan province on the Arabian Sea coast had targeted a motorcycle which the suspected militants were riding, the official said. Abyan is one of several provinces in central and southern Yemen where Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) and its local affiliate Ansar al-Sharia operate. AQAP has taken advantage of a more than two-year civil war between the Iran-aligned Houthi group and President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi s Saudi-backed government to strengthen its position in the impoverished country. The United States has repeatedly attacked AQAP with aircraft and unmanned drones in what U.S. officials say is a campaign to wear down the group s ability to coordinate attacks abroad. The Saudi-led coalition supporting Hadi has also launched thousands of air strikes against the Houthis which control Yemen s capital and much of the country s north. The Houthis have in turn fired rockets towards Saudi cities and villages. They say their attacks are in response to Saudi strikes on Yemeni cities and villages. The coalition spokesman said on Thursday that a Saudi pilot had died a day earlier when his plane crashed in the southern province of Abyan due to  technical failure , the Saudi news agency SPA said. The war has killed more than 10,000 people. ",1
20003,Chinese academics prod Beijing to consider North Korea contingencies,"BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese academics are publicly broaching the idea that China and the United States should share plans on how to deal with a  potential conflict on the Korean Peninsula, a sign some say of how North Korea s weapons test may be making Beijing more open to the once taboo subject. Chinese officials have rebuffed top U.S. military brass for years in their efforts to share contingencies for war or regime collapse in Pyongyang, suspicious over Washington s intentions and fearful that such engagement could further alienate North Korea, their once steadfast wartime ally. Jia Qingguo, the dean of the School of International Studies at China s elite Peking University and a respected advisor to Chinese leaders, said in an article this week that with the chances of war increasing daily, it might be time for China to  prepare for the worst .  When war becomes a real possibility, China must be prepared. And, with this in mind, China must be more willing to consider talks with concerned countries on contingency plans,  Jia wrote in an article first published on the online East Asia Forum run out of Australian National University. Given recent developments,  Beijing may have no better choice than to start talking with Washington and Seoul , Jia said. Ties between China and North Korea have deteriorated sharply in recent years, to the point some diplomats and experts fear Beijing may become, like Washington, a target of its neighbor s ire. Jia s comments, at the forefront of what is still a sensitive debate in China, were made before North Korea on Friday fired a missile that flew over Japan s northern Hokkaido far out into the Pacific Ocean.  That test came after the U.N. Security Council s latest round of sanctions on Monday banning North Korea s textile exports and capping fuel supplies in response to Pyongyang s accelerated effort to target the United States with a powerful, nuclear-tipped missile. Xie Tao, associate dean at the School of English and International Studies at Beijing Foreign Studies University, said Chinese academics in years past would typically only express their opinions on whether China should be sharing plans with Washington behind closed doors.  Now you can get all sorts of people from the left and right and they are allowed to make their views public,  Xie told Reuters.  You could interpret that as a signal that the Chinese government is perhaps willing now to consider, if not actually join up to, contingency plans,  Xie said.  My sense is that there must be some in-depth discussion about what could potentially happen if there is a collapse or internal chaos   how Beijing and Washington should respond to this.  During a trip to China in August, Joseph Dunford, Chairman of the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff, attended Chinese military drills at China s Northern Theater Command in the city of Shenyang, which covers China s border with North Korea.  Some analysts perceived that as China opening a crack in the door to its own preparations, but neither side are showing their cards to the public. Dunford said in Beijing during that visit that despite Washington s urgings the  conditions aren t set for such a detailed conversation  between the two militaries.  U.S. military officials have privately voiced frustration that previous channels established for direct military communications line are essentially unstaffed on the Chinese side. Dunford said creating a round-the-clock  responsive  communications link that could be used in a crisis was a top priority for military ties.  For a graphic on North Korea's missile and nuclear tests, click: here ",1
20004,Flames raced along train at west London station: eye witness,"LONDON (Reuters) - Flames engulfed one carriage and raced along a train on a west London route to Parsons Green, forcing passengers to trample others as they rushed for an exit, an eyewitness told Reuters. The man said people were trampled on when they fled the train after hearing a whoosh and seeing flames race towards them. He said he did not hear a bang after police rushed to an incident at the station at Parsons Green.  I just heard a kind of whoosh. I looked up and saw the whole carriage engulfed in flames making its way towards me,  he told Reuters, adding that the train was packed with people. ",1
20005,London police advise people to avoid area near station incident,"LONDON (Reuters) - British police on Friday advised people to avoid the area near Parsons Green, a west London underground station, after media reports of a blast on a train.  Officers from the Metropolitan Police Service and British Transport Police are in attendance along with the London Fire Brigade and London Ambulance Service,  London s police said in a statement.  We would advise people to avoid the area.   ",1
20006,London ambulance service sends hazardous area response team to station incident,"LONDON (Reuters) - London s ambulance service said on Friday it had sent its hazardous area response team to an incident at a west London metro station after reports of a blast.  We have sent multiple resources to the scene including single responders in cars, ambulance crews, incident response officers and our hazardous area response team,  the London Ambulance Service said on Twitter.  Our initial priority is to assess the level and nature of injuries.   London s transport authority said it had extended a suspension of the underground line which runs through Parsons Green metro station in west London. ",1
20007,Witness says injured in stampede at London station: Reuters reporter,"LONDON (Reuters) - A woman at London s Parsons Green underground train station told Reuters on Friday she was injured in a stampede.  Armed police were at the scene, a Reuters photographer said.  A blast on an underground train at Parsons Green left some passengers with facial burns at the station, London s Metro newspaper reported on its website. ",1
20008,UK says world will stand together against North Korea after missile launch,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain said on Friday the world would stand together against North Korea after the country fired a missile that flew over Japan into the Pacific Ocean, ratcheting up tensions after Pyongyang s test of a powerful nuclear bomb.  Yet another illegal missile launch by North Korea,  Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson tweeted.  UK and international community will stand together in the face of these provocations.  ",1
20009,"China urges peaceful, diplomatic resolution to North Korea tensions","BEIJING (Reuters) - China s Foreign Ministry said on Friday that it opposed North Korea s use of ballistic missiles in violation of United Nations Security Council resolutions. The emphasis on curbing North Korea s missile and nuclear capabilities should not come at the expense of pushing for a peaceful and diplomatic resolution, ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said after North Korea fired a missile that flew over Japan s northern Hokkaido island far out into the Pacific Ocean. Hua said China had made enormous sacrifices to implement United Nations Security Council resolutions and that its sincerity could not be doubted.  ",1
20010,Swedish PM survives vote of no-confidence,"STOCKHOLM (Reuters) - Swedish Prime Minister Stefan Lofven easily survived a parliamentary vote of no confidence brought on Friday by the anti-immigration Sweden Democrats over a botched IT outsourcing project that may have led to the leak of sensitive information. Only 43 of the parliament s 349 members supported the motion. Had Lofven lost, the government would have resigned, just a year before a general election. Two ministers have resigned over the potential leak of sensitive data as a result of a deal under which IBM Sweden took over some IT functions of the Swedish Transport Agency. During the last 37 years, only eight votes of no-confidence have been tabled in parliament. None has been successful. ",1
20011,Russia's Lavrov and U.S. Tillerson discuss Syria: Russia,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov held a phone call on the Syria crisis with his American counterpart Rex Tillerson, the ministry said in a statement on Friday. Lavrov and Tillerson spoke late on Thursday and discussed cooperation in their attempts to resolve the Syrian crisis with an emphasis on de-escalation zones, the ministry said. ",1
20012,Peru's Congress ousts cabinet as political crisis deepens,"LIMA (Reuters) - Peru s opposition-controlled Congress ousted center-right President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski s cabinet in a vote of no-confidence early on Friday, pitching the copper-producing Andean country into its worst political crisis in years. In a gamble that will likely force him to scrap his plans to travel abroad later in the day, Kuczynski had dared Congress on Wednesday to revoke its confidence in his cabinet if it insisted on forcing out his second education minister. Under Peru s constitution, if Congress does not deliver a president a vote of confidence for his cabinets twice, the president can summon new legislative elections. But the rightwing populist opposition party Popular Force, led by Kuczynski s defeated electoral rival, Keiko Fujimori, answered Prime Minister Fernando Zavala s request on Thursday to back his cabinet with a resounding  no.  Peru s single-chamber Congress, where Popular Force has an absolute majority, voted 77-22 to dismiss Zavala s cabinet. Kuczynski now has 72 hours to swear in a new cabinet. While he cannot name Zavala as prime minister again, Kuczynski can reappoint other ministers in his cabinet. Going forward, Kuczynski might have a freer hand to govern in the remaining four years of his term if the opposition steers clear of a fresh confrontation out of fear of losing its majority. But several opposition lawmakers said they would welcome taking the battle to the ballot box.  If they close Congress, we re not afraid,  said Hector Becerril, a hard-line Popular Force lawmaker.  We re willing to seek the people s support again. And it won t be 13 seats we win, or 73. There ll be 100 of us!  The vote came on the eve of Kuczynski s 8-day trip abroad, which includes plans for dinner with U.S. President Donald Trump on Monday, a speech before the U.N. General Assembly on Tuesday and a meeting with Pope Francis in the Vatican. Kuczynski, a 78-year-old former Wall Street banker who has vowed to modernize Peru and revive economic growth, took office a year ago with one of the weakest mandates of any president, having beat Fujimori by a razor-thin margin while his party only secured a small portion of seats in Congress. In a plenary debate that stretched on for more than seven hours, opposition lawmakers portrayed Kuczynski as an out-of-touch lobbyist who lacks authority and poses a danger to Peru. Congress has forced Kuczynski s former education and finance ministers to resign amid allegations of ethical breaches, while a third minister quit to avoid being censured. Popular Force announced this week that it planned to propose censuring Education Minister Marilu Martens over her handling of a teachers  2-month strike, which her supporters alleged was fueled by an alliance between Popular Force and extremists.  We can t deliver the head of a minister as a trophy,  Zavala told lawmakers after walking to Congress with the rest of the cabinet in a show of union.  It s clear to us that the country can t make progress like this.  ",1
20013,Taiwan jails mainland Chinese man on national security charge,"TAIPEI (Reuters) - A Taiwan court on Friday jailed a mainland Chinese man for 14 months for breaching national security laws, following months of strained relations over China s detention of a national from the self-ruled island. China, which sees Taiwan as a wayward province to be taken back by force, if necessary, severed official communications last year to pressure President Tsai Ing-wen, whose party traditionally favors independence, to concede its position.  Zhou Hongxu, formerly a student in Taiwan, was charged for seeking to arrange meetings between a Taiwan government official and a Chinese Communist party official outside Taiwan, in return for payment to the Taiwan official, a court document showed. Zhou  intentionally  jeopardized national security, though the attempt was unsuccessful, the court said in the document released after the verdict.    Zhou, who had met the Chinese official at a 2014 event in  Shanghai in 2014, did not plead guilty, his lawyer said, despite a confession during the trial that he later described as having  been made in improper circumstances.  He appeared in court on Friday in a calm mood and dressed in dark colors.  The court reduced his sentence, taking into account his confession, and the failure of the bid to breach national security, it said in its statement. On Monday, a Taiwanese activist, Li Ming-che, confessed in a Chinese court to attempting to subvert the Beijing government,  videos of his hearing released by Chinese authorities showed, although his wife refused to recognize the court s authority. Li, a community college teacher known for his pro-democracy and rights activism, had gone missing on a trip to mainland China in March. ",1
20014,"Philippines orders retraining, reassignment of 1,200 police after alleged abuses","MANILA (Reuters) - The Philippine capital s police chief ordered that the entire 1,200-member police force in one of Manila s biggest areas be relieved of duty and retrained on Friday in response to a series of controversies, including the killing of two teenagers. Metro Manila s top officer Oscar Albayalde said all police personnel in the Caloocan area of the capital would undergo retraining and reorientation before being reassigned to other police units, not necessarily in Manila.  We will start with the city s police precincts 2 and 7,  Albayalde said. All personnel in Caloocan s headquarters and seven precincts would be temporarily replaced by the regional public safety battalion, a combat-trained unit.  This will be done in batches,  he said. Albayalde did not say how long the retraining would last and how long it would take for the entire police force in Caloocan to be replaced. It is the first time an entire city police unit has been relieved of its duties since President Rodrigo Duterte unleashed his bloody crackdown against illegal drugs 15 months ago, a campaign that has killed thousands of Filipinos. The move comes amid intense scrutiny of police activities in Caloocan in the wake of the killing of 17-year old Kian Loyd Delos Santos last month in what police said was an anti-drugs operation. His lawyers and family say he was murdered in cold blood. Three officers involved in his killing say he fired at them and they acted in self-defense. Duterte, known for his frequent speeches that call for drug dealers to be killed, ordered a thorough investigation into the Delos Santos killing and warned police he would not tolerate abuses. Another teenager, Carl Arnaiz, suffered a similar fate, accused of trying to rob a taxi driver and shooting at police who tried to arrest him. The taxi driver told reporters on Sunday he saw him alive in custody. About two dozen Caloocan residents, holding placards saying  Stop the Killings , held a noisy protest outside the precinct s police headquarters. Dozens of police trainees stood in front and watched the protest. Friday s order came only a day after Philippine media reported members of the Caloocan precinct 4 raided an elderly woman s home and reportedly stole money in an incident captured on closed circuit television cameras. Reuters could not confirm the report independently. Activists accuse police of executing suspected users and dealers systematically during anti-drugs operations and say official reports that say victims violently resisted arrest are implausible, and contrary to witness accounts. Police reject those allegations and Duterte has been furious at critics and political opponents who say he has a  kill policy . The video of the alleged robbery was uploaded on social media sites and went viral, which angered senior police generals. Albayalde immediately issued the orders to relieve the Caloocan precincts.  From what we have seen this has been done or will continue to be done by others so it is best to implement this preemptive measure to avoid similar incidents,  Albayalde told reporters. He warned other districts in Manila could face similar sanctions if they did not shape up. ",1
20015,South Korea's Moon says North Korea provocations will result in more isolation,"SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korean President Moon Jae-in said on Friday North Korea s latest launch of a missile over Japan will only result in further diplomatic and economic isolation for the North, and officials said Moon had also warned of possible new threats.  President Moon ordered officials to closely analyze and prepare for new possible North Korean threats like EMP (electro-magnetic pulse) and biochemical attacks,  Moon s spokesman Park Su-hyun told a briefing. North Korea said earlier this month it was developing a hydrogen bomb that can carry out an EMP attack. Experts disagree on whether the North would have the capability to mount such an attack, which would involve setting off a bomb in the atmosphere that could cause major damage to power grids and other infrastructure. ",1
20016,Cambodia PM calls on U.S. to withdraw Peace Corps volunteers,"PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen called on the United States on Friday to withdraw Peace Corps volunteers in an escalating row over accusations that U.S. agents conspired with an opposition leader to plot treason. Hun Sen was responding after the U.S. embassy in Phnom Penh issued a travel warning that urged citizens to show caution amid  anti-American rhetoric by officials .  Are you scaring Cambodians?  Hun Sen said of the United States in an address to garment workers at factories which export much of their production to the United States.  Are you prepared to invade Cambodia and that s why you told Americans to be careful? It s good if you pull out the Peace Corps,  Hun Sen said. The U.S. embassy declined to comment. It has previously dismissed the accusations of collusion with opposition leader Kem Sokha and called for his release. On Friday, the embassy was swearing in 71 new volunteers from the Peace Corps, which sends Americans abroad to help with local projects with the stated goal of promoting mutual understanding. Hun Sen said on Friday that he had ordered an investigation into whether any Americans were involved with Kem Sokha. Opponents of Hun Sen accuse him of arresting Cambodia National Rescue Party (CNRP) leader Kem Sokha and cracking down on independent media and other critics ahead of a general election next year. The evidence presented against Kem Sokha is a video recorded in 2013 in which he discusses a strategy to win power with the help of unspecified Americans. Hun Sen, a close ally of China, has taken a series of measures against U.S. interests this year from ending joint military exercises to expelling a naval aid unit to forcing a U.S.-funded pro-democracy group to leave. On Thursday, Hun Sen said he was suspending cooperation with Washington to find the remains of Americans killed in the Vietnam War. According to the U.S Embassy, more than 500 Peace Corps volunteers have served and worked in Cambodia since 2006, providing English teaching and teacher training as well as community health education.  U.S. President John F. Kennedy established the Peace Corps in 1961 to promote world peace and friendship. ",1
20017,Australia to move 200 asylum seekers to new PNG detention center,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - Approximately two hundred men held in a remote Australian-run detention center will be moved to a new facility within weeks, the country s immigration minister said. Peter Dutton, Australia s immigration minister, said those men who have their refugee applications denied, ruling them ineligible for resettlement to the United States, and who are from countries such as Iran which precludes forced deportations, will be transferred to a new detention facility within Papua New Guinea (PNG) after Oct. 31.  Those people, who total about 200, who have been found not to be refugees are to be moved into an alternative place of detention away from the regional processing center,  Dutton told Australia s parliament. Dutton s comments mark the first insight into how Australia plans to manage the end of its policy of detaining asylum seekers in PNG, where 800 men are held, many of whom for four years. Canberra s hardline immigration policy requires asylum seekers intercepted at sea trying to reach Australia to be sent for processing at camps on PNG s Manus Island and on Nauru. They are told they will never be settled in Australia. Question marks remain, however, about the fate of the remaining men on Manus as a refugee swap deal with the United States stalls. Former U.S. President Barack Obama late last year agreed to resettle up to 1,250 asylum seekers held in Australian immigration centers in PNG and Nauru. In exchange, Australia agreed to take Central American refugees. Australia had hoped the men would have been resettled by Oct. 31 but with the swap deal stalling under President Trump after the U.S. hit it annual intake cap, Canberra is left seeking a solution. Australia s security contract with Spanish company Ferrovial SA will expire on Oct. 31, forcing the closure of the camp that has been subject to violence from locals.  PNG officials have sought to transfer the men to a transit center nearby but nearly all, citing fears of violence, have refused despite threats that it may rule them out of U.S. resettlement.  We are not willing to move from the center unless we are leaving for a country that is safe,  said one, who declined to be identified because of the fear it would jeopardize his application for U.S. resettlement. ",1
20018,Japan PM says U.N. sanctions on North Korea must be firmly imposed,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said on Friday that United Nations sanctions on North Korea needed to be firmly imposed. Abe, speaking to reporters, said that the international community must send a clear message to North Korea over its provocative actions. North Korea fired a missile on Friday that flew over Japan s northern Hokkaido far out into the Pacific Ocean, South Korean and Japanese officials said, further ratcheting up tensions after Pyongyang s recent test of a powerful nuclear bomb. ",1
20019,Brazil's Temer faces new graft charges over JBS testimony,"BRASILIA (Reuters) - Brazilian President Michel Temer was charged with obstruction of justice and racketeering on Thursday, according to a statement posted on the prosecutor general s office website, threatening to delay the government s economic reform agenda in Congress.    It is the second set of criminal charges filed against the president based on the plea-bargain testimony of the owners of the world s largest meatpacker, JBS SA. They accused Temer of taking bribes in return for political favors and of conspiring to buy the silence of a witness who could implicate the leader.  In a statement on Thursday, Temer strongly rejected all allegations of wrongdoing.  Temer s earlier corruption charge, that he took bribes from JBS officials, was blocked in August by Temer s allies in the lower house of Congress, which has the power to decide whether a president should stand trial by the Supreme Court. Despite the lower house s move to block the charges, they remain valid and can be pursued by prosecutors once Temer leaves office. His term ends on Jan. 1, 2019. Brazil s top public prosecutor Rodrigo Janot has also filed charges against Joesley Batista, the billionaire former chairman of JBS who implicated Temer. Batista was arrested on Sunday for concealing other crimes in his plea bargain deal. Batista s lawyer Antonio Carlos Kakay rejected the charges brought by Janot, arguing in a statement that the prosecutor had violated the rules of plea bargains by using his client s testimony to incriminate him. On Wednesday, Batista s brother Wesley, the chief executive officer of JBS SA, was also arrested for alleged insider trading to avoid hefty losses related to the May plea deal. Late on Thursday, Supreme Court Justice Edson Fachin converted Joesley and executive Ricardo Saud s temporary detentions into preventative detention and gave them 10 days to respond before ruling on Janot s request to withdraw their plea deal.   The arrests of the Batista brothers have improved Temer s prospects of surviving the new charges and serving out his term through 2018. Temer and his allies expect the new charges to be voted in the lower house next month with wider support than he obtained in the 263-227 vote last month blocking a trial. Fachin heeded a request from Temer s defense not to deliver the accusation to the lower house until after a supreme court plenary vote on the matter. The vote should be held before Wednesday. The allegations are part of Brazil s sprawling corruption probes that have resulted in ex-President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva s conviction and four pending trials; investigations and charges implicating three former presidents and dozens of members of Congress; and guilty verdicts against well over 100 powerful business and political figures.      Most of the schemes involve political kickbacks in return for contracts at government-run enterprises or cheap loans from Brazil s state development bank.     The racketeering charge against Temer was based on the plea bargain testimony of L cio Funaro, a businessman who accused the president and his closest aides in the ruling PMDB party of operating a criminal organization to collect bribes in exchange for political influence.     The obstruction of justice charge was based on testimony by Joesley Batista that Temer endorsed payments of hush money to try to keep Funaro from talking.     A short legislative agenda ahead of an election year, the absence of public pressure to oust Temer and the lack of any convincing replacement for him are also likely to weigh in the president s favor.      Given the short timetable, the general public apathy and lack of a viable alternative, it is quite possible that Brasilia will continue to punt this down the road,  said Matthew Taylor, a professor at the American University in Washington. ",1
20020,U.N. Security Council to meet on North Korea missile test on Friday,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The United Nations Security Council will meet at 3 p.m. EDT (1900 GMT) on Friday on the latest North Korea missile test, diplomats said, at the request of the United States and Japan.  North Korea fired a missile that flew over Japan s northern Hokkaido far out into the Pacific Ocean on Friday, South Korean and Japanese officials said, further ratcheting up tensions after Pyongyang s recent test of its most powerful nuclear bomb. The 15-member Security Council unanimously stepped up sanctions against North Korea on Monday over its Sept. 3 nuclear test, imposing a ban on the country s textile exports and capping imports of crude oil. It was the ninth U.N. sanctions resolution adopted on North Korea since 2006. ",1
20021,"Saviors or profiteers? Bangladesh fishermen rescue Rohingya, for a price","SHAMLAPUR, Bangladesh (Reuters) - For tens of thousands of Rohingya Muslims, an informal fleet of small wooden fishing boats has meant deliverance from what they say is an indiscriminate assault on their villages by the Myanmar army. Deliverance, however, comes at a price. Some refugees told Reuters they paid as much as 10,000 taka ($122) per adult to boatmen to make the five-hour crossing from Myanmar s coast to ports in southern Bangladesh. While the fishermen say they have a moral obligation to help desperate fellow Muslims escaping persecution, Bangladeshi officials accuse them of profiteering. Ordered to stamp out what they call human trafficking, they have made arrests and even set fire to fishing boats.  Of course we want to keep going back to rescue more people. Our Muslim brothers and sisters are in a bad situation, so I have to go and bring them,  said Mohammed Alom, 25, a fisherman in the Bangladeshi village of Shamlapur. Around 400,000 Rohingya have arrived in Bangladesh in less than three weeks and people are still coming, by land as well as by sea, after attacks by Rohingya militants sparked a fierce counteroffensive by Myanmar s army. Senior United Nations officials have described the violence as  ethnic cleansing . The influx is placing huge strain on authorities in southern Bangladesh, one of the poorest parts of a poor country.  Don t say rescuers. The rescuers should be going and they should rescue people, not in terms of money,  said Lieutenant Colonel Ariful Islam, Border Guards Bangladesh commander in Teknaf on the country s southern tip, referring to the fishermen bringing refugees ashore.  These people are very poor, it s just extorting from them whatever they have. We are helping those who arrived, but we re trying to insist that no human trafficking should take place.  Reuters interviewed three Rohingya fishermen and two Bangladeshi boat owner-operators, all of whom had made at least two visits to Myanmar in recent weeks. The men didn t believe the profits they made detracted from what they saw as a rescue mission. Shaif Ullah, 34, a Bangladeshi, who co-owns a fishing boat, said he made 100,000 taka ($1,220) rescuing the family of a Rohingya in Malaysia who paid him via BKash, a popular mobile money service, after he returned to Bangladeshi shores.  People from Malaysia and Saudi Arabia call me and tell me to go there to get their family,  he said.  They are crying for my help. I take money from them, yes, but it s also a humanitarian act.   Two refugees have told Reuters their family members were detained by fishermen or brokers in Bangladesh when they could not pay for the journey. Several also complained they had to hand over gold and other jewelry to boat operators.  We had no chance to negotiate with the boatmen,  said Ali Johar, 75, an elder from his village in southern Maungdaw, just across the Naf river that forms the border between Myanmar and Bangladesh, now staying in Shamlapur. He handed over his wife s gold necklace and a gold ring, in addition to 7,000 taka for the rescue of him and about 30 members of his extended family, including young children, he said.  But we are grateful to the fishermen for bringing us here,  he said.  There were so many people trying to get here. If they didn t bring us, we would be stuck.  Pronay Chakma says it was a  stroke of fate  that thrust him into a key role in Bangladesh s response to the crisis. The 31-year-old administrator arrived in Teknaf to start a new job as sub-district assistant commissioner for land on Aug. 23, two days before northwestern Myanmar exploded into violence.  The thing is that, yes, the fishermen can go there, no problem, but if they demand money from the pain of stricken people, is it humanitarian? No,  he said. Chakma - a Buddhist member of the Chakma tribe who live scattered throughout South Asia - is an executive magistrate, which means he can hand down jail terms in simple criminal cases. He interrupted an interview with Reuters to sentence a man to three months for possession of five methamphetamine tablets. Chakma and another local official have sentenced at least 100 people to terms of up to six months for continuing to charge Rohingya refugees for ferrying them to safety.  Each and every time we are warning them,  he said.  Yes, you can do that, but not in exchange of money.  He pointed to the deaths of women and children who, unable to swim, have died after their boats capsized near Bangladeshi shores. Fishermen and local residents told Reuters that authorities have also broadcast messages in their villages by loudspeaker ordering them not to pick up Rohingyas. At least five boats caught bringing refugees in exchange for money have been set on fire on the beach by officials. The boatmen Reuters spoke to said they were cautious about operating in bad weather and rejected allegations of coercion or detaining refugees. Tens of thousands of people may still be waiting to cross the mouth of the Naf river, according to estimates by refugees, fishermen and rights groups.  I would like to go back to bring these people, because Muslims are suffering,  said Bangladeshi boat owner Moni Ullah, 38.  For me, it s hard to sit here and not go there, because I have seen so many people crying on the beach.  ($1 = 81.9300 taka) ",1
20022,U.S. nuclear commander says assuming North Korea tested hydrogen bomb,"OFFUTT AIR FORCE BASE, Neb. (Reuters) - The U.S. general who oversees America s nuclear forces said on Thursday he was making the assumption that North Korea did in fact test a hydrogen bomb on Sept. 3, crossing a key threshold in its weapons development efforts.  Although Pyongyang immediately claimed it successfully tested a hydrogen bomb, the United States had previously declined to characterize it.  Air Force General John Hyten, head of the U.S. military s Strategic Command, however, said he had a responsibility, as a military officer responsible for responding to the test, to assume that it was a hydrogen bomb, based on the size of the blast.  I m assuming it was a hydrogen bomb. I have to make that assumption as a military officer,  Hyten told a small group of reporters who were accompanying Defense Secretary Jim Mattie on a trip to Hyten s headquarters in Nebraska.  I m not a nuclear scientist, so I can t tell you this is how it worked, this is what the bomb was. ... But I can tell you the size that we observed and saw tends to me to indicate that it was a hydrogen bomb and I have to figure out what the right response is with our allies as to that kind of event.  The North Korean nuclear test, its sixth and by far most powerful, prompted the U.N. Security Council to step up sanctions. It followed a series of North Korean missile tests, including one that flew over Japan and another that the U.S. assessed to be an inter-continental ballistic missile (ICBM). South Korea s military said shortly after Hyten s remarks that North Korea fired an unidentified missile eastward from the Sunan district in its capital, Pyongyang. A hydrogen bomb usually uses a primary atomic bomb to trigger a secondary, much larger explosion. Such a weapon, with the first stage based on nuclear fission - splitting atoms - and the second on nuclear fusion, produces a blast that is much more power than traditional atomic bombs, or  pure fission  devices.  The sheer destruction and damage that you can create with a weapon that size is significantly of a concern,  Hyten said. Hyten said that despite the nuclear and missile tests, North Korea still had not demonstrated that it had a reliable ICBM that could deliver a nuclear warhead.  But he noted it was only a matter of time before its scientists achieved that, given the pace of testing.  It s just a matter of when, not if,  he said, adding it could be months or years. Experts doubt that President Donald Trump, like his predecessors, will be able to force North Korea to abandon its nuclear program through economic or diplomatic pressure. Current and former U.S. officials have declined to comment on operational planning but acknowledge that no existing plan for a preemptive strike could promise to prevent a brutal counterattack by North Korea, which has thousands of artillery pieces and rockets trained on Seoul. That raises the question of whether the United States might be able to live with a nuclear-armed threat from North Korea. A senior Trump administration official, speaking to reporters last week on condition of anonymity, said it was unclear whether the Cold War-era deterrence model that Washington used with the Soviet Union could be applied to a rogue state like North Korea, adding:  I don t think the president wants to take that chance.  Hyten, who would command U.S. forces in a nuclear war, expressed confidence in the U.S. nuclear deterrent.  Do we have the ability to deter North Korea from developing capabilities that could potentially threaten us? That s a different question,  he said.  But do I, U.S. Strategic Command, have the ability for the United States to deter an adversary from attacking the United States with nuclear weapons? Yes. Because they know the response is going to be the destruction of their entire nation.  ",1
20023,"China, Russia must take direct action against North Korea: Tillerson","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Thursday urged China and Russia to take direct action against North Korea in response to its latest missile launch.  China and Russia must indicate their intolerance for these reckless missile launches by taking direct actions of their own,  Tillerson said in a statement. He said China supplies North Korea with most of its oil and  Russia is the largest employer of North Korean forced labor.  ",1
20024,"South Korea condemns North Korea missile launch, says will boost response ability","SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea s foreign ministry on Friday strongly condemned North Korea s missile launch earlier in the day, calling it a serious act of defiance that threatens international peace and security. The ministry said in a statement that South Korea is fully prepared to respond against any North Korean threat and that it would boost its response ability against Pyongyang s provocations. It did not provide further details. ",1
20025,U.N. seeks 'massive' help for Rohingya fleeing Myanmar 'ethnic cleansing',"DHAKA/YANGON (Reuters) - The United Nations appealed on Thursday for massive help for nearly 400,000 Muslims from Myanmar who have fled to Bangladesh, with concern growing that the number could keep rising, unless Myanmar ends what critics denounce as  ethnic cleansing . The Rohingya are fleeing from a Myanmar military offensive in the western state of Rakhine that began after a series of guerrilla attacks on Aug. 25 on security posts and an army camp in which about a dozen people were killed.  We urge the international community to step up humanitarian support and come up with help,  Mohammed Abdiker, director of operations and emergencies for the International Organisation for Migration, told a news conference in the Bangladeshi capital. The need was  massive , he added. The violence in Rakhine and the exodus of refugees is the most pressing problem Nobel Peace laureate Aung San Suu Kyi has faced since becoming national leader last year. U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres and the U.N. Security Council on Wednesday urged Myanmar to end the violence, which he said was best described as ethnic cleansing.       The government of Buddhist-majority Myanmar rejects such accusations, saying it is targeting  terrorists . Numerous Rohingya villages in the north of Rakhine have been torched but authorities have denied that security forces or Buddhist civilians set the fires. They blame the insurgents, and say 30,000 non-Muslim villagers were also displaced. Smoke was rising from at least five places on the Myanmar side of the border on Thursday, a Reuters reporter in Bangladesh said. It was not clear what was burning or who set the fires.  Ethnic cleansing  is not recognized as an independent crime under international law, the U.N. Office on Genocide Prevention says, but it has been used in U.N. resolutions and acknowledged in judgments and indictments of the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia. A U.N. panel of experts defined it as  rendering an area ethnically homogeneous by using force or intimidation to remove persons of given groups .       The crisis has raised questions about Suu Kyi s commitment to human rights, and could strain relations with Western backers supporting her leadership of Myanmar s transition from decades of strict military rule and economic isolation. Critics have called for her to be stripped of her Nobel prize for failing to do more to halt the strife, though national security remains firmly in the hands of the military. Suu Kyi is due to address the nation on Tuesday. U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said on Thursday he had spoken with Suu Kyi and that she said she was working to get aid to areas affected by violence. U.S. Deputy Assistant Secretary of State Patrick Murphy had what one U.S. official called a  tough conversation  with Myanmar s ambassador to the United States on Wednesday ahead of Murphy s trip to Yangon this weekend. Murphy will be meeting with Myanmar government officials next week to voice concern about the state of the Rohingya people and to press for greater access for humanitarian workers and reporters, the State Department said. China, which competes with the United States for influence in Myanmar, endorses the offensive against the insurgents and deemed it an  internal affair , Myanmar state media said.  The counterattacks of Myanmar security forces against extremist terrorists and the government s undertakings to provide assistance to the people are strongly welcomed,  the Global New Light of Myanmar newspaper quoted China s ambassador, Hong Liang, as telling government officials. But at the United Nations in New York, China set a different tone, joining a Security Council expression of concern about reports of violence and urging steps to end it. The council met on Wednesday to discuss the crisis and later  expressed concern about reports of excessive violence ... and called for immediate steps to end the violence in Rakhine, de-escalate the situation, re-establish law and order, ensure the protection of civilians ... and resolve the refugee problem . This week, the Trump administration called for protection of civilians. Bangladesh says the refugees will have to go home and has called for safe zones in Myanmar. Myanmar says safe zones are unacceptable. The IOM s Abdiker declined to say how many refugees he thought might end up in Bangladesh.  The number may rise to 600,000, 700,000, even one million if the situation in Myanmar does not improve,  he said. The most important thing was that the refugees be able to go home safely, said George William Okoth-Obbo, assistant high commissioner for operations at the U.N. refugee agency.  The international community has to support to ensure their return ... peacefully and with safety,  he told the news conference. On Wednesday, the Myanmar government said 45 places had been burned. It did not provide details, but a spokesman said out of 471 villages in the north of Rakhine, 176 had been deserted and at least some people had left 34 more. The spokesman, Zaw Htay, said the people going to Bangladesh were either linked to the insurgents, or women and children fleeing conflict. Government figures show 432 people have been killed, most of them insurgents, since Aug. 25. ",1
20026,"Hurricane Max downgraded to tropical storm, moves inland over Mexico","MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Hurricane Max was downgraded to a tropical storm on Thursday evening, bearing down on a region with the popular tourist resorts of Acapulco, Zihuatanejo and Ixtapa.  Max s maximum sustained winds decreased to 70 miles per hour (113 km per hour) on Thursday evening, and the storm was about 80 miles (129 km) east of Acapulco, the National Hurricane Center in Florida said. The storm is expected to continue weakening dramatically as it moves inland over Southern Mexico, and it will likely be downgraded to a tropical depression on Thursday evening.  Nevertheless, the center warned of heavy rains and flooding in the coastal states of Guerrero and Oaxaca.  In the state of Guerrero, home to some of Mexico s major tourist resorts, Max could dump as much as 20 inches (51 cm) of rain in coastal areas, the NHC said, potentially triggering flash floods and mudslides.  The storm is bad news for Acapulco as tourists prepare to travel to the city to celebrate Mexico s Independence Day this weekend.  Meanwhile, tropical storm Norma formed in the Pacific on Thursday, according to the NHC. The storm, which is currently 360 miles (579 km) south of Cabo San Lucas, on the southern tip of the Baja California peninsula, could become a hurricane by late Friday.  Max arrives a week after a powerful 8.1-magnitude quake shook southern Mexico, destroying thousands of buildings in the state of Oaxaca and killing at least 98 people nationwide. ",1
20027,North Korea launch put millions in Japan into 'duck and cover': Mattis,"OMAHA, Neb. (Reuters) - U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Thursday that North Korea s missile launch over Japan  put millions of Japanese into duck and cover  before it landed in the Pacific Ocean, and added that top U.S. officials had fully coordinated after the test-launch.  We have just got done with the calls we always make to coordinate among ourselves. Steady as she goes,  Mattis told reporters traveling with him during a visit to the U.S. Strategic Command, which oversees U.S. nuclear forces. ",1
20028,Western powers press Iraq Kurd leaders to shelve 'very risky' independence vote,"ERBIL/KIRKUK, Iraq (Reuters) - The United States and Western allies pressed Iraqi Kurdish leaders to ditch a  very risky  independence vote on Thursday, presenting an alternative plan in an attempt to avoid conflict between the oil rich region and central government in Baghdad. The referendum, slated for Sept. 25, has become a potential flashpoint in the region, with Western powers concerned it could ignite conflict with Baghdad and divert attention from the war against Islamic State militants.  Heading into a referendum for Sept. 25, there is no prospect for international legitimacy,  Brett McGurk, a U.S. special envoy, told reporters after a delegation also including the U.N. and Britain met Kurdish President Massoud Barzani.  This is a very risky process.  McGurk said he was encouraged that Kurdish leaders could embrace an alternative plan focusing on dialogue between the Kurdistan region and Baghdad and a delay in the referendum. He refused to give details.  The Kurdish presidency said the autonomous region s political leaders would study the proposal, without giving details. But Barzani himself was later quoted by local media as telling a pro-independence rally the vote would go ahead on Sept. 25 as planned. The move came after Iraq s parliament voted to remove the governor of Kirkuk, a staunch supporter of Kurdish independence. Kirkuk Governor Najmaddin Kareem said he had no intention of following Baghdad s dismissal order, issued at the behest of Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi.  I will stay in office,  he told Reuters.  The referendum will go on as planned...The prime minister does not have the power to ask parliament to remove me.  Iraqi lawmakers authorized Abadi this week to  take all measures  to preserve national unity before the independence referendum.   Baghdad and Iraq s neighbors are opposed to the vote.      Iraqi lawmakers say it will consolidate Kurdish control over several disputed areas, including oil-rich Kirkuk. Turkey has the region s largest Kurdish population and fears a  Yes  vote could fuel separatism in its southeast where Kurdish militants have waged an insurgency for three decades in which more than 40,000 people have been killed. Iran and Syria also oppose the vote, fearing it could fan separatism among their own Kurdish populations. Iraqi lawmakers say the referendum will consolidate Kurdish control over several disputed areas, including oil-rich Kirkuk. Kirkuk province is claimed by both the central government in Baghdad and Barzani s semi-autonomous Kurdish region in northern Iraq. Kareem is a vocal supporter of the referendum and campaigned for the vote also to be held in Kirkuk. Kurds have long claimed Kirkuk and its huge oil reserves. They regard the city, just outside their Kurdistan region in northern Iraq, as their historical capital.  But the ethnically mixed city also has Arab and Turkmen populations. Kareem has long riled the federal government. Last spring, Kirkuk s governorate voted to raise the Kurdish flag over state buildings, despite Baghdad s insistence that only Iraq s national flag should fly in the multi-ethnic city.    He (Kareem) is an elected governor of the council of Kirkuk,  said Hoshyar Zebari, a close adviser to President Barzani.  That is the only body that can remove him.   The escalating tactics this week by the Iraqis are causing a large public backlash, and will strengthen the Kurdish referendum enormously,  Zebari said.  Kurdish MPs in Iraq s parliament boycotted Thursday s vote, which produced a majority for the governor s removal, lawmaker Husham al-Suhail told Reuters. Asked whether parliament had the right to dismiss Kareem, Suhail referred to an article of Iraq s provincial law, which  parliament used as the legal basis for the vote and which stipulates the prime minister s authority to remove a regional governor. Suhail gave no details about what Kareem was accused of and Kareem himself said he had not been informed.  This is unlawful ... I have the support of the government council, I have the support of the people, we are here and we will continue,  he said. ",1
20029,Japan foreign minister thinks North Korea missile was ICBM: NHK,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Kono said he thinks the missile that North Korea fired on Friday was an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM), given its firing range, public broadcaster NHK reported. North Korea fired a missile on Friday that flew over Japan s northern Hokkaido far out into the Pacific Ocean, South Korean and Japanese officials said, further ratcheting up tensions after Pyongyang s recent test of a powerful nuclear bomb. ",1
20030,Catalan independence campaign kicks off as Barcelona gives backing,"TARRAGONA, Spain (Reuters) - The Catalonian government on Thursday launched its official campaign for an independence referendum, which Madrid has declared illegal, buoyed by the support of the capital  Barcelona. Crowds filled a bull ring in the northeastern city of Tarragona, applauding and shouting  We will vote!  as regional president Carles Puigdemont arrived to rally support for the Oct. 1 vote. In a boost for the credibility of the referendum, the mayor of Barcelona said earlier on Thursday that the vote would go ahead in the city, having previously expressed concern that civil servants involved may lose their jobs. A town hall spokesman was unable to comment further or explain how civil servants could be protected.      Puigdemont himself is facing criminal charges of misuse of public money, disobedience and abuse of office for organizing the referendum, and prosecutors have summoned hundreds of the region s mayors for questioning.    Police raided a newspaper office and a printing press last week, looking for signs of preparation, and the regional court has ordered Civil Guard agents to shut down web pages providing information about the referendum.  Regional home affairs councillor Joaquim Forn said there was a bigger than usual presence of national police in Catalonia.  They are moving throughout the region. They must be looking for ballot boxes,  he told RAC1 radio. A majority of Catalonia s 5.5 million voters want to have their say on the northeastern region s relationship with Spain, but the independence cause has lost support in recent years and surveys indicate less than 50 percent of the population would choose full self-rule. ",1
20031,Japan's Suga: government strongly protests latest N Korea missile launch,"TOKYO (Reuters) - North Korea fired a ballistic missile over Japan on Friday morning, Japan s government said, strongly protesting against what it called Pyongyang s latest intolerable provocation. The missile was launched at 6:57 a.m. Japan time (2157 GMT), flew over Hokkaido and splashed down at 7:16 a.m. (2216 GMT) some 2,000 kilometres east of the northern island s Cape Erimo, said Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga. Japan protests the latest launch in the strongest terms and will take appropriate and timely action at the United Nations and elsewhere, staying in close contact with the United States and South Korea, Suga told reporters. (In paragraph two, corrects time that missile splashed down.) ",1
20032,Brazil's Temer says new graft charges part of 'irresponsible campaign',"BRASILIA (Reuters) - Brazilian President Michel Temer, shortly after being hit with fresh graft charges on Thursday, said in a written statement that the nation s top prosecutor is on an  irresponsible campaign  of making allegations to cover his own failures.  Temer was charged by Prosecutor General Rodrigo Janot with obstruction of justice and racketeering based on the plea-bargain testimony of the owners of the world s largest meatpacker, JBS SA. They accused Temer of taking bribes in return for political favors and of conspiring to buy the silence of a witness who could implicate the president. ",1
20033,"North Korea threatens to 'sink' Japan, reduce U.S. to 'ashes and darkness'","SEOUL/TOKYO (Reuters) - A North Korean state agency threatened on Thursday to use nuclear weapons to  sink  Japan and reduce the United States to  ashes and darkness  for supporting a U.N. Security Council resolution and sanctions over its latest nuclear test. The Korea Asia-Pacific Peace Committee, which handles the North s external ties and propaganda, also called for the breakup of the Security Council, which it called  a tool of evil  made up of  money-bribed  countries that move at the order of the United States.  The four islands of the archipelago should be sunken into the sea by the nuclear bomb of Juche. Japan is no longer needed to exist near us,  the committee said in a statement carried by the North s official KCNA news agency.   Juche is the North s ruling ideology that mixes Marxism and an extreme form of go-it-alone nationalism preached by state founder Kim Il Sung, the grandfather of the current leader, Kim Jong Un. Regional tension has risen markedly since the reclusive North conducted its sixth, and by far its most powerful, nuclear test on Sept. 3, following a series of missile tests, including one that flew over Japan. The 15-member Security Council voted unanimously on a U.S.-drafted resolution and a new round of sanctions on Monday in response, banning North Korea s textile exports that are the second largest only to coal and mineral, and capping fuel supplies. The North reacted to the latest action by the Security Council, which had the backing of veto-holding China and Russia, by reiterating threats to destroy the United States, Japan and South Korea.  Let s reduce the U.S. mainland into ashes and darkness. Let s vent our spite with mobilization of all retaliation means which have been prepared till now,  the statement said. Japan s Nikkei stock index and dollar/yen currency pared gains, although traders said that was more because of several Chinese economic indicators released on Thursday rather than a reaction to the North s latest statement. South Korea s won also edged down around the same time over domestic financial concerns. Despite the North s threats, South Korean President Moon Jae-in said he was against having nuclear weapons in his country, either by developing its own arsenal or bringing back U.S. tactical nuclear weapons that were withdrawn in the early 1990s.  To respond to North Korea by having our own nuclear weapons will not maintain peace on the Korean peninsula and could lead to a nuclear arms race in northeast Asia,  Moon said in an interview with CNN. South Korea s Unification Ministry also said it planned to provide $8 million through the U.N. World Food Programme and UNICEF to help infants and pregnant women in the North. The move marks Seoul s first humanitarian assistance for the North since its fourth nuclear test in January 2016 and is based on a longstanding policy of separating humanitarian aid from politics, the ministry said. The North s latest threats also singled out Japan for  dancing to the tune  of the United States, saying it should never be pardoned for not offering a sincere apology for its  never-to-be-condoned crimes against our people , an apparent reference to Japan s wartime aggression. It also referred to South Korea as  traitors and dogs  of the United States. Japan criticized the North s statement harshly.  This announcement is extremely provocative and egregious. It is something that markedly heightens regional tension and is absolutely unacceptable,  Japanese Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told reporters. Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, visiting India, called for strict enforcement of the U.N. resolution, saying the world must force a change. The 15-member Security Council voted unanimously on a U.S.-drafted resolution and a new round of sanctions against North Korea on Monday in response to its latest and most powerful test, banning North Korea s textile exports that are the second largest only to coal and mineral, and capping fuel supplies. North Korea had already rejected the Security Council resolution, vowing to press ahead with its nuclear and missile programs. A tougher initial U.S. draft of Monday s resolution was weakened to win the support of China, the North s lone major ally, and Russia. Significantly, it stopped short of imposing a full embargo on oil exports to North Korea, most of which come from China. The latest sanctions also make it illegal for foreign firms to form commercial joint ventures with North Korean entities. U.S. President Donald Trump has vowed that North Korea will never be allowed to threaten the United States with a nuclear-tipped missile, but has also asked China to do more to rein in its neighbor. China in turn favors an international response to the problem. Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said the international community had reached a  high consensus  on trying to realize a peaceful solution.  We urge the relevant directly involved parties to seize the opportunity and have the political nerve to make the correct political choice as soon as possible,  Hua told a regular press briefing. The North accuses the United States, which has 28,500 troops in South Korea, of planning to invade and regularly threatens to destroy it and its Asian allies. The United States and South Korea are technically still at war with North Korea because the 1950-53 Korean conflict ended with a truce and not a peace treaty. (For a graphic on North Korea's missile and nuclear tests, click tmsnrt.rs/2vXbj0S) ",1
20034,Mexico accepts Israeli offer to help develop Central America,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexico President Enrique Pena Nieto said on Thursday that his country had accepted Israel s offer to help it and the United States develop Central America, as Israel and Mexico seek to deepen business ties. Speaking at a news conference with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, Pena Nieto added that the two nations had agreed to update their free trade agreement, which was signed in 2000.  We have agreed to establish and begin the ... negotiations to look over this agreement so that the commercial relationship between both nations intensifies and grows,  he said. Netanyahu was joined by a business delegation including representatives from communications firm AudioCodes Ltd, cyber security firm Verint Systems Inc and Mer Group, which specializes in telecommunications and cyber security. In Central America, Pena Nieto said Israel s assistance could bolster the United States and Mexico s efforts in the region, particularly in Guatemala, El Salvador and Honduras. He noted that Israel brings experience from carrying out development projects in Africa. The United States and Mexico have been seeking to encourage investment in infrastructure improvements in Central America s so-called Northern Triangle in an effort to stem migration to the United States. Netanyahu s trip marked the first visit to Mexico by a sitting Israeli prime minister, Pena Nieto said. At the close of the news conference, Netanyahu invited Pena Nieto to Jerusalem. The relationship between the nations was strained earlier this year by a tweet in which Netanyahu appeared to praise U.S. President Donald Trump s plans to build a wall on the Mexican border. Israeli President Reuven Rivlin later issued a statement apologizing for any misunderstanding. ",1
20035,U.S. extends some Iran sanctions relief under nuclear deal,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States on Thursday extended some sanctions relief for Iran under the 2015 nuclear deal but said it has yet to decide whether to preserve the deal itself, the State Department said. President Donald Trump, who must make a decision by mid-October that could undermine the agreement, said Iran is violating  the spirit  of the 2015 deal under which Iran got sanctions relief in return for curbing its nuclear program. In a sign of Trump s desire to put pressure on Iran, which denies violating the deal, the U.S. Treasury announced new cyber-related and other sanctions on seven Iranian individuals, two Iranian entities and two Ukraine-based entities.  We are not going to stand for what they are doing,  Trump told reporters on Air Force One. But he stopped short of saying whether he will refuse to recertify the agreement. Trump must decide in October whether to certify that Iran is complying with the agreement, known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA). If he does not, Congress has 60 days to decide whether to reimpose sanctions waived under the deal. The prospect of Washington reneging on the agreement has worried some of the key U.S. allies that helped negotiate the deal, especially as the world grapples with another nuclear crisis, North Korea s nuclear and ballistic missile development. Republican Senator Bob Corker, who chairs the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and wrote the law giving Congress the right to review the Iran deal, said he and the White House were preparing in case of a change in policy. He also said he recognized the need to work with allies.  I think it s important that ... we take steps that, to the extent we can, we keep all of our allies together,  Corker told Reuters.  What you don t want to do is self-create a crisis for no reason. You want to make sure that you have an outcome here that is a good outcome for the United States and our interest.  Asked if it made sense to abandon the Iran nuclear deal given concerns about North Korea, Corker said,  I don t think you should prejudge what they re (the administration) going to do.  Separately, U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson argued that the United States must consider the full threat it says Iran poses to the Middle East when formulating its new policy toward Tehran, saying Iran had breached the spirit of the deal.  We have to consider the totality of Iran s activities and not let our view be defined solely by the nuclear agreement,  he told a news conference in London. Citing the preface to the 2015 agreement, Tillerson said  in our view, Iran is clearly in default of these expectations.  He cited Iranian support for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, its development of ballistic missiles and  cyber activities.  The deal s preface does not oblige Iran to promote global peace. Rather, it says the nations involved  anticipate that full implementation of this JCPOA will positively contribute to regional and international peace and security.  State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert told reporters the administration had approved waivers of some sanctions on Iran to  maintain some flexibility  as it develops its Iran policy. She did not specify which sanctions were waived. Earlier, sources said the United States will renew a waiver of the most punitive sanctions on Iran. Tucked into Section 1245 of the 2012 National Defense Authorization Act, Washington threatened to sanction the banks of Iran s main oil customers if they did not significantly cut their purchases of Iranian crude. Under the law, these sanctions can be waived for a maximum of 120 days, forcing the U.S. government to revisit the issue every four months. Even as the administration waived the oil-related sanctions, the Treasury Department announced it had sanctioned 11 entities and individuals for  engaging in support of designated Iranian actors or malicious cyber-enabled activity.  Of the 11, seven were Iranian individuals, two were Iranian entities and two were entities based in Ukraine. The Treasury alleged they either supported Iran s ballistic missile program or its Quds Force, or engaged in cyber attacks against the U.S. financial system. The action freezes any assets they may hold in the United States and generally prohibits U.S. individuals from doing business with them. ",1
20036,"Brazil prosecutors seek to extend Batista detention, source says","SAO PAULO (Reuters) - The Office of Brazil s Prosecutor-General Rodrigo Janot asked the Federal Supreme Court on Thursday to convert the temporary detention of billionaire beef tycoon Joesley Batista into preventative detention, a person with knowledge of the situation said. ",1
20037,"Myanmar faces 'defining moment', must stop the violence: U.S.","LONDON (Reuters) - Myanmar is facing a  defining moment  and must stop the violence against its ethnic minority Rohingya population, U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Thursday. Attacks by Rohingya militants on security posts last month triggered an army operation that has killed more than 400 people, destroyed over 6,800 houses and sent nearly 400,000 Rohingya Muslims fleeing to Bangladesh. On a visit to London where he met British Prime Minister Theresa May and foreign minister, Boris Johnson, he told a news conference:  I think it is a defining moment in many ways for this new, emerging democracy.  He said he understood that Myanmar s Aung San Suu Kyi, a Nobel prize laureate and de facto head of the government in Myanmar, was in a power-sharing agreement with the military and the  complex situation  in which she found herself.  I think it is important that the global community speak out in support of what we all know the expectation is for the treatment of people regardless of their ethnicity,  he added.  This violence must stop, this persecution must stop.  ",1
20038,U.S. citizen fighting for Islamic State surrenders in Syria: Pentagon,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - An American citizen fighting for Islamic State in Syria surrendered to U.S-backed fighters earlier this week and has been handed over to U.S. forces, the Pentagon said on Thursday. The American surrendered to the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), a U.S.-backed alliance of mostly Arab and Kurdish fighters, on or around Sept. 12.  The US citizen is being legally detained by Department of Defense personnel as a known enemy combatant,  Pentagon spokesman Major Adrian Rankine-Galloway said in a statement. It is not the first time an American citizen fighting for the group has been detained by U.S. allies. In June, a Virginia man who traveled to Syria to become a suicide bomber for Islamic State was convicted of providing material support to the militant group. Mohamad Jamal Khweis, 27, spent about 2-1/2 months in early 2016 traveling with Islamic State fighters in Syria and Iraq and participating in the group s religious training. He was detained by Kurdish peshmerga forces in northern Iraq in March 2016 and turned over to U.S. authorities. ",1
20039,U.S. calls on China to use 'powerful tool' of oil to sway North Korea,"LONDON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Thursday he was hopeful that China would come to its own decision to decide to use the  powerful tool  of oil supplies to persuade North Korea to reconsider its  current path . On a visit to London where he met British Prime Minister Theresa May and foreign minister, Boris Johnson, Tillerson said the United States had wanted to see a much stronger resolution from the United Nations which agreed a new round of sanctions on Monday.  It s clear that with respect to oil, and a complete embargo on oil from the U.N. Security Council, that s going to be very difficult,  he said.  In effect, that is directed at China alone because China supplies essentially all of North Korea s oil,  he told a joint news conference with Johnson.  I am hopeful that China, as a great country, a world power, will decide on their own, will take it upon themselves to use that very powerful tool of oil supply to persuade North Korea to reconsider its current path toward weapons development, reconsider its approach to dialogue and negotiations in the future.  ",1
